David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin please note all of my references to revenue ticket prices and cost metrics will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. I will start today with a summary of our 2017 first quarter results then I'll provide some insights on booking trends and finish up with an update on our full year 2017 guidance. Our adjusted EPS in the first quarter was $0.38. This was $0.05 above the midpoint of our December guidance. The improvement was all operational driven by increased net ticket revenue yields which benefited from stronger pricing on closing bookings on both sides of the Atlantic, while higher than guidance net cruise cost excluding fuel due to the timing of certain expenses between the quarters was offset by favorability in a variety of other areas. Now let's look at our first quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased almost 4%. The North American brands were up over 5% while the European, Australia and Asian brands also known as our EAA brands were up almost 2%. Our total net revenue yields were up 3.8%. Now let's break apart the two components of net revenue yields, net ticket yields were up 4.1 %, this increase was driven by our North American brands deployment in the Caribbean as well as our EAA brands deployments in both Europe and the Caribbean. Net onboard and other yields increased 2.9% with increases on both sides of Atlantic. Net cruise costs per ALBD excluding fuel were up 3.2% driven by the timing of O&M, dry dock and G&A expense. As they have previously indicated, the best measure of net cruise cost per ALBD excluding fuel is on a full year basis as the timing of expenses between the quarters often varies from the year to year. In summary, our first quarter adjusted EPS was in line with the prior year, which as Arnold indicated strong operational improvements of $0.10 and the $0.02 accretive impact from the stock repurchase program both being offset by the impact of higher fuel prices, costing $0.08 and the unfavorable impact of currency worth $0.05. Now let's turn to 2017 booking trends. Since December, both booking volumes and prices for the remainder of 2017 have been running ahead of the prior year. At this point in time for the remainder of 2017, cumulative advanced bookings are well ahead at considerably higher prices. Now let's drill down into the cumulative book position. First for our North American brands, the Caribbean and the seasonal European programs are both well ahead in the prior year on both price and occupancy. For Alaska, occupancy is ahead at nicely higher prices. Secondly for our EAA brand, the European deployments which represent 62% of the remainder of 2017's capacity both price and occupancy well ahead of the prior year. Finally, I want to provide you with an update on our full year 2017 guidance. As Arnold indicated, our first quarter results combined with our strong book position enabled us to raise our full year earnings guidance, the increase was driven by two things compared to our December guidance. First, raising our net revenue yield guidance to 3%, a half point increase. And second, a benefit of $0.08 from lower fuel prices and the favorable impact of currency while net cruise cost without fuel for ALBD are still expected to up approximately 1% for 2017. Putting all these factors together, our increased adjusted EPS guidance for 2017 is $3.50 to $3.70 versus $3.45 for 2016. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Arnold.
David Bernstein: Sure. Look in all of the remaining quarters of the year, we are expecting yield increases, and we are expecting good yield increases on both sides of the Atlantic. So, we do see good demand for both the European passenger as well as the North American passengers. And as far as the China and Korea situation is concerned, we are doing our best, it’s early this just happens, it’s unfortunate as Arnold indicated the itinerary disruptions. But keep in mind that we've got itinerary -- we’ve had itinerary disruptions before we’ve made some changes, and we've done our best to include what we believe the potential impact is in our guidance.
David Bernstein: Again, I just probably would reiterate everything Arnold said. I mean it was an excellent wave season and so we felt confident with the additional information to raise the guidance 0.5 point at this point in time. 
David Bernstein: There is a little bit less left to sell for the reminder of the year than there was at this time last year. We had indicated that we're well ahead on occupancy and the booking curve has continued to move further out and we feel very good about the overall book position at this point. 
David Bernstein: We're ahead of the prior year for 2018. but keep in mind that it is very early/ And so I would not read too much into that in terms of 2018, but we're ahead.
David Bernstein: And the only thing I'll add is that the capacity growth, it is bigger in the second and third quarter then the full year for the Caribbean, but when we take a look at this in our book position and our expectation in that quarter, we do anticipate good solid pricing or yield growth in the Caribbean in all four quarters.
David Bernstein: You know considerably higher is better than well ahead, but we're just trying to give you directionally some color on the overall picture.
David Bernstein: So, I was going to say the target ratio that we have targeted historically and we've reiterated is about a 40% to 50% payout ratio and so we're constantly looking that where it will be talking to the board about the dividends and the remainder it's not just the free cash flow, but we've said a number of times that with the strong balance sheet we can return free cash flow and more to shareholders, and our expectation is we will do that overtime.
David Bernstein: The bookings in China at the moment are still ahead of the prior year, but it's all everything that just happened is indicated with Korea and itinerary disruptions. As Arnold indicated, it creates some caution and we try to include that in our guidance and in developing full year guidance as we had indicated. So, this is in evolving market and it’s a B2B market as Arnold has walked you through. And so that next month or two will be, we'll learn a lot more and will be able to provide more information as we move forward. 
David Bernstein: I don't have all the data, on the new to cruise by brand or by region, but I will say that when you look at it globally those regions or those brands that are growing faster tend to have a little bit higher new to cruise percentage, as you would imagine as you're growing the brand overall of the region overall, you have more first timers or new to cruise who are sailing on your ships during that period of time.
David Bernstein: I know that assumes some retirements, it's 5% overall gross capacity growth, and just as we've always indicated, we've sold about 19 ships in the last decade, and we do have one leaving our fleet next month. And so we do anticipate that we will see a couple of ships leave the fleet overtime and we've factored that in.
David Bernstein: We unfortunately, Tim, I don’t have that detail available with us, we should have that for on the second quarter call for all of our brands. 
David Bernstein: I think it's -- we're not at this point going to give guidance on Q3 and Q4. You've got the Q1 actuals, the Q2 guidance and the full year guidance and so overall you can see what the differential is it's not that great, baked into our guidance, but we're not going to give detailed guidance by quarter.
Arnold Donald: Okay. Thank you, Robin. We're always giving our best estimate at a given point in time and we're certainly doing that now, and we've got a long way to go till the end of the year and obviously we are going to do our best to beat the guidance as we always do. We have plucked up a little bit above what you see in terms of current fuel and currency and the gains in the first quarter, but we are also factoring in some contingencies for every impact we might see yet in the year.
Arnold Donald: Well, I think first of all just keep in mind, we are now into wave season and through wave season before we weren’t, so you really have to see how things are going to play out. So, we've got a lot more information now, but we still have a long way to go. But based on what we see, we have the confidence that we share with you. By market a lot of people were concerned about the Caribbean and relative capacity changes on all that, and once again, we kind of demonstrated that we feel we are creating enough demand for the capacity that we have and are able to continue to see relative outperformance in the Caribbean. Alaska is also strong and David may have a comment. Europe is -- the North America brands for Europe are ahead on booking and ahead on pricing, so they are doing well as well as the A brands are doing well.
Arnold Donald: We're not quantifying at this time, but what I can tell you directionally is about 30% of the inventory on the fixed brands and on that new revenue management to would be impacted in 2017, more in the 85% to 90% in 2018 of their inventory will be impacted. The results have been really good. Evidence of us for that is when the two suggests a different approach than the revenue science that would have taken without the two. And so early on, they're seeing things which may some go back and double and triple check to and we keep controls and what not. But it's really been helpful and we have absolutely seeing increased yield from the teams utilizing the two. One of the most powerful things above the two though, it doesn’t when I used an adjustment of the two fits let's so do it and it’s the cause of right question inquiry and the right conversation. And now revenue management teams across the brands are in real-time collaboration, nonstop, and that alone with either without two enhancements will be beneficial, but with the two has been really powerful. So, I think we will maybe try to quantify some stuff they want. The two runs as core to volume, small amount of inventory right now and what again in different environments with the different conditions and different points in the booking curve over period of time and continue refinance. But it’s no question it's helping us on yield right now.
Arnold Donald: Sure, keep in mind that China today is still more of a B2B business and so a lot of the movement happens at the distribution level terms of where they took groups of vacationers. So in any event, it’s early, we have disruptions as David mentioned often around the world. So, we're placing with a sea day or second port in Japan in some cases you know that can be advantageous to us and sometimes have engaged advantages sort of yes. We are not a ferry, lot of times people wanting to go to Korea to shop and so I'm sure they're individuals that be disappointed that you know they can't go to Jeju to shop like they'd intended to, but we replace that with other ports our great experience on board we're hopeful that we can manage to get satisfaction. The issues still becomes in terms of the distribution, can we effectively persuade them within the same groups of people or will they switch, who they send and what's the impact of that.
Arnold Donald: You know it's still too early to be sure, but we're hopeful that yields will be positive in the back half of the year and we're monitoring the situation, our team is absolutely working hard to make sure that we deliver.
Arnold Donald: Our competitors are land based vacation, but I'm assuming you're talking about some of the other cruise company. But in any event, the issue on the just implementing the booking curve look, we are always trying to maximize the revenue and to do that where you want to be at a different point in the booking curve will vary all the time and has a lot to do with a bunch of things from itinerary mix to source market mix et cetera, et cetera. So, we are always trying to optimize that so we can maximize revenue. At this point, we wouldn’t arbitrarily try to further lengthen the booking curve, but we wouldn’t necessarily try to shorten it either. We're just monitoring and using our new revenue management two for the six brands and existing two for the other brands to help us sort that out. But our goal is to maximize revenue, not to have the longest booking curve.
Arnold Donald: No, not that I am aware of at this point in time, obviously, our numbers of ships going for the first time including Paradise for us which we are very excited about it, as I mentioned in my opening comments. So, we are sending largest ships Paradise probably the largest ship from the U.S. in Cuba going. And so, it won't happen overtime, they are going to pace and take their time, but again there is a lot of change already occurring there. Additional cruise companies are now going to Cuba after our initial four-way with Adonia and Fathom brand and so things are increasing and it will just have to continue to work with them and go at the pace they want to go. 
Arnold Donald: That's our overall fleet-wise capacity growth and of course that number could vary it because we are focused obviously on a yield environment for us to grow we have to deal with the increased yield, we are not can be in a growth just through capacity because of the large base we have and so will what we need to do right now we are trying the curve trading demand that we are able to maintain and will suspend that than that capacity growth would be certainly capacity lot of continue with yield improvements if it's some reason that we all change or they changed and we've looked at some accelerating retirements because we are committed to measure capacity growth that are in our brands that allows us to increase yield until borrowing increased financial performance. That are the aspect about us that's a little different from the other folks and the industry is set. We have a lot of geography to spread our capacity over including new geographies potential like China and the Cuba and then we’ve made brands. So, we have ten different brands. And so that growth was is really modest.
Arnold Donald: One another thing that is interesting about the cruise business is we have never been able to show a strong coloration between the performance of the business and economies. So, we do well in recession periods and we do well in growth periods, obviously stronger economics undoubtedly our tailwind. But we haven’t really been able to correlate performance directly to economies. Have been said that back to original coming about the Caribbean, as you mentioned, our capacity growth is higher than shouldn’t have been in the past few years. We haven't to get through the year, but right now we're well ahead on bookings, we’re well ahead on pricing, and obviously the results through the first quarter were very strong and those itineraries have been completed. So, we're doing very well in the Caribbean, and we expect to continue to do well. In terms of Europe I would say overall, again it's a combination of creating demand, measuring capacity growth to our brands in the European arena and just strong brand marketing on the prior of the North American brands for their European itineraries. And so, we're doing well and we've got way ahead on price and we're ahead on bookings.
Arnold Donald: Sure. I think on your -- on your first point around Cuba. What's regulating Cuba right now is Cuba. So, they're determining, how many ships are coming and which ships and what time and all of that. Should the Trump administration take a different position than exists today then we'll have to deal with that. Today to be honest with you Cuba, you can't find it in outnumbers, it's the one ship Adonia now will have Paradise going, which will be a little bit bigger ship, but still that's one ship not sailing every week even to Cuba. And so, it's going to be hard to find the numbers given the scale of our business. So, it's really building for the future and we'll see what happens. I learned a long time ago never to try to predict regulation or legislation or what an administration would do or won't do and we'll just have to play it all the time. We obviously believe that people having the ability to travel is the good thing and we hope that steps will be taken to encourage travel rather than from restriction. So, we'll see how it plays out, but at this point in time, we're sailing ahead. In terms of the travel ban more broadly or similar kind of comment, first of all we haven't really been able to measure any impact from the noise around the travel ban or the actual bans themselves at this point in time. The only thing that can really directly impact us is severe restriction of travel, because we are discretionary travel and if people can't travel that will impact us. But we haven't seen anything to-date, we aren't anticipating anything, but obviously we would adapt and react our assets or mobile, that’s one of the duties of our business. You know can have disruptions like China, them advising their citizens not to go to Korea and impacting no travel to Korea, and then we just redeploy and manage around.
Arnold Donald: Okay, thank you. When we talk about multiple touch points, the goal is we're like with any advertising is just to keep your brand and in this case we want to keep cruise in a positive way, out in front of people all the time. So that when they're thinking about a vacation, they have that unique idea of what about the cruise, so that's that object how do we do that, we do it through all the traditional marketing and approaches with the brands taken and not traditional ones they take digital marketing, traditional advertising, media et cetera. We do it through the events with the new ships and ships are big promotional opportunity and every time we have a new ship and inaugural event where we get position wise out there. We do it through the things like also the consumer electronics ensuring being the key note there that's a whole bunch of different media audiences that cruise now gets highlighted into the positive ways. So if someone who was being in the New York Times now goes to their technical publications, they are talking about cruise, they are talking about the New York Times down in cruise, so it's just reaching frequency. Most fundamental advertising concept there is, but doing in a way that's powerful, that's positive, that adds to understanding and hopefully entire to steep with the consider. Cost versus revenue our marketing costs are up a bit over the last few years some of the savings we've been honestly we've reinvested to drive yield to trade demand and drive yield, but basically a lot of this reallocating the balance we were spending from one type of approach to another and then we've heavily leverage our public relation that as you can tell from everything have gone. So, it's not just the matter of producing the TV shows for example or producing an ad like the Super Bowl ad we did, but it's all of the public relations efforts around that, so leverage the impact of those executions.
Arnold Donald: That will be a Board decision obviously at the time, but just philosophically we try to stay in a search ratio of dividend payout, turning some because dividends you're going to do those forever and hopefully and so that you want to make decision that you want to get some ratio there. And so we target a ratio on dividend payout and then the balanced we like to give back to the shareholders and stock repurchase.
Arnold Donald: Because you know technically it's not a travel ban, right. But anyway based on what they have said look, we think China is still one of the largest cruise market in the world, cruising is in there five year plan. We're excited about our partnership in China with CSSC, had another big signing, I mentioned with President Xi and Mattarella from Italy. So, we are very positive on China. We continue to make good money there. It's still holistically accretive to us versus our alternative deployments to the ships, so all those are positive indicators. I don’t like China forecast the regulatory stuff and all that, but in our guidance, we would assume this is going to persist through the end of this year. All indications are would be temporary. Again, it's just the matter of changing deployment. So you don't go to Jeju, you add an extra port in Japan or you have an extra sea day. And in overtime, we would be looking at other itinerary changes potentially maybe tapping more in the fly cruise and that type of things.
Arnold Donald: I'll give you the overall data that has some qualitative comments by regions, but overall what's happening if you leave China out of it, it's just an artifact of the construct. New to cruise is decreasing as a percent of the total and the reason it is because of the bake of those cruise before it grows and industry is limited on the capacity growth with the number of shipyards. So, you actually see, if you leave China out of it. You actually see a decline in the percent of new to cruise in a given year, okay. So, that’s the trend. Obviously for us, we're more as driven yields, our ship sail for, we have great occupancy. But we're focused on yield and so we're trying to drag demand like crazy because of the oldest economic rule there is, which is supply and demand. And so the more demand the more we can get yield, and that's what it’s about when the terms of actually physically sailing a lot more people you know where capacity constraint as an industry which is the place to be.
Arnold Donald: Yes, sure, first of all the new ships inherently give you a higher return on invested capital in general because of the mix of scale, the density, the efficiency, just the combination of everything and so you're going to build the new ships because they're inherently more efficient and position you for a stronger return on invested capital in all kind of environments. So, new ships are coming. Your question about does it encourage you or maybe cause acceleration of retirement you know that's more market demand question because as long as the ship is giving you the economic return across that there's always return on invested capital you want it, if the guests are happy with it, obviously that's step one and has to be relative to the guests. But the guests are happy with it and you're getting an economic return you're going to keep sales and when it gets to the point where the capital you have to put into it is so great you can't get a return to maintain that ship at the guest standards and the regulatory standards or what have you, then you will retire or if you get to the point where you know you just aren't creating sufficient demand for the capacity you have you're going to retire ships. So it’s an economic decision and we're always looking at each ship to see what the return is and what the alternatives there to drive the returns and the ship is unable in any environment and we look forward to get the kind of returns we need with the return on invested capital then that ship will ultimately either be sold off or scrapped.
Arnold Donald: Yes, I would say the newer ships today are getting even better returns obviously the industry is getting a better return. So you know in the past the industry was mid single digits or lower, industry is now creeping up and in our case, for our ships absolutely we're seeing a higher return on the new ships than we would have historically seen in the past on new ships. But we're driving our overall returns higher than we had in the past as well.
Arnold Donald: I think the impact would be slim to none. The reality is U.S. citizens have to have reasons to go lots of places and they get them as and vice versa all the people travel to U.S. and what have you. So, visa is not an unusual thing than travel and I think it would have a limited impact.
Arnold Donald: What I can tell you is that the base obviously of those to cruisers the first time haven't expanded and therefore an aggregate number is look like, we got a higher percentage of repeat cruises as today the thing you had in the past. And in terms of the capture rate is strong, is much stronger then it was in past, that I don’t know, I don’t think so, so it's just artifact of the numbers that the number repeat cruises is to the higher percentage today than it was in the past.  The trick was always as it works with the travel professionals to help people get on the right cruise for them, okay. If they get on the right cruise and their promoter scores are super high and the repeat is a given. If they get on the wrong cruise for them obviously you know that's a double problem. Number one, they may not repeat themselves, but also they're not going back telling their friends and family and colleagues, how wonderful cruise is and that hurts us even more. So the trick is to get them on the right cruise and we're working hard to do that and we've improved that for sure.
Arnold Donald: Yes, we can make changes pretty quickly, the ones that have been redirected to a port in Japan maybe not, the sea day ones almost certainly. So it's that we can reintroduce.
Arnold Donald: Well, it's absolutely fair, and also Majestic Princess even though she was purpose-built for China with some modifications she'd be free to sail anywhere in the world. I mean she would fit in the Princess brand. She still fits within the Princess brand and so we do have flexibility with the ship but we don't anticipate I mean we were excited about taking Majestic to China, having the first purpose built ship there we think there's opportunity for five fly cruise as we move the ship around the Chinese they fly somewhere and then cruise on Majestic which is you know purpose built for them so we think it's going to work really well, but the reality is for some reason it didn't. She's an outstanding ship that fits in the Princess fleet and we can move her anywhere.
