Josh Weinstein: Sure. So global momentum, I think that's probably the key term. It is global momentum. And so we're seeing strength from our North American brands, from our European brands. As you started hearing me say probably about six quarters ago, diversity sometimes it helps and sometimes you got to wait a little bit, because different places come out of different situations and different times, and this is the strength that we're seeing right now in this portfolio, and we're really hitting it on all cylinders, which is really gratifying. North America, the booking curve is higher than it's ever been and Europe, it's highest in the last 15 years. So the teams are doing a really good job of speaking to the consumer, pricing things right and getting people on our ships and happy. As far as 2025 goes, this is the first year that where we currently are where we've been able to stop firefighting in the short-term while figuring out how to also extend the booking curve and trying to do both of those things at once which is not an easy balance for revenue managers to have to do and the brands to do. So I do feel like we are firmly positioned and although it is early days as you heard us say on the call being ahead in bookings and ahead in pricing is a good place to be, and our team can really focus on optimizing that longer-term period, which is exactly what they're doing.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. At this point, I'll just tell you, it's global. It's the brands and it's the deployments. So the brands are doing an extraordinary good job of getting their messages out and getting people interested. And there's a hard a lot of hard work behind that across the commercial space. So I wouldn't give any shout outs one way or another because we're seeing it so broadly.
Josh Weinstein: I probably sound like a broken record here too. Right now our priority is generate all that free cash flow, pay down debt and restrengthen the balance sheet. And in that process returning value from the debt side to the equity holders. I can't wait to have those conversations, but I'd say that's premature. We've got a lot of work to do. And when we get there you'll be the first to know Steve.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. What we've talked about is you could almost look at this like a newbuild investment. And so from a newbuild perspective, we're looking for at least mid to high teens and we'd expect no less from our land based investments as well. And obviously, the beauty of Celebration Key is it will benefit across dozens of ships over time not one newbuild.
Josh Weinstein: We've looked at river cruising in the past, and I wouldn't say we'll never look at it again. It's just, it's a niche, and it's rather small. And for something like us to move the needle, it'd have to be pretty grand. And as you've heard me say before, Patrick, I think if we focus on our brands and we focus on doing all the things that we do in the normal course better, we'll make much more of an impact on this business.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. P&O Cruises in Australia is a bit unique. It's a dedicated brand to a tremendous market, but it's a small market. And so the ability to really grow a single source market brand of that size is not very feasible. And so we're going to get a lot of operational synergy out of the moves that we made with P&O Australia. We've been looking at our portfolio management for the last couple of years as you know moving ships from one brand to another retiring ships formulating our growth plans. We'll continue to do that. There's nothing on the horizon, but it's something we do on a very frequent basis to try to figure out how to optimize over time.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. So, obviously, we have a great relationship with Greece and its local communities and it's our job to make sure we're doing things sustainably. In fact, a lot of the news that's come up lately, these islands have had caps in place for many years and we work with them and we have worked with them. We'll continue to work with them as we can really figure out how to coincide with their needs as well. I mean, that's our job. So I don't expect anything incredibly disruptive. We unfortunately for us this is just par for the course, right? We do this all the time in lots of places and you've seen it work successfully in places like Dubrovnik. And we'll continue to partner with local communities who want our economic benefit and move on. It's a relatively, I mean, if you want context, just so you know, it's a relatively small part of our overall mix. You're talking low-single-digit percentages, but it's important to us and we want to show up and we want to show up well.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. New-to-cruise was up 10%, new-to-brand was up a little bit less about 6%. So we're pretty much moving forward with all components and as you heard brand repeaters is also up 10%.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. So on the same fleet, it's almost 50-50 between price and occupancy. It's a little bit more occupancy than price, but the per diems are there as well, which is really gratifying to see. As far as when our growth has to end, I wouldn't give you a timeline for that. I think all of the things that we've been talking about for the last two years are still in process. And we still have a lot of room to grow and making sure we're doing the right things as far as our creative marketing to reach the right people, the performance marketing and making sure we're getting in front of the right people in the right ways getting them to click through and book with us, book with our trade partners. The one great thing I'd say is whether it's a 25 year old ship with 2,000 guests or it's one of our newest with 5,500 guests, people love what we actually do. And we actually deliver on board and that's okay. Some coming back. So I don't see a natural ending point as long as we're focused on those things.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. I wouldn't peg it in any one particular quarter, given that there's always noise in the thing that you're comparing. But I'd say that we expect both North America and EU to show up on pricing over time in the normal course. I think it's particularly gratifying frankly that the EU brands not only were able to actually catch up on the occupancy, but to do so at significantly higher per diems means it's working. And so and I'd say the same thing for North America. I mean, yes, the per diems are a little bit lower, but at the end of the day, they've recovered quicker and they're still maintaining mid-single-digit pricing. So I think that bodes very well for the future.
Josh Weinstein: Yes, yes. So thank you, Brandt for the congratulations. 100%, I do feel that way. But also keep in mind, we give you up a very rolled up number when we say our occupancy is X and our booking curve is the farthest out in history. When we go through this with our teams and what they do on a daily basis, it is ship by ship, sailing by sailing, brand by brand to figure out what that optimal point is. And it could very well be that over time for lots of reasons you're not going to hear me say overall that we are increasing the booking curve. And that's okay. Our goal is not to get it as long as possible. It's to generate as much revenue as humanly possible by the time the ship leaves for sailing. And so there's a lot that goes into that mix. It's not just base loading, but what price are you base loading it at? How are you managing your metas against each other, the balconies versus the insides. I mean, so many variables go into it on a detailed basis and the output is what we talk about on this call. So the teams are very much aligned. Optimization does not mean elongation, it means optimization.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. Well, I'll start with the fact that every single one of them is showing significant improvement year-over year-in ROIC which I'd expect. They were all coming from a different starting point back in the pre-pause world. So one of them is actually above where they were, one of them is at where they were and one of them is below where they were. But I'd say it's a little bit irrelevant because of the brand that's actually higher. I expect it to be even higher because 2019 wasn't very good for them. So from my perspective, the good news in this is none of them yet are at 12% ROIC. All of them have the potential to do that and we've got plans in place for them to do that over time. So progress across the board.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. Well, that's a deep question, right? So everybody is engaging differently than they did 5 and 10 years ago, because everybody is getting more comfortable with everything digital and everything online. So that's a shift that's not just about millennials, it's about society. And when it comes to our mix, we've got brands that might be one or two years younger at average age than they were before the pandemic. We've got some that might be a year older. In the grand scheme of things, it's not a huge swing. We've got and you also got to remember with us, we've got brands that really do cater to a younger generation like a Carnival, like an AIDA. And they're going to be outsized in our portfolio mix when it comes to attracting millennials. We don't just want millennials though. I can't say it strongly enough, a brand like Holland America, a brand like Cunard, it is playing in a place where they need and want people that have time and money, which generally leads to an older crowd, a crowd that has time on their hands because maybe they're not working anymore. And so I'm very happy that we're getting a broad church because we are across the board. But make no mistake we're happy with our mix and we're happy to take many folks in the boomer generation and Gen X, Gen Y, Gen Z you name it. So we want it all.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. We're going to -- for us, we're going to do some minimal CapEx investment primarily on the ships to get the IP stacks aligned to Carnival Cruise Line. But from a guest experience standpoint, we don't have to do much with those ships and they're great for that market. We obviously have in this particular instance because we're effectively sunsetting a brand. There are some one-time costs that we're absorbing, but it's really quite small. So nothing really significant to speak of.
Josh Weinstein: I mean, so thanks for the kind words for us. As you heard, we gave you our forecast for effectively for each of the quarters by giving you the third quarter and the full year. So you can see we're expecting continued progress, continued mid-single-digit type of price improvements over time. With respect to any one competitor in the cruise space, because you got to remember we're not just competing with cruise companies, we're competing with vacation companies to get the traveler thinking about taking their vacation with us. None of it should be disruptive to us in the grand scheme of things. Given our size and scope, given the strength of our brands, given the continued focus that our brands have in differentiating themselves even further and providing amazing experiences. It's really our job to perform no matter what some nameless brand, which I have a feeling I know which one you're talking about, how you described it, how they choose to operate. And if we've seen this in markets all over the world. And yet here we are with record revenues, record per diems and really great momentum.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. If you recall last year and you actually heard David earlier on the call, we basically got back to historical occupancy levels in the second half of last year. So there's a little bit more opportunity on the occupancy side certainly in Q3 where we were a little farther behind in that range than we were by the time we got to Q4. But really as we move forward into 2025 and beyond, we got to get the demand to keep that momentum up on the mid-single-digit type of price increases that we want to push for. There will always be opportunities at the fringes and but as you've heard me say before, the reason why we're not giving you guidance on occupancy with specificity is we want to make sure that our brands are doing the right thing in managing the revenue and managing the curve and not simply trying to make an occupancy target to the point or decimal point at the expense of doing something they shouldn't be doing with the pricing. So our goal is very much how do we generate the most yield over time, which is that combination of the price and occupancy and making sure we kind of nail the dismount there.
Josh Weinstein: Listen, we got through 2020, and I got three kids, so not much keeps me up at night. When it comes to this, I mean, anything within our control, I feel very comfortable that the team we can manage it all, frankly. And so I don't worry much about Black Swan because you really can't spend your life worried about Black Swan or you'll have a miserable life. So our attitude is we got to keep performing. We'll take what people throw at us and the world throws at us and we'll adapt and modify what we need to do as needed and move on. And the greatest part about this business from that perspective is we're mobile. And when you have that mobility, it gives you a lot of flexibility to figure things out.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. Yes. Thanks, Dan. So you nailed the three components that are going to really be the things that drive the returns on Celebration Key. It's going to be incremental price because of the demand. It's going to be incremental spending on the island which we call onboard spending in this circumstance and fuel savings because of its location. We're not breaking those out for people. But yes to answer your question that did factor into really 2026 benefit for us as we think -- as we're thinking through that three year plan. It's fairly minimal for next year when it comes to the uplift because it's a fairly insignificant amount of our overall capacity that's hitting it as we ramp in starting in the second half of next year. But those were the three components, yes.
Josh Weinstein: And ultimately though, we're doing that for the right reasons as we I think I can't remember if we talked about this on the last call or not. I think we did. AIDA is one of our highest returning brands and we've gushed about them for a long time and this is going to make significant enhancements to their existing fleet, which is a great investment for us because we can get outsized returns on those investments. And then to your I think you were asking a question about advertising specifically as well. You're right, we might have flat capacity growth, but remember we're selling cruises that go beyond the current year. We're thinking well into the future as our brands do try to optimize whatever that booking curve is for that particular brand. I do not have a mandate or a cap or a floor on our spending for advertising, right? The key is what are we spending it on? How is it going to be effective? Is it going to generate incremental and outsized revenue for whatever that initiative might be in the marketing space? And we go through those plans with our brands not only every year as part of the planning process, but throughout the year I'm talking to my President to make sure we're being thoughtful. And so there's no -- there truly is no predetermined outcome. I think as you've seen we have significantly stepped up where we were before the pandemic to where we are now. It's been working. It's been helping to support the results that we've talked about today and the momentum that we've got and we'll continue to look at it critically.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. So just to clarify, it wasn't a new initiative. It was just more focus and ensuring we had the right resources, the right capabilities and the right approaches. So that's I'd be shocked if we're ever at a point in time where we're not talking about performance marketing and how do we keep progressing it. I mean, the world changes around us, which is going to dictate we've got to always be nimble and thinking about how do we adapt to that consumer and how that consumer is going to see things and digest things and making sure we're actually being as forward thinking as we can to stay ahead of that curve. So as far as how it happens, it certainly does not happen from me. It doesn't happen from a centralized corporate group in Miami, because different brands are sourcing from different source markets, different segments, etcetera. So our six operating units really have teams that are focused on that for their brands to make sure we're doing it as optimally as we can.
Josh Weinstein: Yes, sure. So as you heard, so we want to continue to be the cost leader. I think they're not --they don't have to be mutually exclusive though. And so we have been bringing more cost into reinvesting in the business. And it's not just our marketing, it has been our marketing. I think it's what 18% per ALBD versus pre 17% to 18% per ALBD since before the pandemic. So certainly we see the value of that. But if you think about our onboard experience and making sure we're providing amazing food alternatives and services, we're reinvesting in bandwidth. We're spending more on bandwidth than we ever have and it's generating outsized returns because people love the service. It's land like and it's something people are willing to pay for. So there's examples up and down the P&O where we're very happy to reinvest to drive the right behaviors to get the revenue that we're looking for. I don't have a metric. I don't have a metric that says this is how much we're going to do in any particular quarter or any particular year. I mean clearly our operating margin, we still got work to do. Our EBITDA margins, if we get to June guidance, it WILL be about a five point bump from last year and it leaves us a few points short of where we were in 2019. So we got more work to do and so the team is very focused on it. And that will come from both sides though to your point. It won't just be cutting costs. We got to make sure we're doing the right things to drive that revenue.
Josh Weinstein: Okay. Well, thanks everybody for joining the call today and look forward to talking to you again in September. Thank you.
David Bernstein: Yes. So Josh also talked about the portfolio modifications we made, which should help in 2025 as well as Celebration Key. And keep in mind, on top of that, we also don't have capacity increase next year. It's relatively flat. So I hope that should provide us with some pricing power in 2025 as we move through the booking cycle.
David Bernstein: Yes. As far as cost is concerned, in the second quarter, remember, we did identify cost savings, but the majority of the favorability was timing between the quarters. But if you look broadly at the year, we are seeing a number of opportunities in the sourcing area, other efficiencies as well. So it is broad based. There isn't one any one particular item. Our teams are working hard all across the board and there are hundreds of cost savings items that flowed into that full year savings.
David Bernstein: And let me add to that, because we are still in tremendous value compared to land based alternatives. And so as we continue to close that value gap, and raise the price, we should be able to continue the progression over time. And on top of that, keep in mind that, as Josh, I think, mentioned on his last call, the service levels on land based resorts have deteriorated. And on our ships, we're doing a great job keeping our guest satisfaction levels up. And people it's a hassle free vacation, and people love to cruise. And so we are expect to keep demand generation's efforts high. And hopefully, we can continue to see price improvements. And as Josh said, prices are up in 2025 in our book position, and we expect to see that continue.
David Bernstein: And on the flip side, there'll be some operational efficiencies, which will also save costs on the P&O as well.
David Bernstein: So it clearly is from a cost perspective, Celebration Key will add cost, but hopefully and we do anticipate that it will be a great return and the benefits on the revenue and the onboard spend side and the fuel savings side. So it is we're not managing to any particular line item. We're managing to our operating income and our bottom line, and we're not afraid to invest in Celebration Key to make it a great success. While we're on the cost for 2025, I guess the only other thing I'd add on that front is we do also we announced the AIDA evolution program and those ships will be going into drydock. So we will also see an increase in drydock days in 2025 versus '24, which will also have a corresponding impact on cost.
David Bernstein: Well, to start with, if you look at our whole portfolio, about 15% of our debt profile is variable rate debt. So as you saw in the earnings release, I think it's at a 100 basis point reduction in interest rates would benefit the back half of the year, I think, was 23 million or for the full year, it's double that. But really, from a rate cut perspective, we're in an environment where for us, we're an improving credit. And hopefully, our interest rate, our future interest rates will come down not just because of rate cuts but because of the improving credit and the lower credit spreads. And on top of that, we would expect to do some refinancings. And those refinancings should drive our interest expense down. So we do have some very good opportunities that we're looking at in the future, which should be net present value positive. And we'll keep evaluating that, and you'll hear more about refinancing over time.
