Arnold Donald: Directionally, onboard with the comparable in terms of percent change year-to-year and comparable to prior year.
Arnold Donald: Yes, I guess the industry capacity of all is going to be up 6% next year in the Caribbean and we're going to be up 5% roughly. But again, we actually have less inventory to book now than we did this point in time last year. So, we feel very strong at this point. We still have to get through wave season, it's still early. But things are looking very positive. And all of our indicators -- our brands have done a great job of creating demand, especially on Carnival brand continue to outperform the Caribbean and did again this year. For us, we have added some new capacity, primarily in the form the Carnival Vista. The ship is spectacular. She is going to command premium yields and premium booking position and have demonstrated that already. So, we are very confidence. The other good news is we have a large base, especially in Carnival brand. Previous cruise scores that will introduce our new ship because we don't tend to it every year. We have a large base of previous cruisers set to book with us. So, our the pendent on cruise while we still need new recruits is not over-weighted. So, we feel very confident at this point based on what we see in the Caribbean.
Arnold Donald: Yes. No, absolutely. I think first of all, it is a headwind that have obviously currency and few -- both move against U.S. at the same time which has rarely have ever happened before. And it's happening with a pretty significant impact obviously. But said that we also have a lot of momentum on a number of fronts. Not just in cost and payment, but in driving yield and then with some small capacity addition that helps us as well. But we had multiple pass all along. When we declared double-digit, fuel prices were much higher than they were the last few years and we are now looking at next year at basically being on balance net of fuel in currency where we were when we declared double-digit returns as capital. So, we have no reason to back off from that goal. We have multiple pathways including obviously increased yields, but also in terms of managing more efficiently. Then all the tools we have in place. We have new management tool in place that will begin to kick-in and we'll see the full effect on about half of our brands by 2018. We've done a lot of work and the brands have in creating additional demand. We have a lot more cruise scores in our base of previous cruise scores. We have much more collaboration and coordination communication across our brands to not only contain cost, to help us manage cost as you see reflected in the cost guidance, but also frankly to share best practices and drive yield further. So, we have a number of things in place. We have a lot of momentum and we are committed and we will deliver.
Arnold Donald: While he is looking the overall position next year and Med for the industry, it's going to be pretty good, because basically there will be a probably half of the reduction in Med next year. Go ahead David.
Arnold Donald: Just general comments. We had a couple of incidents I guess, the German situation and the situation in Turkey. But the reality is that we weathered those storms for the past several years and as long as the world continues in the general state it is, people have chosen to continue to travel and long as people travel, we're going to be in good shape. If things were ever to obviously get exacerbated and people were afraid to travel than we'll have a challenge, but that has not happened recent times with all the various incidents that have occurred and so we have no reason at this point in time to have a higher level of concern.
Arnold Donald: It is. We only have about 30% of the inventory for the six brands that have the new tool. Currently we manage because obviously we're well ahead on booking, so it's only effect so much of 2017, but by 2018, we'll have the full impact for the inventory in those six brands. But we already benefited somewhat from the sharing the best practices across the brands and the development of the two and the sharing of what they do. So, the answer is yes, it is factored in as one of many factors that contribute yield.
Arnold Donald: That's going to be board decision as I mentioned we have above $400 million left and we will continue to buy as we have in the past.
Arnold Donald: What I can tell you Harry little color on your other question on the revenue management system is obviously we just put in place and there will be continuous learning so we think overtime contribution from another team absolutely love working with the two.
Arnold Donald: Good morning, James. Happy Holidays. So first of all, we’re going to Cuba again we are really privileged that we were the first in doing -- pave the way for the rest of the industry we still as I mention in the opening remarks or have more calls to Cuba than any other major U.S. Cruise Company. So we feel very good about our position in Cuba. Along with everyone else, we submitted our request for additional sailing through beginning of June period and thereafter as just the planning cycle in Cuba and we are in a process of receiving the authorizations from Cuba as we speak here now about that. But we have every intention of cruising to Cuba we have expectation one or more of our brands will be approved from June time period on until May s I mentioned we have more sailing team than anyone else. In terms of the Fathom, Adonia was basically a sort of internal charter on the brand charter to just average to concept and so obviously its position us to introduce in Cuba and we are going to probably – we are going to go with larger ships and multiple brands in Cuba with regard to the DR we are also going with multiple brands for Fathom, so Fathom is being expanded across the number of brands in DR. The only ground experienced have resonated greatly with the guest and we will take some of the onboard supplement don't you and travel on to the other brands but emphasis of course is the on the ground experiences in DR and continue to have the opportunity for travelers they have that travel experience and for DR to reap the benefits of the impact of having those travels working alongside impact clear as already in the DR they are doing great work.
Arnold Donald: Well, First of all, you touched on couple of other points there. We have expanded distribution that improves the B2B aspect of what we are doing there. But we're going to have tougher comparisons in the first half of the year in China with yields and so based on what happened in the last half of the year, you might expect yields to be down in the first half of the year comparison basis, but then your expectations are that it will be up in the second half of the year. So, on balance will see wetlands but China for us is a volume growth story, it’s a return story. The yield that we have experienced this past year are certainly still generating good returns we see possibility for increasing yields, but our focus again is continuing high-level occupancy that we have, continue delivering a great experience the Chinese guests to be in positions to expand.
Arnold Donald: Yes. Thanks, Jamie for the question. First of all, the capital is been employed in that initiative is kind of part of low level 3% to 5% of our total capital spending that we look at basically research and development innovation. And so we have invested along the way all this time, as we delivered the earnings we delivered in that manner to position us and have the opportunity to introduce this particular -- truly it’s a guest experience it’s driven by technology, but the technology obviously to the guest will be invisible and we're excited about the potential. The guest ultimately will decide and we're prepared, but fundamentally for your planning purpose, we look at 3% to 5% level of innovation and research and development investment in capital and we feel that is appropriate for company of our scale and it gives us plenty of dollars to try to create breakthroughs which we think obviously this current introduction that will be reviewed -- revealed on January 5th.
Arnold Donald: Australia remains a big growth market for our cruise growing 20% so I don’t know how many years 10 years plus. So, it was a very strong cruise market. When we make decisions like that, you just have to keep in mind, it's very holistic. There are a gazillion variables that go into play. One obviously Carnival Brand is doing very, very well here in this States, but also we have multiple home ports in the U.S. We distribute fleet around U.S. for Carnival and certain places takes certain ships, certain places kind of certain size ships and so on. And balancing all that out makes the difference. And similarly to in Australia, certain size ships can fit and when we look at the destinations, but we've had so much success with Carnival, we're looking at expanding the opportunity for Carnival brand while at the same time, still giving really guest-ready and guest-preferred hard well in Australia market. So, there's only so many shipyards, we've only built so many ships a year and we have to allocate things and we're always trying to optimize. But it's holistic decision involving a lot of variables, deployment, itinerary, relative yield contribution, a number of things.
Arnold Donald: Yes. So, just remember that China represents even with increased next an introduction of the Majestic Princess first built ship for China and our Princess line will introduce, will represent less than 6% of our capacity. So, just keep that in mind. We'll see where yields end up, okay. Again, it’s a B2B business and in terms of guidance, of course, we put it in, we don't give brand-by-brand and total geography-by-geography yield. So, I won't do it for China either. But we're giving you good description I think of once you kind of get that. The message we like you guys to hear clearly is that is return under the business and with all the concerns we expressed this year on China as well as concerns expressed in lots of other areas and whatnot. You can see what we're able to deliver and ultimate results. We're very, very bullish on China long-term. We have great partners and CSSC and we -- our relationship there is growing stronger and stronger. We're moving forward together to help build longstanding sustainable cruise industry in China, which has been declared in the five-year plan by the Chinese government. So, we're bullish, but it’s a slow walk. We can only send so many ships and so on and so we feel really confident overall.
Arnold Donald: The trends have been positive overall, but we have to redo a number of itineraries along the way that has cost us in terms of opportunity in 2016. But that is all part of our business and so again on balance, we give guidance the numbers we feel are reasonable. We know the world is a volatile place and so we factor that into everything we do. But sure, anything that's positive, in end obviously helps us and the North American brands have a number of itineraries plan in Europe and our guests are looking forward to them and we're looking forward to get capturing the value for them.
Arnold Donald: Yes, so Robin, first of all good morning to you and I'm a little surprised, you're usually much earlier in the calls on your questions.
Arnold Donald: But I'm concerned in Cuba, look, today we have down years 700 passenger ship. So, the reality is you can barely find the numbers. But even though the ship is getting a premium price and is selling out and so on. And so as you look at it, again, Cuba will be slow expansion and so we'll have additional itineraries going there, so will have more than one brand once we get the final approvals from the Cuban authorities. But they have constraints in the number of birds and the size of the birds and what size ships you can get and so on. So, financially, to be candid with you is important and the margin is certainly important for the brands. But the most important thing is positioning for the longer haul and positioning to lift overall demand and interest in the Caribbean and ultimately because of that create additional opportunity for capturing more of the value through increase on yields. And so Cuba is a longer term play, but you have to build it today and that's what we're doing. But in terms of the financial impact on the corporation, you couldn’t find it probably.
Arnold Donald: Well, again, you got to look at the holistic, there is a lot going on there. You got first of all, different course, different seasons. We're one of the few companies that commit a year around, so the Tianjin market is different, the Shanghai market so on and so forth. So, there's a lots of things that moving that, but here is the real answer fundamental, I don't know I answer your question. Yes, we expect returns overall to be better in 2017 than they were in 2016 and returns have grown reasonably consistently in China. The most important thing for us is the way we do deployment. We know that the returns are better than what the deployments would have generate for us and that's the key for us and operating, so overall we're lifting our overall performance. But it does represent 5% of our capacity. So, it did in 2016 and little bit less than 6% in 2017. So, as we move forward, we're looking at building that market, but we're doing in a way where as we grow it, we're seeing higher returns than we would have seen otherwise. And there's a natural constraint on the pace of growth because we have large addressable markets everywhere in the world that are underpenetrated, everywhere in the world, including in North America. And so we can't send all the ships to China and we need new additional capacity in the other places in the world to optimize the ultimate yield and bottom-line return.
Arnold Donald: If you were to take the accounting re-class out as you referenced and looked at the guidance we gave this time last year, you'll see our guidance is actually stronger this year at this time than it was last year. Keep in mind, we haven’t gotten away season yet. We know the world is a volatile place; we just talked about it and -- even things that happened yesterday. So, we give you our best guidance realizing that the world is full of things - it's full of typhoons and cyclones and hurricane and is filled with unexpected things like Brexit or Zika or whatever. And so we give you the guidance as we did last year and if you look at it, you would say okay they are giving stronger guidance this year at this point time than they did last year, which reflects the difference and the difference is last year were hit on booking as lower price this point in time, now we're had bookings with higher prices at this time. And so you'll see us give a little strong yield guidance. Now, keep in mind also, you're coming off a higher base. The comparisons are getting tougher and tougher as we grow yields. In the end people take money to the bank not percentages, right. And so the absolute dollar increase I guess so you have to look at all that too. But bottom-line is we're confident, we -- at this point in time with the qualifiers that we haven't gotten away. The world is a strange and mysterious place and it's volatile, but factoring that in and it's been volatile the last many years and we've been delivering and that's our intention for 2017 as well.
Arnold Donald: The demand environment, you mean from consumers and general or from potential guests. I would say that two or three months ago, that's a good question. I would say this. Our brands continue to do an outstanding job of exceeding guest expectations when the guests are onboard and they continue to do an outstanding job of creating more demand for their particular targeted segments. And our public relations more broadly has done a good job of providing an umbrella effect of getting people to increasingly consider cruise when they are thinking about vacation holidays. The last two to three months were global business. Every year there is a recession somewhere or this or that or whatever and if you would talk in globally for our business, I could not say that the last two or three months I see a change in global consumer attitudes or anything like that consistently. What I can say is we definitely see strength and we've seen strength for a while that we're building on that and taking advantage of it.
Arnold Donald: I can't say yes to a bell curve. I wish things were that orderly, but they are not. But thank you for your question.
Arnold Donald: Hey everyone, a sincere Happy Holidays. Thanks for your continued interest. We will obviously as always -- our people will work very hard to exceed the expectations we put in place and we hope everyone has a safe and wonderful holiday. And I hope some of you are taking a cruise.
David Bernstein: Yes, overall, Steve I went through in my notes all the different areas of the globe, both for the North American brands as well as the EAA brands. Arnold touched on China. Remember China is a late booking market and as a result of that it is early, and Australia which I didn't mention, we are in good shape in Australia as well. It is a small piece of our business, not nearly as large as the other piece that I mentioned. So, overall booking trends are good and we're very encouraged.
David Bernstein: Yes. Overall, the comment, did you break it down. It's very similar for both markets as I mentioned for the year occupancy is well ahead and the prices are nicely higher for both Med as well as North American for the EAA brands.
David Bernstein: The EAA and the Caribbean I had indicated was I could see was lower than the prior year, prices that are in line.
David Bernstein: At this point in time for the North American brands, the Med with the reduced occupancy in the Med, the pricing in the Med seems to be doing much better into Northern Europe in terms of being up more than Northern Europe.
David Bernstein: We have less to sell, as Arnold indicated, than we did at this time last year despite the capacity increase. So, clearly, it's a zero-sum game and we can only book so much, we only have so much capacity, so we do need less during wave and the remainder of the year for 2017 and we'll be looking to push pricing up and try to continue to do better than our guidance.
David Bernstein: You asked about cash flow for 2017, at the midpoint of our guidance, the cash flow from operation should be close to the $5 billion mark. We do have about $3 billion in CapEx for 2017. So, we do have roughly $2 billion of free cash flow. Our existing dividend is close to $1 billion, so we do have some extra money over and above the dividend to return to shareholders as well as we have some room in our credit metrics to continue to potentially increase that and return free cash flow more to shareholders.
David Bernstein: Yes, it’s just mid-point for the first quarter is 2% versus 2.5% approximately for the year. The first quarter had tougher comparisons in the prior year but keep in mind were only talking about a 0.5% here and so we give your best guess for each and every member.
David Bernstein: And the second part we announced was the Carnival Splendor moving to P&O Australia. So, we are continuing to grow that brand within Australia.
David Bernstein: And the second part of the question, you had asked about where we stand in China. Given the historical averages where we booked and give or take generally speaking we start the year roughly about half book, but I did indicate before that China is a much later booking market, every country is different. And so they are closer in booking market less than that overall.
David Bernstein: And remember Robin Majestic gets to China in July, so that's consistent with the comments made -- Arnold made about the first half versus the second half.
David Bernstein: First of all, I didn’t say that exactly half was booked; I said generally speaking that the historical average give or take we enter the year approximately half booked. I wasn’t trying to give you an exact number. I was just trying to do that relative to China being less than that. So, our pricing is up at this point and we do continue to expect to see pricing continue to be up in the rest of the year and finished the year on an overall basis as we say approximately 2.5%.
David Bernstein: That's a very hard. There's so many moving parts and so many moving pieces particularly when you get out to the fourth quarter where we have a very small -- relatively a very small percentage book. So, we give you our best guess for the year, we give you our best guess for the next quarter. It's fair to say that given the two numbers, the remaining three quarters of the year is above the 2.5% because we have 2% for the first quarter. And at this point in time that is about as much information as we can give.
