David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin, please note all of my references to revenue, ticket prices and cost metrics will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. I'll start today with a summary of our 2019 first quarter results. Then I'll provide an update on current booking trends for the remaining three quarters of 2019 and finish up with some additional color on our 2019 March guidance. As Arnold indicated, our adjusted EPS for the first quarter was $0.49. This was $0.07 above the midpoint of our December guidance. The improvement was driven by two things, $0.02 of favorability in net cruise revenue, and $0.06 of favorability in net cruise costs without fuel and other expense items, mainly due to timing between the quarters. Both favorable items were partially offset by a $0.01 unfavorable net impact from fuel pricing currency. Now, let's look at our first quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 4.1%. Our North America and Australia segment or commonly known as our NAA brands was up 5%, while our Europe and Asia segment more commonly known as our EA brand was up 2.5%. Our total net revenue yields were up 0.5%. Now, let's break apart the two components of net revenue yield. Net ticket yields were down 0.4%. Our NAA brands were flat, while our EA brands were down 0.7%. Both segments had tough prior year comparison. However, I did want to note that Caribbean yields turned positive in the first quarter on an 8% capacity increase, also against tough prior year comparisons. Net on board and other yields increased 3.1% with similar increases on both sides of the Atlantic. In summary, our first quarter adjusted EPS was $0.03 lower than last year, as a result of the net impact of fuel pricing currency costing $0.03, with small operational pluses and minuses offsetting each other. Turning to 2019 booking trends, as Arnold indicated, wave season was consistent with the strength in demand we experienced going into the year. Booking volumes for the remaining three quarters of 2019 have been running ahead of the prior year at prices that are in line with last year. Let's not forget that this wave season activity is on top of two consecutive years of record wave season. While prices on overall bookings during wave season are in line with the prior year, prices for our NAA brands were higher, but were offset by our EA brands, driven by their sourcing in Continental Europe. At this point in time, cumulative advanced bookings for the remaining three quarters of 2019 are ahead of the prior year at prices that are in line with last year.  Now, let's drill down into the cumulative book position for 2019. Cumulative advanced bookings for our NAA brands are ahead of the prior year on both occupancy and price, driven by nicely higher prices in the Caribbean and the seasonal European program, while prices in Alaska are lower than last year's record levels. Cumulative advanced bookings for our EA brands are well ahead of the prior year at lower prices, again, driven by our EA brand sourcing in Continental Europe.  During the last year, we have made revenue management decisions, which we believe will optimize our net revenue yield growth for 2019. In fact, even with an overall 4.6% capacity increase, we have less inventory remaining for sale than we had at this time last year.  Finally, I want to provide you with some additional color on 2019. Our adjusted EPS guidance for 2019 is $4.35 to $4.55 versus $4.26 for 2018. The midpoint of our March guidance is $0.20 less than the midpoint of our December guidance, driven by the net impact of fuel pricing currency costing $0.22. We expect higher fuel prices will cost us an additional $0.28, while we are forecasting to benefit from currency movement by $0.06.  In addition, we flow through the $0.02 revenue beat from the first quarter. All other operational changes were small and netted out. One final note for those of you who are trying to forecast the remaining quarters of 2019, we expect most of the 2019 adjusted EPS improvement versus 2018 to occur in the third quarter, which has the easiest prior year yield comparison.  And now, I'll turn the call back over to Arnold.
David Bernstein: So, Robin, when we put together our December guidance, the numbers were relatively close, some of it was driven by the -- in the first quarter, but the improvement that we saw, 3.1% increase in on-boarding other revenue, those numbers are very difficult to pinpoint each quarter. So overall, we are -- we started out the year with about flat, first half of the year, we beat the first quarter and we didn't see anything changing significantly in the second quarter. So we just maintain the flat yield guidance for the second quarter. The difference between the quarters at all and we're just not that good for a half a point between the first quarter and the second quarter.
David Bernstein: Yeah. So, you know that, overall for the year, I think I said in December, we guide to approximately 2% in onboard overall. The number isn’t exactly 2% by quarter, but the overall is approximately 2%. And as I said before, it's very difficult to say exactly what comes in, the itineraries in the markets are very different. There are lots of other programs we can roll out. And we continue to see a strong trend in onboard revenue, and we hope we can do better -- continue to do better in future quarters as well.
David Bernstein: I don't think anything materially changed from our viewpoint in December if anything, it’s probably a tad better in Europe. We did split the world that I talked about the NAA brands being at higher prices and the EA brands, their book position being at lower prices. So, if you look at our overall yield guidance for the year, it really is a tale of two different worlds. The NAA brands are probably looking at guidance for the year that’s probably double our overall corporate guidance, whereas for our EA brands, you're looking at sort of flattish overall yields built in, and that's how you get to the combined 1%. But nothing has materially changed since December, like I said, probably a tad better than we anticipated.
David Bernstein: So the higher yield guidance in the first quarter was worth $0.02. You're just talking about $0.02 in EPS overall. And so there's still a lot left to go and the uncertainty in onboard and other, and so at this point in time, we're maintaining our guidance for the year operationally overall. There's a lot of other unknown factors, hurricane seasons and lots of other things out there. So we always provide for that and hopefully we have a good hurricane season. But we're in a good well booked position as we had indicated, we’re ahead of the prior year on increased -- 4.6% increase capacity and we feel very good about our overall situation.
David Bernstein: So, for the second half of the year, obviously, given the first quarter yield, and the second quarter guidance, the second quarter clearly is going to be up over 1% in order to get to the first half, sorry, second half over 1%, in order to get to the average for the year of 1%. That is a combination of onboard as well as ticket in the back half of the year. And, we are, when we look at the overall booking trends, particularly in our NAA brands, which I said we're ahead at higher prices, we are seeing that being reflected in the numbers and we feel confident that we can achieve that. The EA brands are off setting some of that, as we had talked about over the last couple of quarters.
David Bernstein: Yeah, I mean, we are seeing -- we do have 17 ships in Alaska. We've got an 8% capacity increase. There are, overall, when you put it all together, the book position, we did say was down versus pricing in line, but keep in mind in December, it was very, very early for Alaska. As you get into wave season, you see a much more substantial portion of Alaska being booked. And -- but remember that 2018 was record pricing in Alaska. And so overall, we feel very good about our pricing it, for the various brands we have up there.
David Bernstein: Sure. So the revenue management strategy we feel has been very successful that we're optimizing the yield for 2019 in total. As I said in my prepared remarks, we did make some revenue management decisions over the last year. We were ahead, in some cases, we were considerably ahead and we have been seeing good improvement close in and overtime. And as far as the UK is concerned, we had said, as Arnold said, there is uncertainty relating to Brexit. The UK is doing okay. But clearly had it not been for the uncertainty, we probably would have done perhaps a little bit better in the UK. It's really hard to – you will never know for sure.
David Bernstein: Certainly, I think your point that you're trying to make is if you compare it to a land based vacation, particularly in the UK, they're paying in British pounds, and it's British pounds on board. So there is less uncertainty, relative to the currency movement and -- versus taking a land based alternative. 
David Bernstein: Arnold said in his prepared remarks, I mean, the ongoing economic malaise in Continental Europe and all of the heightened political uncertainty in Germany and France is clearly affecting our overall market in Continental Europe.
David Bernstein: Yeah, we're just talking about a couple of million dollars. It was probably six cruises that were impacted, but nothing material, just your normal. Brisbane was impacted by the hurricane and some ships came in late in your normal occurrence.
David Bernstein: And there's also significantly more retail space and chops on board, which is a significant contributor to onboard revenue in that market, high end chops in particular.
David Bernstein: Oh, when I said tad better, I was just referring to the overall booking situation of what I expected in Europe versus, in December versus what we've actually seen happen over the last three months. It's small movements and clearly it's been, like I said, it's had positive, but nothing that is significantly to our guidance at this point.
David Bernstein: So for 2020, we haven't given out any particular guidance, but I think we’ve said overall in the past, that given the size of our company, any mix overall on a yield perspective for the overall corporation tends to be rather small in our overall numbers. So, but we will analyze that as we go forward into 2020 and we prepare guidance, and we'll let you know if anything changes.
David Bernstein: No, I won't try to predict the price of HFO or bunker or MGL for 2020. But, we have said that in 2019, about 80% of our consumption is bunker and 20% is MGL. We've also indicated that as we move into 2020, we do expect to see about a third of our consumption be MGL. So, it's really hard to tell. Most people are expecting a increase in MGL and a reduction in HFO price as we move into 2020 for the demand. It depends on the direction of each movement and the balance. It's a close call at this point, whether it will be up or down. We do get the benefit on two-thirds if bunker goes down. And we do have, at the end of this year, we expect to have 88 ships equipped with advanced air quality systems, we will continue to implement more across our fleet. So that third, the consumption being MGL, that will decrease overtime back to 20 and even below 20% as we move forward. So operator, we will take one more question.
David Bernstein: We have had solid bookings for our European itineraries, both for our North American brands as well as our EA brands. And so I haven't noticed anything in particular in May, over the last few years. But I will ask around and see if I can get any more information on that. 
David Bernstein: No, because you're taking this ship out of service and there's no ALBDs. It actually has a impact on cost, because you do still continue to have some cost per crew and other things during the dry dock period. But there are no ALBDs associated with it.
Arnold Donald: I think Robin, just the overall guidance for the year just reinforces what we've seen so far. It just gives us confidence on the guidance we've given for the year and we certainly don't see any weakening or anything like that in terms of yield.
Arnold Donald: First of all, as you know, we've got double digit capacity increase in Europe in kind of uneven economic environment. But the reality is, the bookings are strong and we're doing some proactive management. Our yield management teams have decided to be way ahead on occupancy relative, given the capacity increases. And so hopefully we'll have an opportunity to deliver flattish yields or whatever for the course of the year, but the most important thing is to grow earnings. And we are anticipating earnings growth in Europe with the combination of what's going on, but right now we feel solid in where we are. We feel confident and strong again with the guidance and with the fact we're going to grow earnings.
Arnold Donald: We have less volume to go now than we had this time last year, even with the overall capacity increase. So that's, again, reinforcing what you just said, a very strong indicator of successful demand creation, but we're really focused on earnings and I understand people look at yields and it's really difficult to do these comparisons because you had a basketball, orange and a ping pong ball in terms of theirs. And, the comparisons aren't that meaningful because we have such a different mix. We have nine brands with, some are below the fleet average, some are above and so on and so forth. So those are difficult things as we focus on the earnings, growing earnings are growing return on invested capital. But, again, you're right. Things have been strong. And what we have a ways to go when that all the way through yet and we're just as always allowing for things to happen, because there have been headwinds, and there will probably be few shares at once.
Arnold Donald: I would say it’s a couple of things. First of all, when you think about the comparisons to prior year, we had tougher comparisons early. So the second half comparisons are not as difficult. So when we start talking and comparing yields first half, second half, you've got a plus from that. In terms of pure pricing, our revenue yield sciences and deploying yield and all the tools we’re using, they're constantly chasing what's going to create the optimal outcome. And that varies by brand, by itinerary and is built up itinerary by itinerary. So the simple answer to your question is, of course, we're seeing pricing strengthening, as you get close in. Of course, you are. And so we also are saying we're going to have second half yield much strong than the first half yield.  But what we're really saying is we're going to drive earnings and earnings are going to grow this year and in the future, they're going to grow double digit on average, earnings are going to grow this year at single digits, we're working hard to make sure we do even better. And we're going to elevate return on invested capital. So that's the real message but the yield story for us is relatively complex. We've got luxury brands, premium brands, we have nine brands, , different world markets, et cetera. And even when within a brand, there can be yield improvement, it can weigh down the average to our corporation if that brand is below the fleet average. So, it's a complex thing. But overall, the simple answer to your question is, of course, we see strengthening as we close in, we've got less the book.
Arnold Donald: We have less to sell. So I think we're in good shape now. And Europe, it had been all along, it’s just, again, we are along our original guidance there. We -- nothing has weakened or worsened or anything like that.
Arnold Donald: Okay, so let's just focus on earnings, because that's a good part. So if you look at the 5%, 6%, that’s directionally accurate with what you calculated. We obviously, this year, we have some shifts coming in late in the year. We've got anticipated increased levels of capacity coming for the next several years. So we've obviously, from a cost standpoint, spent more this year in advance of actually having the capacity, what it will take for us to do double digit, I think 1% of yield is equal to something like 25% of earnings per share increase and 1% of cost. It's like 3%. So some combination of one more percent in yield or less and 1% better cost performance was, we are directionally capable of doing or even better, and you're at a double digit earnings growth with the capacity we have.  And so, that's why we have the confidence we have, we understand what's happened with the business, but there's not like structural weakness, when you use those kinds of words, the fact is we've got double digit capacity increase in Europe and the ships are being filled and they're actually ahead on the booking, we've got significant capacity increase in other markets without going in and we don't give guidance by market stuff. But historically, what's happened so far and what we're anticipating, Caribbean is super strong, NAA brands are strong. So there's no real structural weakness, it’s just dynamics and artifacts of when you bring in capacity, how you spend in advance, prepare all of that. Meanwhile, we're still growing earnings now.
Arnold Donald: I think, again, the guidance we’re giving you for the year reflects what we think at this point in time our best guess for the results would be. And so we fact it all things in to our guidance, including knowing there's going to be some headwinds that we haven't seen yet or whatever has happened every year and it's already happened this past quarter. And so we’ll work hard to beat the guidance, like we always do, but I think the guidance is reflective of what we anticipate Europe, North American and globally.
Arnold Donald: While, we typically feel that the brands are pretty independent of each other and other cruise companies, we need them to fill their ships and fill them early because there is something that relates in the marketplace, with just the psychology of pricing and that can be a cap on what you can achieve, based on what other companies are charging in the marketplace or whatever.  So, having said that, if there is a brand that has a competitive set because of the source market and the proximity, I would say MSC and Costa would probably be the closest to having some significant overlap in competitiveness versus say most of the other brands compared to any of the other brands. But having said that, we feel confident at Costa. We see opportunity from an operational standpoint to grow earnings this year. We have some capacity increase in Costa that is not new build this year and past European part of the business. But next year, we've got Costa Smeralda coming in, she's booked great. So for, I mean, very strong, double digit kind of improvement opportunity there. And so we see Costa being strong and looking forward to the brand, continuing to perform well and perform even better going forward.
Arnold Donald: Okay, so more broadly, even though there's been uncertainty around Brexit and so on and so forth, the UK brands are doing well and have withstood the headwind, we will have to keep monitoring to see what kind of long term effect specific to you two questions on currency and passport, on the currency side, without PNO brand is British based, a 10 pound sterling, et cetera. So, obviously, no impact there and it's 98%, British guest sailing on PNO on the UK for us. So there that one is fine. Cunard is a British based brand, but it is a global international brand, it has a number of British guests on it, but it has -- every sailing has guests from all around the world. And it's not pound sterling based, so there's some currency potential impacts there depending on fluctuations either way. On the passport issue, I'm not familiar with the details there, but I don't see -- I haven't heard anything from anyone to indicate any extra complications or major problems or where would be a discouragement to cruise or anything like that. So, I don't know the details, but I have heard nothing that would suggest it’s a problem at all for us.
Arnold Donald: In this particular year, there are no new builds. And what would I look? So either we have significant new builds there, but it's not cannibalizing or anything, but in terms of Costa, the new build is not coming until almost the end of this fiscal year. So and IUDO, we have a number of new ships and IUDI is a strong performer overall and we don't have any new ships in this year and PNO.
Arnold Donald: The reason is, we don't give guidance by brands or markets and stuff. So, that’s the only reason why you’re hearing the directional comments, but go ahead please.
Arnold Donald: Okay, thank you. So first of all, in China, it's still a very small part of our business, we're excited about the Costa Venezia going over to join the Costa fleet in China. Overall, things are strengthening there. There's less capacity expansion than it's been in previous years. And we've expanded our distribution approach and we’ve had success with that. And so, things are strengthening. Our philosophy there remains the same, that we see it as accretive overall as long as it’s accretive, a ship will be there. If it's not accretive, we would move it and so, generally speaking, China in particular is definitely strengthening from yield standpoint, et cetera, all that. But we think this could be choppy for a while and so we always prepare to do whatever we need to do right now. We think Venezia in particular is going to strengthen the Cruise in China, period, and definitely be an enhancement to our fleet. And right now, things are going well. With regards to OceanMedallion class, we’re very pleased with where we are, we have the Caribbean Princess, Regal Princess and Royal princess are all now up and running. Caribbean Princess is probably the most fully activated with many other features capable and ocean being available to the guests. Regal is not quite as far along and Royal, which is on the West Coast right now is just beginning to ramp up. So we see great results, as I mentioned, in terms of guest experience and attitude. We have several more ships that will be brought up to speed and those others will get more of the features the rest of the year.  But, it is new and we want to experience it and we want to make certain that in the end, it is driving not just kind of nice conversation, but also driving the improvements from both a revenue generating standpoint and cost standpoint and a crew experience standpoint. And it looks very, very positive, but it's new and we think we need to win out in a race. We don't have to -- Princess is doing fine, as the other brands, all the other brands have innovations on the way as well that are different. But we're excited about it, but we'll take our time and once we fully activate it, see where we are and one thing we are expanding is the fastest Internet FC, which is Medallion that, which is part of the overall ocean platform, but it's not dependent on the ocean platform. And that's been a huge hit with guests and crew. And so that's something we are more rapidly expanding in the fleet.
Arnold Donald: Well, a lot of things have to be developed in China, because it's an embryonic market, but in terms of the ship itself, we have some fabulous features on this ship. We've got some really customized gaming venues, which we think it will keep, we have fabulous karaoke area, which we think is going to be a very nice revenue generator for the ship. We have a module area on the ship, which again, could be another good revenue generator. So there are a number of things. In addition, some of the specialty restaurants, we have a hot top restaurant on board for the comfort food that they were like, and so there's quite a number of revenue generating features on the ship that we think will help drive onboard. 
Arnold Donald: Well, as I mentioned, we've had some pre-spend to prepare for the capacity coming not just in 2020, but beyond. And that won't be repeating itself going forward. So, there's clearly some opportunity with cost plus the fact that as you bring the new ships on, they’re inherently more efficient, et cetera. So -- and with the scale, you're leveraging, you’re amortizing across more scale. So all of that bodes well for the cost picture. That's number one.  Number two, we're still focused on creating demand. And again, we're not giving guidance to a 2020 or anything, but as you look at things like the brands that are bringing the ships in and the relative pricing and itineraries and so on and so forth, along with the demand creation, things we're doing, we see opportunity.  But the really important thing here is, we don't need a lot to be very different to generate, we are engineering and purposely intentionally on a path to double digit earnings growth on average year in and year out and elevated sustained double digit return on invested capital. And so we don't need a lot to be very different. We don't need to dramatically change anything. If we just execute where we're headed, that's what we'll see. And whether it is or isn't in a given year, on average, it will be, but can be influenced by fuel and currency and other things, but operationally, we definitely are on a path to deliver.
Arnold Donald: Yeah, I think I'll do the open loop close loop first. For us, we have now third party data, including the Government of Japan did their own studies and everything. So, we have plenty of information to provide to courts around the world and authorities around the world that show that open loop is a very effective way to have advanced air quality, systems operate and so we're confident with that. We know there have been some isolated ports that made decisions I think with the information we have and we can provide, we're optimistic. We’re prepared either way to be honest, not so much we can go closed loop versus open loop, but in terms of number of ports now, have court ironing, and we plug in any way and so on. So, there's so many dynamics there, we fact all possibilities into our remodeling and we're confident going forward. In terms of fuel prices, the oil companies can’t say where the fuel prices are going to be. So I'll let David, he might be able to, I don't know, David, go ahead.
Arnold Donald: But when she comes out, she will almost certainly command a yield premium. And so that will be helpful. 
Arnold Donald: All right, everyone. Thank you so much. We appreciate it. We're totally focused on delivering for the year and then beyond the double digit earnings growth on average and the increased return on invested capital. So look forward. Thank you guys for your interest and talk to you next quarter.
