David Bernstein: Thank you, Howard. Before I begin, please note that as some of our remarks in this conference call will be forward-looking, I will refer to you the cautionary statement in today's press release. Also, all of my references to revenue and cost metrics will be in local currency unless otherwise noted, as this is a much better indicator of business trends. Our EPS for the third quarter was $1.69. The third quarter came in $0.07 above the midpoint of our June guidance. The $0.07-per-share improvement was driven by both net revenue yield and cost, as each were $0.05 better than expected. The total operational improvement of $0.10 was partially offset by a $0.02 charge related to the sale of Costa Marina, which leaves the fleet in November 2011, and $0.01 from fuel prices and currency exchange rates combined. The $0.05 net revenue yield improvement resulted from better-than-expected last-minute pricing. In our June guidance, we slightly overestimated the negative impact from the conflict in the Middle East and North Africa, commonly referred to as MENA, on our strong summer booking season. However, we believe we slightly underestimated the impact of MENA on the seasonally weaker fourth quarter. So only $0.02 of the $0.05 improvement in net revenue yields for the third quarter flows through to the full year September guidance. In total, for the back half of the year, yields are expected to be slightly better than our June guidance. On the cost side, a portion of the $0.05 improvement from June guidance was due to timing, so only $0.03 of the $0.05 improvement in costs for the third quarter flows through to the full year September guidance. Now let's take a look at our third quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 5%, with the majority of the increase coming from our European, Australian and Asian brands, or as we call them, our EAA brands. Our EAA brands grew 7%, while our North American brands grew 3%. Our net revenue yields increased almost 3% in the third quarter, with similar increases in both net ticket and net onboard and other yields. With respect to net ticket yield, the North American brands were up almost 6% despite the negative impact from MENA on European itineraries. The improvement was driven by higher yield in Alaska, Caribbean and Mexican Riviera itineraries. Our EAA brands, which are primarily cruising in Europe during the third quarter, were down 2%. The yield decline was primarily driven by the impact of MENA on these itineraries. In net onboard and other yields, we experienced over a 2% increase. The increase was also driven by our North American brands, as our EAA brands were impacted from MENA itinerary changes that resulted in lower shore excursion revenues and slightly lower spending in other areas. On the cost side, net cruise costs, excluding the Costa Marina charge and fuel per available lower berth day, were up 2% versus the prior year. We continue to see inflationary pressures in food cost, freight, crew travel and other hotel costs that were anticipated and discussed on the last 2 conference calls. As a result of our ongoing efforts to reduce fuel usage, our consumption per available lower berth day declined 4% this quarter, continuing our multiyear savings trend. In total, this represents a 13% savings from 2007. Fuel prices this quarter were 45% higher than last year, which cost us $0.23 per share. Partially offsetting the increase in fuel price was the weaker dollar, which had a favorable impact of $0.10 per share. In summary, the third quarter EPS improved over 4% to $1.69 per share. Before turning to our 2011 outlook, I want to update you on our current stock repurchase program. As we previously indicated, stock buybacks could be used opportunistically to efficiently return cash to shareholders. In mid-August, we restarted our stock buyback program. Since then, we repurchased 14.5 million shares at an average price of $31 for a total of $445 million. At the present time, we have $343 million remaining on the existing general stock repurchase authorization program. It should be noted that on a combined basis, the recent share repurchases and our 2011 full year paid dividend represents 135% of forecasted free cash flow for the year. Now turning to the 2011 outlook for the full year. I'll skip net revenue yields as Howard will discuss that shortly. On the cost side, for the full year net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are forecasted to be up 1%, which is the same as our June guidance, excluding the charge relating to the Costa Marina. At this point, I'll turn the call back over to Howard.
David Bernstein: As to your second question, I don't have the Med broken out from Europe, but I do have Europe and the Med combined. It's about 49%, 50% for 2012. It was very virtually the same in total for 2011; it was 49%.
David Bernstein: You guys can decide that. Steve, I'll go through your question on the cash flow and the dividends. Essentially, we have been very open about our dividend policy. We've talked about a 30% to 40% payout on the regular quarterly dividend. Right now, we're at $1 a share. I mean, you can do the math and you can see where the numbers are. We are committed to the 2 to 3 ships a year, and we are -- the board is -- we've talked to the board, and we are committed to returning all of the excess, all the free cash flow over and above the CapEx, to shareholders. As you can see, this year, we returned 135% already with the stock repurchases. So I think the commitment for the reduced capacity is there. We've talked about the 2 to 3 ships, and there's not -- for '12 and '13, those numbers are locked in, and you know what's on order for the future years at this point.
David Bernstein: It was about -- it was 9.5% of this year's itineraries were impacted. And I believe, if I remember correctly, we did analysis. We reduced our exposure by about 12%. So there was a reduction in the number of itineraries that went to the affected regions. Costa replaced some of -- replaced Tunisia with some islands off the coast of Italy. They took ships out of Egypt and went to the Greek Isles and the Holy Land. So there were a number of changes that resulted in that 12% reduction.
David Bernstein: Sure, yes. We've got 10 ships on order. The only one that does not have financing associated with it is the Costa Favolosa for 2012 -- Fascinosa, sorry, for 2012. The other 9, 7 are already signed and done, and we're working on the last 2. So we will have export credits for the other 9. We just haven't finished the last 2 with the AIDA ships that we ordered in Germany.
David Bernstein: Yes. We're working on -- off of the administrative back office that we put in place, in the systems, controls and procedures. But we haven't started doing anything yet, and that's at some point in the near future and when we start, we'll let everybody know.
David Bernstein: What we're really looking at in terms of -- we look at it more in terms of ratings. And what we're looking at is -- an A- credit rating is what we're generally targeting, as opposed to a net debt to EBITDA. Although if you look at the S&P, A- will equate to somewhere between 2 and 2.5x, roughly speaking.
David Bernstein: The one thing that will definitely be a positive is 2011 had the short-term disruption of all those itinerary changes and all those cancellations, and hopefully we won't -- as Micky mentioned before, we won't see that again in 2012 and that would be a year-over-year positive.
David Bernstein: Yes. As far as the fuel hedging, I mean, we've talked about our philosophy a number of times on fuel hedging. And the kind of program we're looking at is more of fuel insurance. And the example I think I've used historically could be something like a 0 cost collar with a wide collar, so that if fuel did spike up, we have some protection. Those are the types of things we're looking at doing, and I mentioned before we're putting together the administrative back office to begin to do that at some point in the future.
David Bernstein: Just to put it in perspective, I mean, we did say that the MENA impact this year in 2011 was about a 1.5 points of yield, which just kind of gives you a total perspective of the magnitude of the issue.
David Bernstein: It really is primarily as a result of the seasonal-ization of the MENA impact. As I mentioned in my notes, we had overestimated the impact on the third quarter and underestimated the negative impact of MENA on the fourth quarter. So when everything came in and we started to look at it, while the total impact of MENA, we were very close and we felt good about that, the yield difference is driven by those MENA itineraries. We had expected MENA to be roughly 2% in the third quarter. It turned out more like a 1.5%. And in the fourth quarter, we had expected it to be more like 0.5% -- 1.5% and it turned out to be more than 2%. So it's just a forecasting estimate on our part and a flip-flop between the quarters.
David Bernstein: Jamie, I mean, we are always looking at ways to reduce cost. We're not a business where we have a lot of fat in the business, so when there's an economic downturn we can change our model and all of a sudden take all that fat. We run very lean and we're constantly looking for ways to reduce cost. So we're hoping we can offset the inflation next year. We've told everybody our long-term cost guidance is flat to half of inflation. Hopefully, we'll be closer to flat than half of inflation as we work through all the cost savings.
David Bernstein: Yes, in terms of the book value of our fleet, we're very happy. You're picking on one ship. But I did look at the last 8 ship sales. It turns out that in the last 8 ship sales, we had 4 gains and 4 losses. The total cumulative net for the 8 was a positive, I think it was $45 million. So on these sales to have it turn out to be that way, we felt very comfortable with our book value overall. As far as the cost impact of selling these older ships, I think the last time I looked, those 7 ships represented about 3% of our overall capacity because remember, they tend -- the older ships tend to be smaller, so even if we sold all 7 of them, I doubt you would see a dramatic change in our net cruise cost because it's just 3% to the total.
David Bernstein: Keep in mind that the newer ships that we're building are twice the size of the average ship in the fleet. And also, the newer ships are considerably more fuel efficient than the average ship in the fleet, so the returns for those ships tend to be quite a bit higher.
David Bernstein: And by the way, David, that's occurred over a period of years, that it wasn't a one-year phenomenon.
David Bernstein: It is 55% to 75% booked and we are within that range for quarter one. And I think Howard had mentioned we were flattish with...
Howard S. Frank: On the first quarter, I think -- and I think we saw this in the fourth -- on the third quarter of 2011, our late bookings seem to be holding up quite well versus year-ago pricing, so I think we feel fairly confident on where we stand on Q1. Where it exactly comes in from a yield improvement standpoint, it's -- I don't think we want to venture right now. But we are nicely ahead right now from a pricing standpoint. So even with a little bit of a downdraft, we should be just fine in the first quarter. I think less so confidence in the second quarter simply because we just -- we don't have as large a percentage of our business booked in the second quarter as we have in the first quarter, naturally. And we have seen, started to see some evidence of the booking curve coming in. I think consumers are delaying their vacation decisions. It seems clear, any major spend decisions, because of lower consumer confidence, seems to be people are pulling back on it. But at the end of the day and talking to our brand managers, they seem to be pretty confident that the business will be there at the end of the day, and so I think they're more confidence in holding price.
Howard S. Frank: Yes. No, I mean it's come in only a small amount so far. Remember, when I talk about booking curve, I'm talking about 9 different brands, so -- and when I give you that data, I'm looking at 9 different brands and their booking curves. Some are better than others but we start to see some evidence, especially to some degree in the U.S. markets, a little bit in the European markets and the U.K. markets.
Howard S. Frank: And I think it's important to keep in mind that we know what we're confronting, going into our European itineraries in the Med this coming year, at this point in time. So what -- I think our ability to react quicker now rather than as we reacted later in the spring of last year will give us the ability to mitigate the effects, if there are any effects this year.
Howard S. Frank: Okay, Steve, I'm going to try "nicely" on you. The way I -- when I look at the numbers, to me, when we talk about "flattish," I usually mean flat between plus or minus 1%. When I say "up," it means better than 1%. But I mean not just 1.2% though. And when I say "nicely up," it means well north of just being up. So without quantifying it for you -- I'm getting a lot of applause here. They've all asked me the same question...
Howard S. Frank: But it is -- it means it's a stronger pricing improvement than you would -- than just than saying that it's just up. I hope that clarifies it for you, Steve....
Howard S. Frank: Why don't we do this? Why don't we -- we'll see if we can pull that together for you because I don't think -- they have it, but they don't have it in their books for the moment.
Howard S. Frank: But the 8.5% will be in -- at ports of call that were not as challenged, let's say, as they were last year, like Egypt and Tunisia.
Howard S. Frank: Now, they're still going down to Dubai and selling out of -- in places like that, those cruises are doing okay.
Howard S. Frank: I think if -- there are a lot of sales going on and programs going on. Most of that, Janet, would be for more closer in business as opposed -- and some of it is not dissimilar to what we've done in prior years. So when the travel agents see it, I'm not sure they see it in the same way we see it in terms of our yield management systems and what we need to do to get it done. In many cases, we do go out with different kinds of programs, but -- and they may -- we may do them in a little bit different way than we've done in past years. So they don't have the ability to really understand from the apples-to-apples comparisons that we work with in terms of our pricing. But yes, it is out there. It is out there, sure. It's always out there, though.
Howard S. Frank: I mean, generally speaking, we've talked about returning free cash flow, I think in this particular year where there was an opportunity to buy back stock at a quite attractive price, and we had the program already in place to do it. We decided to go ahead and do it, and to running a little bit faster than free cash flow for 2011. But I think over the long haul, I think that the thinking is that debt levels would remain relatively constant and we'd use free cash flow to buy back stock and/or increase dividends.
Howard S. Frank: The challenge to reduce capacity, although we do -- over time, we do try to sell off some of our older tonnage if we can get reasonable prizes for them. But it's unlike the airline industry. It's not easy to get -- to move out your older ships. Also, newer ships give us so much better economies of scale that we're inclined to order newer ships, larger ships that give us the scale benefits and returns that we can't get on the older tonnage. But over time, we will move out over time. Will we ever get to a flat or down capacity year-over-year from a cruise industry standpoint? I don't know. I mean, I don't -- we still see huge potential to grow our business in certain markets, and I think when we order ships today, we're ordering it for those markets where we believe we can continue to grow our capacity at good profit improvement and improved return on invested capital. So it is a much more targeted approach. There could come a time when we stop ordering ships. And for certain markets we've done that, but not for other markets. So I think it is a much targeted approach, if that answers your questions, Harry.
Howard S. Frank: I don't -- to be honest with you, Tim, I don't have that information. All I looked at it was from the parts of Europe...
Howard S. Frank: And Northern Europe tends to be a much shorter season, starting later and ending earlier, so it's -- they're not comparable between Europe and -- Northern Europe and the Med. Med will start to go out a little bit earlier.
Howard S. Frank: I haven't looked at it from that standpoint, to be honest with you. I just -- I'm just looking -- it's tough enough to take 9 different businesses, pull it all together and come up with an answer directionally that makes sense. But to start to analyze it itinerary drive by itinerary, by business by business and to give it to you, it wouldn't make a lot of sense and it would take a long time to do that. And it's just not possible to try to take all the information, pull it together and do it in a way that gives you proper and good direction in terms of how the business overall is going.
Howard S. Frank: Well, what the brand managers are telling me is really more anecdotal based on what's happened in the last 4 or 6 weeks or so, so I wouldn't want to give you an overall sense of what 2012 looks like. I do think it's too early. We are all over now in Europe and starting our meetings with our brand managers on reviewing 2012 budgets. Later on in September, early October, we'll be doing the same with our U.S. brands. And so I'm always a little bit uncomfortable right now, given the fact that it's September, talking too much about 2012 because I don't think we feel comfortable doing it yet. I mean, there are a lot of very positive things out there. I talked about the yields, the positive pricing in Q1 and Q2, which we think is -- we're pleased with. But I think given all the noise that we're hearing in the U.S. and Europe about economic challenges, I'd like to wait until December to give you more concrete and more concrete guidance on 2012, when we have a little bit more confidence in how it's going to shape up. And so I hesitate to give you anything right now.
Howard S. Frank: Yes, Kevin, on the MENA pricing for 2012 versus 2011, I think that certainly, we're hopeful that we'll see some nice improvement in pricing versus 2011, given the lateness of the changes in the itinerary due to disruption, not only to the MENA cruises, but to all of our Med cruises resulting from the last-minute changes and the rebooking patterns that we had to go through. How much of that will be -- I think it's still too early to say. Will we recapture everything we lost? I don't think so. I don't think we're even -- we're thinking in those terms. But we do think we'll start to see some improvement, but it may take us a couple of years to get back to the levels of pricing that we enjoyed pre-MENA.
Howard S. Frank: No. It's nothing like that. You did see, when you look sort of from the springtime until now, an ebb and flow to bookings. In some weeks they're very strong and other weeks are not as strong, and at the end of the month, we kind of look at the overall and so far, it's been positive. And remember, we can move business. So you're not quite sure if you have a strong booking month if it's because we're moving business at lower prices or -- and if we pull back and our business -- and our booking volumes are lower, it's because we may have pulled pricing up. And you're talking about 8 or 10, 8 or 9 different yield management systems. And each business approaches yield management in different ways. So it is really difficult to talk about a particular program of moving business and how it's affecting that particular business. Looking at it from -- we look at it from a global standpoint.
Howard S. Frank: You do see tactical pricing, and every once in a while, one of our -- I'll have a conversation or Micky will or David will with a brand manager and saying, "Our competitors are doing this at this ridiculous price, in this particular market." But it's usually for a particular cruise that they need to fill. And we -- and sometimes we do the same thing. So you can't really go too much by the anecdotal information.
Howard S. Frank: Now I think the thing to keep in mind is that for the second half of the year, we actually came in yield wide a little bit -- just slightly better...
Howard S. Frank: Given stronger demand in Q3, you typically can get some upside. Q4 is a little bit more challenging. I think North America, as I mentioned, is substantially done right now. And really, what we need to do is some backfill still on the MENA sailings, and that's really -- that's all that's significantly left. So could it come in better than we anticipate? Sure, but not -- there's not that much room, no.
Howard S. Frank: Well, Rick, let me just say this, that I don't think there's any one philosophy here. There are a multitude of philosophies on yield management, and each brand manager approaches it -- can approach it very differently, and what we're giving you is a blend of all that information. So in some cases, I think some people -- some of our brands will go in with a stronger pricing early on and hope to maintain it and move whatever inventory is left at the end at somewhat lower pricing. Other brands will go in at -- early at lower pricing to begin with, expect to fill and then move the volumes as they need to in order to fill up, and so they're just different approaches each one will do, and what we're giving you is a blend of all of them.
Howard S. Frank: And then early signs for Alaska for the second quarter -- we have a few sailings in the second quarter -- are so far positive, but I don't think you could take that too seriously right now. The summer is really what drives it. On China, I think that it was a rough -- this certainly was a rough year for China, given the problems in Japan and also the dislocation of itineraries and moving things around and cancellations and rebookings and so on. So it was a tough year. But we do think that 2012 will be better. It's getting off to a better start but still very, very early for the China booking season. But we certainly are hopeful that we'll show some nice improvement in China in 2012.
Howard S. Frank: I think 9 of them would. I mean, all of them want to have more capacity. I don't think there's one out there that doesn't believe that they can add ships and increase their profitability and their returns. But we want to be -- we've given them their hurdle rates to do that and until they reach their hurdle rates, they're not going to get those allocation -- that net allocation of capital.
Howard S. Frank: Well, I think a good number of them are and some are not. And that's about as much as you're going to get from me on that.
Howard S. Frank: All right, David, I mean, it's probably less about cost savings. It's more about efficiency and getting the travel agents and consumers to be more efficient and driving more electronic bookings and that sort of thing. It is the future and we are moving along with that. We're trying to move that along.
Micky M. Arison: Felicia, one of the things you have to keep in mind is that when we talk year-over-year, this time last year bookings were very, very strong. We didn't feel the impact of MENA and all that stuff until starting in January, first quarter of last year. So the fact that we're okay versus last year's pattern now, if we don't have a repeat of the MENA situation or similar or a tsunami in Japan and all that other stuff, then the comparisons should get easier as we get into the second quarter. So our level of confidence, all things being equal, if there isn't another major geopolitical event should be pretty good.
Micky M. Arison: It's hard to tell because of the MENA impact, but it appeared to have started to move in a little bit in the spring, so it's not recent. It's not the last 6 weeks. I mean, it started to move in after the MENA impact. And of course, when you got that many itineraries moving, it becomes really hard to see what's exactly happening. But it's moved a little bit in and it seems to have started sometime in the spring.
Micky M. Arison: I would say that we have modified, especially Costa which was most impacted by the MENA impact and Ibero, and to some degree, AIDA. They've already -- particularly Costa, have already modified a lot of itineraries to mitigate any possible future problems next year. That's not to say that we don't have any of those countries on our itineraries. We do have some, but we've scaled back quite a bit and have less -- quite a bit less than we had this time last year.
Micky M. Arison: By the way, I'd reiterate David's answer. You asked me the question, but I would -- the key underlying item in that question, I think was, will we maintain discipline on the newbuilding side? And the answer to that is yes, we will.
Micky M. Arison: Yes, they still have cruises out of Dubai and Sharm el-Sheikh, but less capacity. They've cut their capacity.
Micky M. Arison: It's the 1 out of 9 that we didn't lock in export credit. It's complicated, but export credit for an Italian shipyard, for Italian flagship is not -- it's complicated. So we passed on that one because it's not an export.
Micky M. Arison: It's way too early for places like Italy, France and Spain. I mean, Costa just issued their revised brochure 2 weeks ago, and they just started taking bookings. So it's way too early for those countries to be commenting on next year.
Micky M. Arison: I would say that for the European brands, clearly they've had very strong last-minute bookings, which is a combination of things. I think it's economy but I think it's also the fact, because of MENA, there was more availability last minute than there were in prior years because of the -- like all the itinerary changes. And they filled, so -- and when you look at the bottom line for the third quarter, they were down 2 points, which considering everything that happened this year, that's not a terrible result.
Micky M. Arison: Even in December, it's going to be -- we're going to do it, but it's going to be tricky because again, we're going to be looking at comparisons that didn't have any of the MENA impact yet. And again, at December last year, we were looking at a very, very strong year. And things started to come apart in the middle of January. So when we're sitting and looking at year-over-year comparisons, we're going to have to try to pattern in what's happened [indiscernible]. So it's going to make those predictions a little bit trickier than in the past.
Micky M. Arison: Yes, I think the point Howard made was well taken. We were booking very strongly into the spring and early summer. Again, part of that was the fact that we had all the disruptions, so we had a lot more capacity available close in. But part of it was obvious, demand especially for the peak holiday season. But despite a slowdown in August and early September, we were up year-over-year. And that's a good sign, but there's no question that people are tightening their belt a little bit and making decisions a little bit later, based -- because of everything that's going on and what they're watching on television every day.
Micky M. Arison: We've discounted sale and it's part of a marketing strategy. Again, if we were talking for 1 or 2 brands, it would be much easier to answer your question. Every one of our brands has different kind of promotions, different tactics, different sales. They have them virtually every year, not necessarily at the exact same time. They all watch their booking curves. They all have trend lines and when they get below the trend line, they may activate a discount program, where if they get above it, they'll pull it back and so on. It's a lot of moving pieces and it doesn't -- other than the fact that you've got all this noise going on because of what's going on in Washington and what's going on in Wall Street, and also in Europe obviously with the financial crisis in Europe, all that noise is just making it really difficult to tell. But like we've said a number of times in the call today, our volumes are still up year-over-year. So it does not feel like any different than -- it definitely doesn't feel like '08, where we saw significant drop off. It doesn't feel anything like that.
Micky M. Arison: I'd like to say that beyond the MENA itineraries, which continue to be last-minute fill because there were so many changes, beyond that, I don't think it's any different than what we saw last year.
Micky M. Arison: Can I just say that when you consider that we changed 300 itineraries just before we gave you the second quarter guidance, the fact that we're basically right on our guidance for the second half of the year, I think, is pretty remarkable. Our folks did a great job of being able to forecast this far. Now the fact that it's a little bit higher in one quarter, a little bit lower in another quarter, I mean, come on. You're moving 300 itineraries. It's pretty good.
Micky M. Arison: We're pretty well along now so -- but if last-minute bookings are stronger than anticipated, then we'll do a little bit better. But we're pretty well booked for the quarter, so we...
Micky M. Arison: It's a little bit riskier, but you're betting that the booking curve has moved in. And there's a lot of good anecdotal evidence to prove that it has, and so you might as well play that curve rather than react too early.
Micky M. Arison: This is now September. This is now September. I just wanted to clarify that for everybody who wasn't at dinner. The reality is, since July, we've had a number of conversations, and the question became a mitigation of risk. And so they basically went back to the drawing board, took a clean piece of paper and said, "Okay, what is the best itineraries we can operate for our major nationalities and mitigate the MENA risk?" And that's what they did. And they come up with a whole new set of itineraries, some very, very innovative ones, I think. It's some great ideas. We're very hopeful that they'll be very successful, but they had to go back to the drawing board, reprint a brand new brochure for next spring and summer. They've done that. It's now in the marketplace, but it's only been in the marketplace about 2 weeks, so it will take some time to see how all that flies. But we're very glad that they did that. We think they've made a lot of good decisions and we'll see what happens 6 months from now.
Micky M. Arison: And I don't see any reason why it wouldn't be as good in '12. It's way too early, again, to comment about third quarter of next year, but we're very happy with the way it turned out in '11. I don't see any reason why it wouldn't be similar in '12.
Micky M. Arison: The reality is all but 3 of our brands have newbuildings coming. So I mean, they're all focusing on...
Micky M. Arison: What tends to happen is if you look at their newest ships, they tend to meet the hurdle rates. And those that have older, smaller ships, they tend to bring them down.
Micky M. Arison: If they have a brochure -- I mean, if they have a computer. If they don't have a computer, I guess they won't. I don't know how many of our passengers don't own computers but...
Beth Roberts: It looks like last -- the total impact that we had in 2011 in the Middle East and North African region was roughly 10% and is expected to be 8.5% in 2012.
Beth Roberts: Yes, Costa traded Egypt for the Greek Isles and the Holy Land cruises. They traded Tunisia for islands off the coast of Italy. In total, their Med deployment is flat. So it's left trips to Egypt or touching Tunisia. And the incremental capacity was deployed away from the Med to the winter Caribbean, South America, Northern Europe, the Far East and Asia, so they dispersed it everywhere else outside the Med.
Beth Roberts: Typically, the third quarter is the stronger summer season. It has more opportunity for upside on close in pricing than with the shoulder periods.
Timothy A. Conder: Howard, could you give us a little bit more detailed color on how things have trended on a regional booking basis, particularly for European-sourced passengers since that August period? I guess for the Northern European or western itineraries looking into the first half of next year versus the Southern European itineraries.
Timothy A. Conder: Okay. So I guess then the root of the question is, you haven't seen any major shifts since prior to the beginning of August in the patterns of bookings for Northern Europeans versus Southern Europeans.
Timothy A. Conder: And to your point, I think, Micky, earlier you mentioned that given all that and you had strong bookings at this time last year, you're already -- from what you're seeing right now, it's still fairly, fairly solid given that you're going to get those strong comps at this point in time.
