David Bernstein: Felicia, about two-thirds of the cost increases, I said, was relating to dry dock and the other third was really an investment in various areas of the business in terms of things like deployment and occupancy and other things, which are driving the remainder of the increase. And on the flipside, I think as Arnold indicated lot of the leveraging our scale and the efficiencies are taking hold and we’re expecting to see that completely offset inflation. We’re still working very hard, that’s our direction at this point and as we made greater strides, we’ll update all our projections and forecasts accordingly.
David Bernstein: Sure. Well, I’m not sure. Our occupancy rate came in 1.7 points below the prior year, which as I think I indicated in my notes was a bit better than we had anticipated. So we were able to do much better. That was part of the yield improvement that we saw in the third quarter. And as we move forward, I think, I talked about this on the last conference call that holding price and giving up some occupancy is purely a tactic. We will continue to work through that. If the tactic makes sense, we’ll utilize it. But I think as I indicated just a moment ago, as part of our cost increase one of the things was higher occupancy relating to the variable cost of food and port charges, etcetera. So we’re hopeful that as we move forward, part of that yield improvement is the higher occupancy for 2015.
David Bernstein: Yeah. Let me just add one other point on that. Steve, we have talked about this before, historically, as Arnold said, we started in ’06 and we were investing in China, which was a nice way of saying we were losing money, we broke even in ’12, we made money in ’13 and ’14, we saw double-digit yield increases in China and the performance of our ships in China has been excellent and so we are very excited about the opportunity as we move forward. To your second question…
David Bernstein: Roughly, speaking, that’s a good estimate. But I will say, one other thing that we have to decide on for 2016 is whether we have additional product enhancements or investments. As Arnold said before, he is not afraid to make some good ROE investments to improve yield to improve the operating income because that’s where we are most focused on. So absent that, yes, the math is similar to what you are describing, but yet, there are lot of decisions yet to be made.
David Bernstein: Yeah. CapEx, roughly speaking for 2014 is $3 billion. That’s probably going to be similar to that level in 2015 and 2016. We’re obviously still going through a lot of the detail for those years and we can give you better guidance as we make some more decisions down the road.
David Bernstein: I’m not sure what numbers you’re comparing but these are the numbers that I just quoted very close to the numbers that we have been talking about for the last six to nine months as far as my memory is concerned.
David Bernstein: If you are talking about, Tim, the accounting functional currency for these entities, at the moment because it is part of the Costa brand, we look at it collectively together. And you are right, it is a euro functional currency. But as that grows, we will evaluate it. Today, it’s only two ships, we’re writing third ship next year to the Costa Asia Group. And so as that grows, that might be something we will reevaluate. But at the moment, we are happy with the accounting for it.
David Bernstein: And Princes, the same thing, it’s just -- it was a half a ship last year. And as that grows, it’s U.S. dollar functional currency. And as that grows, if there is a good reason, we will reevaluate it.
David Bernstein: Yeah. On the expense side, Robin, really you’re right, we did narrow the range. With every forecast there are always some unexpected things, something positive, something negative. I guess, overall with our forecast that we gave last quarter, the trend is all generally been positive and we were very pleased with that as we raise the guidance. But there were couple of unexpected things on the cost side. We did have a pension expense that we had to take and put into the guidance in 2014. So there was couple of minor additional expenses and that’s what narrowed the range up slightly.
David Bernstein: And as far as the dry-dock costs themselves, during the dry dock period, we do both like expense type work as well as capital type work. So if you are installing an EGC on the ships or implementing some capital relating to fuel efficiency technology that might be some capital work. But you also have the actual cost of the dry-dock services, the dry-dock itself, the power, the water for the ship. You’ve got to prove that generally stays with the ship that gets expensed and capital because you’re not sending a thousand crew home for two weeks. So there’s a number of capital as well as expense type items that occur during the dry-dock period. And from a cost perspective, the increase was relating to the P&L cost I’m referring to.
David Bernstein: Yeah. Just to give you some color on the math, given the amount of fuel, 2014 prices a 1% change in the -- in our fuel consumption or the price of fuel would be like $2.06. So we will take a 4% consumption reduction to offset the $0.10 eco that we talked about in 2015. Just and we have been talking about getting a 2% to 3% fuel consumption improvement as we move forward. And as far as the fuel price is concerned, we always use basically the current fuel prices. We locked off late last week when fuel was close to $100 a barrel in terms of Brent and fuel moves around daily and the numbers do change accordingly. As far as onboard for the fourth quarter is concerned, we did raise our onboard revenue guidance for the fourth quarter, in fact we raise both the ticket and the onboard, as I have mentioned in notes. So we were conservative, I am not assuming a repeat of 5.5 percentage point yield increase on onboard in the fourth quarter. I would love to see it repeat itself. But that’s not basic forward guidance something considerably lower in the more normalized level is baked in.
David Bernstein: Sure. Just one additional comment on the -- on Arnold was answering, keep in mind that we’re expecting quite a bit of growth in the emerging markets particularly, Asia and China. So that should be able to profitably absorb a lot of that capacity and the other more established markets will see it more measured capacity increase. As far as the costs are concern, the 3% increase, two-thirds of it was dry dock, another third was some product initiatives and enhancements and that reinvesting in the product. And I indicated that a line of sight at this time we see all the leveraging our scale completely offsetting inflation. So that’s our best guess at this point in time but as I indicated in my notes, we are not going to rest. We’ll keep working if we’re able to accomplish more that would be great. We’ll let you know but this is our best guess at this point.
David Bernstein: Sure. Well, as far as the third quarter is concerned, you really have to break it apart into a number of different pieces because about half of the increase was relating to onboard which we don’t have a lot of visibility into in advance. And we’re very grateful. Everything worked well. All the things we’re doing seem to pan out in the third quarter and we hope that that continues and we see a positive trend. On the ticket side of things, half of the increase in ticket was relating to occupancy -- higher occupancy than we had expected and the other half was higher prices than we expected. So it was very nice to see forecast that everything go in one particular direction but it was a lot of pieces that came together to create that overall increase and total was $0.11 per share.
David Bernstein: And in terms of the visibility for 2015 is, I think, we’ve said many times, for the next quarter out we are roughly in generally 85% to 95% booked. When you get into the first quarter of 2015, the second quarter out we are roughly half booked and then as you go out to the second quarter, the quarter booked. So that’s how our historical number is in that where we’re roughly speaking today.
Arnold Donald: Felicia, as we offset the inflation with some of the initiatives that we have, we’re looking aggressively. We’re not afraid to invest if we see a line of sight return from that investment. So we aren’t afraid to reinvest to the business to drive yields and to drive revenues. So you’ve got a mix going on there some of the cost increases in vessels.
Arnold Donald: We’re looking at three to five years to get to double-digit returns. So we have a large business here, system hits with fuel increases and other things. But we definitely see the path in the next three to five years to get to double-digit return on invested capital.
Arnold Donald: I think Macau is the destination for those who like gaming, and we are actually in a true cruise product. And so today, those selling on our cruises, actually our casino opportunities to date have not been strong on our ships, because they are really going for a cruise. They have families, etcetera. So I’m not exactly sure we’re referencing in Macau, but in terms of the cruise opportunity, the Chinese government has shown a lot of vision. They’ve made developing the cruise industry a priority. And with their support, companies like ourselves have a tremendous opportunity to tap into what is a huge market possibly and we’ve enjoyed early success and plan to build on it.
Arnold Donald: Yes, it would be very difficult to say, to isolate variables like that. What I can tell you is that we have definitely gained momentum across the brands in terms of best practices. We haven’t finished our revenue management project, but already we’ve had lift on isolated itineraries across brands as they collaborate appropriately. Also on onboard revenue, some of the onboard revenue lift we’ve experienced has come from again great collaboration across the brands, identifying best practices. We see that continuing to build in even more dramatic fashion than we’ve experienced to-date because we’ve only touched the tip of the iceberg today.
Arnold Donald: Okay. Thank you, Steven. So your first question concerning China, we began investing in China in 2006. The Costa brand, as I mentioned, in the introduction here was the first brand to do so in China. And things take time to develop and we have been successful in developing our business there and others have come in now as well. What’s changed in addition to that, first was it just takes time to develop a market. But what’s changing in addition to that is that the government has it as a priority now. The Chinese government has a plan for development of a cruise industry in China and that means, you are getting tremendous support and opportunity to participate led by the various governments whether it’s the Central Government or the provincial or the municipal governments like in Shanghai and Tianjin. And so all of that bodes well, we are beginning to gain momentum. Distribution system is learning how to market a product such as a cruise product. You are beginning to see players in China look at building the domestic brand, which we think will be real powerful at to developing that market. So that’s basically what is going on in China, and then getting enough scale that it does take cost, obviously, to build brands and to build the presence, and now, obviously, with the number of ships we have there now and the ones we are going to add, we are beginning to get scale so the opportunity for greater profitability is there. So that’s the quick answer on China.
Arnold Donald: No. Concerning onboard revenue, your second question, in terms of is there additional opportunity? Absolutely, we had a 5% lift in onboard revenues in this quarter to suggest that we will have a 5% lift every quarter from hereon on out, we will probably not be anywhere near the right thing to say. But, clearly, we see opportunity in specific areas. We had an area in casino, we had area in beverage upgrades and restaurants upgrade opportunities. There are host of others. But we are just at the tip of that in terms of really harvesting what is possible there. And then you last question.
Arnold Donald: Yeah. In terms of giving you a specific number on costs, as we mentioned, directionally, we see as offsetting inflation, that’s a $75 million to $80 million number on to itself. We haven’t finished all of the projects yet. We are in the middle with the airlines in terms of our airline RFPs. Obviously, we are not going to give a number on that because we are on negotiation with them as we speak that will be wrapping up soon. And I think we will have more to say in the fourth quarter. But in terms of saying a specific target, the reality is, we are going to reinvest in the business too. So, I think, we will give you one-off as we determine them and we will share with you what we’re reinvesting in at the appropriate time and whether or not we think we will pay it off. Thank you, Steve.
Arnold Donald: Well, real quickly, in terms of the overall feeling about the brand. I would say that the recovery is probably the little faster than we had a right to believe it would be, but at the same time, it’s not nearly fast enough for all of us and our brand people certainly deserve a tremendous amount of credit for their product innovations and both in terms of hardware product and soft product onboard and just an excellent delivery on restoring the confidence in the brand and having people appreciate the great experience that the Carnival brand is. So we’re pleased with it but at the same time, we are not satisfied and we’re going to continue to pursue aggressively building the Carnival brand and in getting back to the historical levels. In terms of the specifics, we -- as you know, we are not going to give a lot of yield-by-yield or brand-by-brand detail. So just in general, I would say that the yields are showing some strength the Caribbean is we all know was very tough environment this year. We anticipated that in our original guidance for the year. So it was a difficult year overall in the Caribbean from a pricing environment. But the brand has navigated that well and has offset some of that with strong onboard revenue lift and we’re feeling really good about it. But as you know, we don’t give lot of brand-by-brand detail.
Arnold Donald: Directionally, the 70 numbers are our magnitude number that ultimately depends on future deployment plans and what have you but…
Arnold Donald: No, no, we don’t need scrubber. We don’t need the EGCs on every vessel. It depends on where they are deployed. ICA is not a universal. So it depends where the ships are going and so some of the fleet doesn’t hit ICA-impacted destinations.
Arnold Donald: Haven’t cleared that from a flexibility standpoint, most newbuilds will be equipped to handle the regulations just from our long-term planning standpoint.
Arnold Donald: I think if you are trying to get a feel for it, ‘15 over two-thirds that increase, I think as David mentioned on the cost side that directional increase we’re sharing with you all right now was related to increased dry-dock days partly EGC related, partly the fuel-saving technology related. And when you go to ‘16, that will fall off and there will still be additional work to be done. So we won’t recapture all of that, but say two thirds of the cost of those increase that peak in dry-dock days for next year. Two thirds of the cost related to that will probably disappear in ’16. But we will continue the implementation, aggressive implementation of both EGCs, and the fuel-saving technologies because they have sharp payback periods.
Arnold Donald: I think fundamentally, there are several issues in your question. First off all, just the consuming public out of the guests, helping them understand what a cruise is, is still a challenge there. Now, early on, there are so few ships and such latent demand that it’s not a huge challenge because there are enough people there that have some familiarity that we can certainly fill the ships. The challenges as we -- as a growth suggest communicate what a cruise is and that is not just a, for in our case a gambling destination or gaming destination. So there is a challenge. Therefore, we are in the work of doing that along with our distributors there that work with us and we are beginning to have the success with that. On the other side of the coin in terms of the challenges in developing a market is a host of things, and it includes port development that needs to be extensive port of people have to have a place to go and things to do when they get there. There has to be availability of international ports where the Chinese are sort of free to go in and have the opportunity to experience and enjoy. And then there has to be supply chain development locally there to provision and provide the infrastructure. So there is a ton of work to be done, is to add an early stage which is very, very exciting and you can just see the potential and the possibility. And like I said, we are already experiencing good results and are excited. It will take time. It’s not going to happen overnight and that’s why we are sending Alan over there now because there have to be a number of areas sorted out and we’d like to have one of our top people full time there, working it everyday to position it, for what should be in the not too distant future a tremendous opportunity for the entire cruise industry and especially for Carnival Corporation.
Arnold Donald: Yeah. It is definitely through distributors. Technically and mostly, it’s the ships that are chartered and so the distributors charter the ship and then market it to the Chinese populous. That’s the structure today, is working just fine. It’s a good model. That model has existed in other places and eventually of course, they end up being probably direct selling the best ways off. So right now it is through a distribution network. The distribution network is well organized. There are some very large entities involved in that in China domestic companies of great scale and significant market capitalization, et cetera. So these are professional organizations that do a good job.
Arnold Donald: Obviously, we’re very respectful of relationships wherever we operate, and that’s outside of our scope. We do expect over time that there will be opportunities for easy exchange between those countries. And obviously we have ships all imported in Japan as well. And so we are optimistic about all that, but that’s beyond our scope as a company to be involved in those types of relationship matters.
Arnold Donald: I think we are not really giving obviously any yield guidance at this point for 2015. But I think directionally I would say things should look better in the Caribbean beginning in the later second quarter. And through the third quarter, it should be very good, because there will be capacity reduction in the Caribbean next year versus this year. So I think directionally it looks a more positive. But at this time, I would have to stop there, because it would be little early to go beyond that.
Arnold Donald: Okay. Thank you. First of all, on the China comment on the currency, obviously we do have Costa. We also have Princess in China as well. And then I really can’t comment on the currency.
Arnold Donald: Got it. So first of all, the increase in dry-dock days that went planning for 2015 evolves both the EGCS as well as some fuel technologies, fuel saving technologies. Hopefully, we will find additional fuel saving technologies, but I think it’s particular group that we are looking at is more one-off, and that’s why we will have a reduction in ’16 in the cost equivalent of the dry-dock days. A significant reduction in the cost from the peak you will see in ’15. So in that sense, it is one-off. In terms of other cost savings or other investments, we are making investments in multiple areas, whether it is a guest experience enhancement or whether it’s related to creating demand, directly through advertise or promotions, especially those kinds of things. So those we will look at on a case-by-case basis and as we see an opportunity for return, we will implement them and some are technology based enhance the guest experience are create leverage in generating demand, so it’s a host of things. So there will be some ongoing. We had a peak with that right now it’s hard to say. But what we will tell you is that, we still have a focus on cost containment and so we are confidently harvesting opportunities to reduce our costs and then we decide whether those results will go to bottom line, whether they will be reinvested to drive revenue, because it gets to the double-digit return invested capital, in the timeframe we are talking, we will have to obviously drive revenue and that is our focus.
Arnold Donald: Okay. Let’s do the China question first. In terms of partnerships, obviously, anything we do will announce at the time. Clearly, it would be safe to presume that we’re exploring all types of possibilities to see what makes the more sense and that’s one of the reasons for having Alan relocate to Shanghai and be there full time. So we’re exploring on number of possibilities. We’ll see what make sense. We’ll work with the Chinese authorities and the various private and partially stand-on enterprises that that were there. And we’ll sort it all out and we’re in the process of doing that. But if we have anything specific to announce, we’ll do it at the time. And on the expense side, go ahead David.
Arnold Donald: I would say the closing demand definitely included the Caribbean. There’s no question about that. But also was global, not so much to China on closing demand, because as I mentioned that’s a charter type business. But in terms of Europe and the Caribbean in particular, there were stronger closing demand.
Arnold Donald: Okay. So, I’ll take some because I heard some of them and I’ve to maybe check some. So first of all, in terms of costs being down in ’16, it would be premature at this point to give full clarity for ‘16, because we don’t know we are going to learn from what we’ve done this year. We’ll learn from what we do in ‘15. And we’ll make determinations on expenses going into ’16, later in ’15, in terms of what we may choose to invest in from a driving revenue and driving the business on a sustainable fashion standpoint. So, I have no prediction on the absolute. What I can tell you though is that these costs that are occurring in ’15 were related to the dry dock that two thirds of that increase at least will disappear in ’16, will not be there. It just won’t be necessary, would have made the enhancements and it just won’t be necessary than that money. So that’s what I can tell you on that part.
Arnold Donald: And then with regards to your question about North America versus Europe, in terms of, is there more strength in North America and Europe or flip-flopping the strength of the markets. I would just say that we have seen the lengthening in the booking curve and higher prices in the first half of the year so far in North America. And while we’ve seen somewhat latent of the booking curve for the first half of next year in Europe, the prices are comparable pricing, so that’s probably what you are reacting to. Having said that, I wouldn’t describe that broadly as North America being stronger than Europe or vice versa. Some of it has to do with the comparisons year-to-year and just a mix. So we’ll see how it goes. We are optimistic about both markets going into 2015.
Arnold Donald: I think the North America brands broadly, if you lob it all together, clearly the comps will be somewhat easier weighted average because of the Caribbean situation and the Carnival situation coming off of the last couple of years, so the comps will be [come] (ph). But on the other hand, you have the Costa situation where Costa is still continuing to rebound and has some additional upside. So that’s -- haven’t look that quite that way, that would be a tough call to make off the curve.
Arnold Donald: Thank you. Concerning the 10% eco impact on the higher fuel cost next year and whether some of the fuel saving technologies already in place, are that we would deploy next year doing early season dry-dock will offset that. The reality is that that 10% obviously or $0.10, excuse me, what will be pretty much eliminated going into ’16 and will be going by ’17, because of the EGC installations that we are doing. So it will go away in that context. But, obviously, we will continue to aggressively pursue not only through the Department of Technologies but also managing deployments and managing the ships on itineraries from a fuel consumption standpoint, as well as all the practices onboard. And so we will continue pursue fuel savings as we have in the past. Is there some upside in that for next year, we will have to see as we manage through, but right now we would just try to give you guys a little color, something you might not have anticipated, which was this increase in dry-dock, so we could aggressively deploy the technologies, so we can have the benefits sooner rather than later for many years to come.
Arnold Donald: Thank you. I will take the second one first. In terms of worried. We are not worried. We know the ships are coming as in the forecast we can see them. I think in general that still there is not a huge capacity expansion in the industry. Obviously, we are helping that by being very measured in the net capacity addition that we bring on. But we -- deployment makes the difference, depends whether ships all get deployed in a cluster in a given destination market. But generally speaking, it’s a big planet and we think that for the ships that we have -- we see coming that the market will be able to absorb and it will continue to be able to deliver results made to deliver. Go ahead David.
Arnold Donald: And then one last comment, measured capacity growth overall would clearly be very a good thing. We are not counting on what other people do, we can only control ourselves but obviously that would be a good thing.
Arnold Donald: Thank you. Thank you all. We really appreciate your interest and I’m sure we’ll be talking to some of you in the weeks to come. But thank you very much.
