Arnold Donald: Good morning, Robin. Thank you. First of all, the FEMA charter is immaterial to yields. The ship was basically fully sold and we did it to support the recovery efforts and there is no big benefit on that one too as financially from where we would have been otherwise. But overall, we just had strong demand in all the markets including in the Caribbean outside of the direct hurricane impacted areas. So, we had strong pickup there. The revenue management system would evolve preceded all of that, but of course the fact that we were holding on prices and we are so well booked certainly contributed, but we just saw strength in a lot of markets.
Arnold Donald: Thanks, Steve. Happy holidays to you too. Look, we always give our best guidance as you know and we are projecting another year of strong yield on top of what is now a lot tougher comparisons, because as we had in 2017. It’s really early in the booking process. Wave season hasn’t even started yet. And like every year, we do try to factor in that there will be unforeseen future events, but overall, we standby the guidance, it is on top of tougher comparisons. I wouldn’t say there were big surprises in 2017 it’s just the way things flow we had a lot of headwinds in 2017 as you know and we were able to overcome them by increasing demand for the cruises and by having factored in anticipating there will be some unforeseen events.
Arnold Donald: We are very comfortable with our capacity growth in the coming years. We have been consistent with our execution around measured capacity growth and we are going to stick with that. We are spreading that growth over a number of brands, increasing number of geographic regions and we are very careful where we add capacity. Of course we are going to try to drive yield increases at rates that we have recently achieved or even higher. In the end, that may or may not happen. We have a bit of a cushion as capacity itself is the driver for earnings growth and it’s a driver for cost containment. So, we can achieve similar earnings growth rates at lower rates of increases in yields. Of course, our objective though is to get even greater earnings growth by driving both capacity and yields.
Arnold Donald: We are under-penetrated in the industry as in every market in the world including the U.S., I will repeat something I have told you guys many times, if you add up all the cabins in the world, they add up less than the hotel rooms in the world. And so we are still very small. Cumulatively, the cruise industry sales over 25 million people a year, but dentists attracts 24 million towards the year. So, I mean, we are just small. And so yes, we are tapping every market segment and we sell in every generation, whether it’s millennials, seniors, it doesn’t matter, children. So, all of those are potential markets for us. We have 9 whirling and cruise line brands. They are all catered to a different psychographic mark. You asked about demographics. We are distributed around the world. We even distributed here in the United States with the Carnival brand, we see a lot of different markets around the U.S. And so we subgroup the markets demographically that way location wise, but primarily we are focused on the guest experience and the psychographic placement. So, we think there is opportunity and we have demonstrated so far to continue to grow demand for cruise at a faster rate than we can grow capacity and we do have constraints on capacity growth, a limited number of shipyards, which is a good thing in the end. And we take advantage of that to outpace demand with the capacity that’s available.
Arnold Donald: In China, the industry had a tough year in China this year, but I think the long-term prospects are outstanding. In 2018, there is going to be limited capacity growth in fact I think the industry is flat. We are expanding our distribution. I know others in the industry are doing the same. We are working very closely with our existing distributors there to connect that latent demand note with the few ships that are there. We are still very return focused. We have no hesitation to relocate a ship if necessary for it to overall have more accretive return for our business and just keep in mind it’s still so small. Today, it represents only 5% of our capacity, maybe 1 million cruise tours out of 130 million outbound tours in China. So, everything is really tiny. To predict that although obviously everybody is more optimistic, I think we seem to be selling down a bit with expanded distribution, we factored in some improvement in our guidance, but we will just have to wait and see.
Arnold Donald: I think absolutely the market is already there for tourism, you go anywhere in the world, you will find mainland Chinese, behaving like tourists from any other place in the world. So, yes the cruise business started out early with a few local destinations there, close in destinations which were very shopping oriented, but there’s no question that mainland Chinese are showing up on ships all over the world now not just ships imported in China and the ships imported in China will see over time itineraries expanded to go to more distant places some for the purpose of tourism versus a good deal on merchandise item.
Arnold Donald: Well, again, we got tougher comparisons year-to-year now and we’re giving out our best guidance. In terms of the hurricane impact, clearly there has been some kind of impact, but frankly the markets have recovered, it’s hard for us to really identify what impact, I’m sure there is some individuals that are shying away from the Caribbean still despite. The industry efforts and our efforts and each the other cruise lines efforts to that people know the Caribbean is open and the Caribbean is for everyone. And but haven’t said that we – we see continued strong bookings in the Caribbean. And we give you our best guidance and you guys those conservative, but again there – we always try to factoring things that can go wrong and obviously a lot of things happened this year, a lot of things happened every year and so we try to account for that.
Arnold Donald: We don’t have any concerns at this point about the momentum or the bookings in the Caribbean. We are doing very well there and we are pacing things the way we want pacing then and we feel really good about it.
Arnold Donald: Yes. Conceptually, we can answer we won’t dimensionalize it with percentages anything, but conceptually we are going to go to 90% of the inventory for those 6 brands going through the process of utilizing it too in the spring. So, we are going to have a lot more inventory going forward being impacted in 2018 with the whole system, which includes the two, the new revenue management tool. So, we are expecting obviously that to be a positive contributor. And given the guidance for the years, but the bottom line is we are 4 to 5 in our beliefs of achieving what we have said because of the incremental amount of inventory that’s now be moving through the system that includes that two.
Arnold Donald: Yes, I think anything that allows more destinations and encourages travel is a positive clearly. Itinerary planning has been set. That doesn’t mean that things wouldn’t change if there were opportunities to do so. So, opening it up would only be a positive, how much of a positive, it’s hard to say at this point, it will depend on a number of factors, but I’d say about what I said before keep in mind overall 5% of our capacity we are planning. We accommodate a lot in the guidance and so something like that would just be a small incremental positive, probably wouldn’t be able to measure it.
Arnold Donald: I don’t think we change anything to take a yield hit that’s not normally in our modus operandi. So, we would definitely expect an improvement.
Arnold Donald: We control our capacity increases as we mentioned we’ve got 1.9% in 2018 and we, as you know, booked well out and well ahead. So, the quick answer to your question is no, we don’t see any weakness or anything, but of course, we monitor very closely that’s our mobile and we will do what we need to do, but at this point in time, absolutely, things are as we have indicated.
Arnold Donald: Just follow-on a little bit we are in a better book position year-over-year and feel really good about that. When you have the additives and stuff relative rates of growth and all that come into play, but overall we are in a better book position, we definitely as David said, feel even better about the guidance now then we would have a quarter ago and looking forward to a great 2018.
Arnold Donald: Yes. Concerning the 2019 and returning to the Eastern med, you are right, I mean those are some of the higher yielding itineraries. We would love to have them back. At this point in time, we just have to monitor and see what happens the world is volatile and ever-changing place and in the end we take yes, where they are willing to go and they want to go and so we are cautiously optimistic, but don’t feel comfortable predicting at this point.
Arnold Donald: Okay, thank you. Yes, concerning hedge and a collar, we have never hedged. We have done the collars, where as you point out we have through 2018. We will monitor it closely. We do it to protect against spikes and rises in fuel costs primarily from a cash management standpoint and what have you. So, we will look at our overall situation and make a determination about beyond 2018 and we look at it constantly. So, we will stay on that, but right now, we are covered through 2018 as you pointed out, but we have never hedged and at this point in time we have no intention to.
Arnold Donald: I will take that one. It’s never optimized. We are always trying to get through that. Hopefully asymptotically, we are approaching optimization, but we are not ahead yet, so we are not chasing it.
Arnold Donald: Yes. You are right the midpoint of the guidance will have a double-digit yield, the high end of the range was comfortably above and the low end of the range would cause us to scramble to get to the actual goal of double-digits.
Arnold Donald: The 45 plus year history of the company, it’s only been one year, where onboard revenues didn’t increased year-over-year and I’d say we’ve number of initiatives on the way now should keep that trend going in the positive direction. Rate of increase has helped us that bounces around little bit, but will be growing onboard revenues.
Arnold Donald: Yes, well, there is a lift for sure with because of the economies of scale and cabin mix and so on and so forth especially as we also retire out some of the less efficient vessels. So, there is absolutely a contribution to yield that, but obviously the bigger contribution is going to be creating the demand in excess to the supply and clearly you can hear from the comments in the call earlier we are very much focused on that and you can see it out in the marketplace everywhere. So, our goal is to keep cruise out in a positive way, touch people multiple times, multiple ways at least a week hopefully a day so that when it comes time for them to think about a holiday or a vacation that they consider cruise. We know we are helping the industry overall to do that, but because of opposition in the industry, we know we benefit disproportionately when we do that. And so that is focused along with cost containment and a smart capital management.
Arnold Donald: Okay. I want to thank you all for being with us. Sincere happy holidays to everyone. Thank you for your interest in the Carnival Corporation. We are focused on delivering double-digit return on invested capital in 2018 achieving or beating the guidance and we look forward to talking to you guys in between in the next quarter earning call. Thank you.
David Bernstein: Yes, the only thing I will add to that is we also saw strength in the onboard. I indicated the onboard yields were up 4.1%, which was considerably more than we had guided to.
David Bernstein: Anecdotally, the industry managed to 13% industry-wide growth and 11% growth plus in the Caribbean in quarter three of 2017 and we still drove strong yield improvement. Yes, I just want to reinforce that we are totally focused on measured capacity growth and we are totally focused on achieving and sustaining double-digit return on invested capital. So for some reason, we fail in creating the demand then we are fully prepared to accelerate retirements and with our scale that matters and so we are focused on growing earnings and not just the number of ships.
David Bernstein: And keep in mind that the backdrop is that travel and tourism has been growing about 4% a year and is expected to continue to grow at that rate. So, we are in a very good position in a growing industry. And as Arnold said, we expect to do very well with and very comfortable with our capacity growth.
David Bernstein: Sure. The increase in dry dock days is really driven in the second quarter. So it wouldn’t surprise me if the second quarter was up probably double the first quarter on a per ALBD basis, but you will see a significant decline in net cruise costs in the back half of the year as a result of the lower dry dock days particularly in the fourth quarter.
David Bernstein: As Felicia had dictated, I mean we are not talking about a significant difference in occupancy, we did say it was behind. We are getting good booking trends. They have returned to normal. And so we are just in very small range of differences here. And as I had indicated the prices are up. So, we feel very comfortable with our guidance for the first quarter. And as we have told everybody, it is our best guess and we will continue to work hard to do better.
David Bernstein: And in the end I mean it’s a forecast that we always get a bunch of small positives and a bunch of small negatives. We are not all knowing and we give you the best guidance we can. So, hopefully, it does open up and that materialized its course.
David Bernstein: Yes. Keep in mind, we use additives to try to just give a relative sense of the things, but we have to have a point in which we cut the additive lost. So you can, you’re talking about very small nuances and small changes from one period to the other. The difference being in September, I quoted the first half of the year this year I quoted the full year, but we’re really dealing with very small changes in terms of our confidence in 2018 we were confident in 2018 back in September, we’re even more confident now it’s a quarter later, we’ve got a lot more bookings on the books for 2018, prices are higher the booking momentum particularly in the Caribbean has normalized itself. So we feel very good about 2018. The only big difference between September and today was the – but I talked about fueling currency, there was a big swing in my comments, I indicated that between fueling currency from 3 months ago to today.
David Bernstein: And as far as your second question is concerned in Southern Europe, remember that our Costa brand, their focus is on Southern Europe, Italy, France and Spain. We have talked about – we don’t go into details by brands, but a number of times we have talked about seeing an improving economy in the southern part of Europe for a long time, we had talked about it bouncing along the bottom, but we have started to seeing some improvement and we have seen confidence Costa has done very well in 2017 and we expect it to do well in 2018 in addition. So, we are comfortable and very confident and happy to see the improvement in that part of the world.
David Bernstein: So – and as far as the booking curve is concerned, I mean, we did say we were further ahead than last year, but again we keep on evaluating our book position. We are always looking for the optimal point in the booking curve and changes over time and so we will continue to push out the booking curve as long as it makes economic sense and we will continue to look at how to maximize revenue by balancing price versus occupancy at all points in the booking curve.
David Bernstein: Given the $34 billion, $35 billion investment base we have, it takes about $350 million to add a point of ROIC or a 10th of the point is $35 million which is roughly $0.05 give or take so that’s just some rules of thumb that you can go by, but I will caution you because our balance sheet does move with currency so all adjust as our P&L does. So, all of these numbers move over time and these calculations we made or the currency levels that we have included in our guidance in the press release.
David Bernstein: Yes, we are ahead for each quarter but at this point it is a little early to give guidance for each of the quarters, the guidance for the first quarter – the midpoint was 2% in comparison to the 2.5% for the full year. So, we are looking to do – our guidance includes better yields in the first quarter in the second, third and fourth, but it’s a little early for us to try to break that down by quarter. Wave season hasn’t even started yet and there is a lot left to go. So I am hesitant to give that kind of detailed guidance.
David Bernstein: The one thing you will see differences there over time and a lot of it has to do with how much is on the books and what currency, because when we get the payments, the currency gets locked in. So, there are some differences there that can be reflected over time.
David Bernstein: So, we have been making lots of changes in China as Arnold discussed, we’re talking about increasing the number of distributors. We’ve moved away from charters and more towards group business. And so overall as Arnold had indicated with the lower capacity next year, we were looking to see improvements in China, we’re seeing them in booking patterns and we expect to see hopefully that in the actual results as the year progresses.
David Bernstein: There were a variety of things in all areas, I mean beverage, casino shore excursions, I mean, lots of different things, retail shops where we’ve done throughout the year and the way we’re not stopping, I mean we’ve got a lot of efforts going on, I don’t if you saw the recent press release and Carnival Cruise Lines all the different things they’re doing on the retail side. So our teams continue to focus on that and we believe there is a lot of opportunity in 2018 and beyond.
David Bernstein: Yes, it was – the hurricanes hit in early to mid September and we saw the disruptions and so basically the disruptions occurred in late September and October and it bounced back and by the time what we were indicating is by the time we got that to early November, we had seen a return to a normalized pattern.
Beth Roberts: Q1 is up 2.2, Q2 is 1.3, Q3 is 1.7, Q4 is 2.6 that’s a total year of 1.9 CapEx for 2018 it’s 4.4 billion, 2019 it’s 5.1 billion, 2020 it’s 4.8 billion and 2021 it’s 3.9 billion and I think I missed one of your questions.
Beth Roberts: D&A is 460 to 470 for the first quarter and 2.02 billion for the year, interest it’s 40 to 50 for the quarter and 180 to 190 for the year.
Beth Roberts: I would like to add that in spite of the spring when it’s rolled out a lot of 2018 will be behind us. So, to the extent that we have a bigger benefit in 2019 from the tool itself keep that in mind.
