David Bernstein: Essentially for all three quarters, we are essentially at higher volumes and slightly lower prices, albeit there are different levels of increases and different amounts of lower prices between the quarters, but that's the overall trend at the moment. Keep in mind that while the booking volumes have been very good, we did expect to see booking volumes, good booking volumes in the first quarter. When we -- in December on the conference call, we talked about being behind and we knew we had to catch up, and in order to catch up, you need good booking volumes. So this is pretty much in line with our expectations.
David Bernstein: As we’ve been saying all along on a number of voyages, they are willing to give up a couple of points of occupancy to hold price. So we are seeing some, a couple of points down in the first quarter on Carnival Cruise Lines.
David Bernstein: Yeah. Steve, historically, we had given some ranges out. For instance, we said in the current quarter we might be like 80% to 90% booked, one quarter out 50% to 70%, two quarters out 30% to 50%. And so I think, previously in the latter part of last year, I said we were at the lower end or slightly below the historical booking ranges. So now, we are a little bit better than we had previously been but still towards the lower end of the booking ranges.
David Bernstein: Sure. Overall, we had indicated that we expected to see Carnival down in the back half of last year and in the first half of this year in the mid-to-high single digits, and then we had talked about them turning positive in the back half of 2014 after we lapped the shipped incidents, the voyage disruptions. So in the first quarter, Carnival turned out to be a little bit better than we expected, which helped exceed the guidance, but we are still, I guess, are forecasting our guidance for the remaining quarters remains unchanged.
David Bernstein: Yeah. But I don't worry about the consumer getting used to the lower prices. I mean, this has happened before we saw lower prices in 2009 and the prices came back up in ‘10 and ‘11. So as the economy improves and as the demand is there, we should be able to get the pricing back without any problem. This has happened a number of times in our history.
David Bernstein: Yeah. It’s very hard for us. There is no direct competitors. It’s very hard for us -- the competitors like Royal Caribbean, its multiple brands in multiple markets. So whereas Carnival Cruise Lines focuses primarily on the Caribbean, so very hard to do a direct comparison the way you're describing.
David Bernstein: I can give you a little color on us in total versus our competition that might be helpful, because if you go back, we lost about 10% to yield in 2009 and we got back in ‘10 and ‘11 about half of that. And we had hope to regain the second half in the following years ‘12 and ’13. But unfortunately with the ship incidents today, we are about 11% behind 2008 yields. In comparison, our competition with their 2014 guidance should be close to their 2008 yields. And hopefully as our brands recover, both Carnival Cruise Lines and Costa, we can recoup getting back to the 2008 yields as well. Hotel RevPARs are also back to those levels. We have every reason to believe we can get back there as well.
David Bernstein: Yeah. And the comments I made was around brand perceptions. And so a Switcher by definition is probably going to be last because they have a brand they are with and you are trying to get them to switch. And so you need to have perhaps more cause, more rationale for them to switch from a brand they are all in to go to another brand. And so any kind of negative noise makes them more difficult obviously.
David Bernstein: Yes. Well, first of all, the guidance for the second quarter, part of that is impacted by the 19% capacity increase in the Caribbean that we’re expecting and the promotional rates that are out in the market as a result of that. Each quarter has its unique set of circumstances. The third quarter, we had indicated or I should say the back half, I had indicated that yields would be positive in the back half. And of course, the third quarter will be impacted to some degree by Japan and so that taking into account. But all we said was positive in the third quarter and slightly down for the full year.
David Bernstein: And as far as Costa is concerned, I mean, I had indicated earlier in the call, Costa was up a couple of points in the first quarter. So Costa, remember, is 15% of our overall capacity and the yields in the first quarter were down 2.1%. So it probably would have been down slightly more than that without Costa, but you can do the math.
David Bernstein: Yeah. Well, there were so many factors, Jamie, that go into customer deposits on year-over-year basis. I mean, this pro-rated voyages they show excursions, there is charter deposits and a whole bunch of other things, including currency movements on a year-over-year basis. So it is very difficult for you to read in. The other thing to keep in mind is that ticket prices are down on a year-over-year basis, so that does also affect the customer deposit and Carnival Cruise Lines, I think, also had a program with a lower deposit for a number of voyages which generated a lot of volume. Now, typically, we don’t see any difference in the overall cancellation experience with those lower deposits. So that was something that stimulates a lot of bookings as well. So there are a lot of factors that make it difficult for you to read into the trends in bookings versus customer deposits.
David Bernstein: Yeah. I think the most significant thing that you have to think about is fourth quarter we do expect costs to be down and the reason is, if you remember last year in the fourth quarter, we had talked about Carnival Cruise Lines new advertising campaign and how we had increased advertising. So, there is a difference seasonalization of the advertising this year and therefore, we would expect cost to be down in the fourth quarter and that's probably the missing piece that puts it together for you.
David Bernstein: Well, we increased the whole overall advertising, but the big increase in Q1 and Q2 was on the advertising side, yes. There were other increases in insurance and crew travel and few other things, but the thing that drove the majority of the increase was advertising.
David Bernstein: Yeah. We will give you that guidance when we get to next quarter, I mean, at this point, it built into our full year, there is a lot of bookings left to go for the third quarter, we are probably about halfway there and the fourth quarter is probably a third of the way there. So, there is a lot left to go. Typically, of course, the third quarter is the strongest summer season for us. So that bodes well for the yields in that particular timeframe. But it’s a little early for us to give detail guidance.
David Bernstein: Yeah. Well, the -- we don’t have all the detailed itineraries for our competitors and everybody. But I took a look at the first quarter and for our North American brands for the first quarter, we are expecting a small decrease in the capacity in the Caribbean, primarily driven by the fact that Carnival Legend was announced is moving down to Australia, which will reduce our capacity in the Caribbean. So, that should be helpful, I have seen other announcements, but we will be putting all that data together on a consolidated basis and hope to have that before the next call.
David Bernstein: Yeah. Well, what I had said on the previous and answering the previous question is that for the current quarter we're in 80% to 90% and then the next question we are out 50% to 70%, and I've said we were towards the lower end of those rang. So, it gives you a good indication of where we are for Q2 and 3.
David Bernstein: You know on the Carnival Sunshine which was a major refurbishments, we had plan that out with extra revenue on the additional cabin that we put in, extra onboard revenue relating as Arnold indicated to all the Fun Ship 2.0 improvement. So one thing that turned out to be very favorable that we hadn’t anticipated or we didn’t put into our forecast, I should say, was the extra ticket pricing in the premium we were getting there as a result of the refurbishments. So we were very pleased with that. And it’s virtually like a new build. We renamed the ship and add a lot of great features with the water park and the ropes course and all. So we were -- we're pleased with that. We are seeing that the refurbishments have a positive halo effect across the fleet. We bring out the new features on the new ships and then we try to retrofit them across the fleet to maintain a consistent brand standard. And that's very powerful and very helpful and we've been doing that for while and we’ll continue to do that as we move forward.
David Bernstein: Yeah. I think as far as the overall forecast is concerned, what we did is we assumed that things remained the same, that things didn't get deteriorate, and we built support cast on that premise. We have -- Costa has announced some changes in their itinerary because they had some ships going to the Ukraine in May. They're replacing the Ukraine with Bulgaria, and in overnight in Istanbul, that's been announced. There are some other Costa and AIDA, and if I remember correctly, Seabourn go there in the third quarter. And we're monitoring that carefully and I would expect that those itineraries would change as well. As far as Japan is concerned, I guess it's safe to say that like many new markets when you enter, you do have to invest a little bit. I've used that term before. It's a nice way of saying we're losing some money in the market, but we are very bullish on the overall prospects for Japan. And we believe it's worth the investment as we continue to develop the market. As far as advertising…
David Bernstein: Yeah. Of the 20% that Arnold mentioned versus 12%, a little bit more than half of that was last year and the rest of it was in 2014. I had indicated in December, part of the increase was due to higher advertising.
David Bernstein: Yes. Today, we had put it previously on the Queen Victoria. I think we had said that on previous calls that we were testing it and it was working well. We were completely pleased with the results. We’ve put it on six additional ships. Probably have 20 plus ships with scrubbers before the end of the year. Between that and the exemptions that we got for 2015, we had indicated in the 10-K that we didn't expect to see the ECA have a significant impact on our cost structure for 2015. The numbers previously in prior 10-Ks were a few hundred million dollar impact as a result of the low-sulfur fuel. We're progressing, we're pleased with the progress we're making, and we will continue to roll the scrubbers out over time both in ‘15 and ‘16.
David Bernstein: Okay. Well, there are three ships that are currently in port, two Carnival ships and one Princess ship. Unfortunately, we don’t know exactly when the channel will open up. I guess, at the moment if the channel opened up this week and the future cruises were to occur as normal, it might cost us a penny in the second quarter. But this is a fluid situation and I do hope they can get it cleaned up and the channel opened this week. And yeah, we do it -- by the way, under the current law we do expect recovery of the lost revenue in the incremental costs under the OPA regulations and insurance. So we would expect to see a recovery at some point later this year, the additional costs.
David Bernstein: Sure. At AIDA, unfortunately because of the loss of the Red Sea program and the very popular Egypt itineraries, we had to make some changes. Those didn't occur this year. And as a result, the yields were down just a little bit in the first quarter. In the U.K., the U.K. has done some changes to their pricing programs in their commission structures. So, while their first quarter was impacted, we do expect an improving trend in the U.K. overall. So, hopefully that gives you a look a little bit more color on what’s going on.
Arnold Donald: Okay. I’ll start with your cost question first. Obviously, our greatest opportunity is on the revenue side. But the reality is we do spend as I mentioned over $6 billion, not counting fuel and not counting personnel, and not counting payroll. And largely that spend today is uncoordinated. There are portions of it that are to some degree across a few brands, one or two areas that are more broadly, but the majority of it is not coordinated, and that just is a natural result of having run the brands very independently and very successfully, very independently. So any corporation can always be more efficient. And when you have that level of spend that historically has not been aggressively coordinated, by definition there is opportunity there. And so, I just mentioned the one area of airline and hotel for crew where we spend between that and ports, over $1.3 billion a year, and we haven’t set an arbitrary target. We’re doing it from the ground up and we’re doing the work to see where the opportunities lie. But from a reasonableness test, which is a 1%, as reasonable savings, almost certainly right. 5% of $6 billion will be $300 million, 10% will be $600 million, exactly what the number turns out to be across that $6 billion base. We’ll see as we go to these individual areas of opportunity and quantify them more rigorously and look at where the opportunities are. So that work has begun. Once we've done that, we’ll prioritize which ones we attack first. And overtime, we’ll realize the latent opportunity that’s there through collaboration, coordination, and communication across our 10 brands. Hope that answers your question, Steve. Go ahead, David.
Arnold Donald: I think as we look down through the year, obviously the comparisons are going to get easier right off the bat because the second half of last year was post the voyage disruptions that occurred. And in terms of just the building momentum, the Caribbean had a lot of capacity expansion, 10% for Carnival and even more than over 19% for the industry. So there will probably be some continued pressure from that, but overall we do see significant strengthening in the Carnival.
Arnold Donald: It really is difficult. The brands are different. They cater to different psychographic segments. They have different comparisons for what ships were where in the previous year, et cetera and so you are often comparing apples and oranges. And so we tend to not look at it that way but we do look at how we are doing relative to how we’ve done in the past and how we anticipate we should be doing given our deployments and what equipment we have where.
Arnold Donald: Yeah. I think first of all, understanding the guest psychographics increasingly is clearly an immediate task that we have across the 10 brands. So, we continue to do deep dives and that is an area where we are collaborating across the brands and as opposed to doing 10 different segmentation studies. We will be able to do a much more rigorous market research effort at probably less cost frankly than doing 10 independent ones and get much better insight. But generally speaking, sure, each segment has his own price elasticity curve. A Loyalist, now they make, take an extra cruise or two if pricing is lower. The Switchers might be more compelled to switch to a brand with a better price offerings and so on. And the new to cruise, that's where all the heavy-duty action has been across all the brands, ours and other cruise company brands is to get to new to cruise onboard. And that's always been more of a price sensitive market for the majority of psychographic targets, not so much to ultra-luxury but short of that has been somewhat prices. So measuring that and that changes with time. Geopolitical influences it. Economy influences it. Just general mood influences it. So these are all conceptual things, but we are going from concept to rigor and modeling in our price models and our psychology of pricing through the work we have underway.
Arnold Donald: And it is the smaller segment of the population. Beth just pointed out. That is in most cruisers or either new to cruise or they would fall into the category of Loyalist.
Arnold Donald: Yes. First of all, let’s go to your pricing question, we feel and brand recover, we are very enthused by what we see in the Carnival brand in terms of the pace of recovery and in terms of how we shot up. Obviously, we had a better than expected first quarter with Carnival, and that’s extremely encouraging and affirming to us. And as I mentioned in my opening comments, I’m very proud of the Carnival brand team through their innovations and hard work they put in place to accelerate that brand recovery. So we are very encouraged on the Carnival brand. That will be the first comment. In terms of more broadly looking down the road, we will continue to invest to build demand because that’s what the industry needs and that’s what we need. Our ships sail pretty much full, if not full, so do the competitor. And the issue is not about that, the issue is at what price. And so the greater demand, obviously the more we’re able to capture the great value that we offer to guests and we do believe this is the greatest vacation value there is. And so obviously, we want to drive demand, and we will do that through promotion period. So that’s advertising through social media, or whatever, and we will continue to invest in that. Having said that, do I think those -- that investment in the future will offset any potential savings that we have across the large base of spend we have? No, I don’t expect that. Will we reallocate some of those savings to additional promotional investment, if we see a return on those investments? Absolutely, yes. But the reality here is, I think there is more opportunity collectively over time to show improved overall cost performance, even given continued investment and promotional spend.
Arnold Donald: Yes. Costa has picked up as well. Costa had the double whammy of disruption and then obviously the European economy. And the European economy is still choppy, but it’s obviously strengthened. And we do see accelerated progress in the Costa brand. And I’ve given huge plaudits to our Carnival brand team, but our Costa team deserves huge plaudits well. And they have done a great job in managing the brand and all the dynamics around the brand recovery. So they obviously had a very different level incident than Carnival brand did. So they had a much more serious incident. They were in a much tougher economic environment. And so those -- both of those things weighing heavily to affect the pace of recovery, but they are doing well. Now, we’re very confident and excited looking ahead for Costa as well.
Arnold Donald: We haven’t quantified the cost savings opportunities yet preciously, and I want to hold on that until I’ve given the teams the opportunity to really drill down. We like giving you guys numbers that we have high degree of confidence in, and so we’re going to do that the right way. Some of that will be revealed by the time we get to talk to you again. Some of it may be somewhat obvious. And as appropriate, we will lay out targets if we feel it’s of any real value to all. But the bottom line is, we are still working all of that. Directionally, I certainly see overall opportunities for efficiencies on the cost side. But again I want to point out, our opportunity is scale. We have 78 million passenger cruise days a year. We have 10 million guests a year. And on the revenue side, small moves on the revenue side produce substantial cash flow and operating earnings opportunity for us. And so we are going to do both, we are going to walk and chew gum, but the big opportunity is clearly on the revenue side.
Arnold Donald: Yeah. I think on Fun Ship 2.0 is certainly one of the reasons why we've seen accelerated recovery in the brand. I don’t think there is any doubt about that. And so even though we've got tough comparisons given all the moving parts and all the various variables, there is no question in our minds that Fun Ship 2.0 has lifted our yields relative to where they would have been and probably lifted our occupancy as well. So we are absolutely declaring success on that one. And we continue to innovate as you know we have the 60 concerts that are planned for the Carnival brand this year. We're seeing some lift across the number of those as well both in terms of booking trends and pricing.
Arnold Donald: Okay, so first of all with regards to the Ukraine, the geopolitical issues have been periodically almost every year somewhere. And it’s clearly the Ukraine has impacted some itineraries in terms of demand and attitude and orientation for guests to seek a particular itinerary. It's had a bit of a halo effect for a period of time on the European bookings period. On the other hand, European bookings continue to be strong and we're seeing a good yield and good occupancy trends there. So yes, it's had an impact, but there is a lot of variables and it all comes out in the wash, so to say. So it only represents about 0.7% of our capacity. So there is some halo effect going across. Go ahead, David, you wanted to make …
Arnold Donald: Yes, the advertising, the increase, as I referenced was over 2012. We were back a couple of years because of the increases that we did put in place in 2013 year at the end. But directionally, we'll make an ongoing judgment. I'm always looking to see impact for dollars invested. We had not advertised, for example, in the Princess Line for almost 10 years, that's for ad campaign. And so we'll examine it. I'm a personal believer and pulsing that you advertise for a period of time, then you take a little break and you advertise. We have 10 brands. We can manage that over but we’ll see how it works out and I don't have any preconceived notions. I want to hear from the brands in terms of what they think is having the greatest impact and evidence they can provide to that. Fundamentally, we're going to promote our brands. And from an overall direction, I don't have a big prediction for you. But I don't see us do anything dramatically in terms of dramatic increases absent a clear return prospect.
Arnold Donald: Yeah, for the full year, though unless something really prolongs this, we don’t see a material impact on our guidance.
Arnold Donald: And I will say in general, in Europe, we do as I mentioned earlier on the call, with the booking curves being moved out we see strength in Europe. And again, it’s reflected in our guidance, but we actually see a strong performance collectively in Europe this year.
Arnold Donald: Hey. Thank you all very much. We look forward to visiting with you next quarter and in between. And I thank you for your time.
