David Bernstein: Sure. As far as the occupancy is concerned, we did see Carnival sail with some empty cabins in the back half of the year. That was just a couple of points of occupancy down from their historic numbers. The EAA brands, keep in mind that there are 6 brands in total. The Costa yields were actually up double digits in the fourth quarter and the other brands were down and offset that, which is how we wound up with the overall 2%.
David Bernstein: We did see pricing recovery, but it is early, given the booking trends where it is early. And when -- we don't normally give specific guidance by brand as we move forward. But keep in mind, for Costa, the deployment has changed quite a bit and particularly in the winter.
David Bernstein: As I think I had indicated, I mean, the booking volumes for the first half are up, but they are up at lower prices. Clearly, as we've said a number of times over the last year, where we are, we are at the lower end of -- or slightly below our historical booking curve. So we are trying to catch up. We are encouraged by the volumes. And so it's hard to relate to the scraping that you do because the scrapings, in many cases, only relate to prices on a few cabins and not to the overall yield trend for us. So hopefully, that provides you some additional color.
David Bernstein: And as far as the question about the last-minute bookings, for the fourth quarter, clearly, the last-minute bookings were strong and better than we expected, particularly at Carnival Cruise Lines, which is why we exceeded the guidance. We have anticipated within our guidance for 2014 good bookings throughout the year, particularly the last minute, which is all baked into our best estimate of guidance where yields are down slightly for the year.
David Bernstein: Sure. Yes, the expected CapEx for 2014 is $2.9 billion. For '15, it's $2.8 billion; and for '16, it's $2.9 billion.
David Bernstein: Yes, Harry, we don't get into a lot of detail. I mean, we are a couple of -- a number of percentage points behind. A lot of this has to do with what happened throughout 2013. But in some cases, some of our brands felt that they would rather be patient. We could have moved the booking curve closer in by lowering price, but in many cases, you're better off being patient waiting, holding your price, knowing very well that the bookings will come at a higher price. So we are trying to manage that, as we always do, and hopefully, we will maximize the yields for 2014.
David Bernstein: Oh, no, no, no. It -- believe me, if -- we never let the bookings get too far behind. The -- we're always carefully managing that on a voyage-by-voyage, cabin-by-cabin category basis.
David Bernstein: Yes. Yes, the booking volumes [indiscernible] 13 weeks have been significantly better and we did catch up a few points.
David Bernstein: Yes. Overall, Asia is probably about 5% of our capacity for 2014. The yields in Asia are a little bit below the overall corporate average. We have talked a lot about a continued expansion into Asia. So you'll hear more about that in the future. And as far as the returns, keep in mind that it is early and we are continuing to invest, particularly in the advertising and promotion, throughout the region. So it is fair to say that the returns in Asia at the moment aren't where we'd like them to be, but we do expect over time for them to increase and we do expect it to be a solid part of our business in the future.
David Bernstein: That's a -- it's a tough question. I think the whole concept here is, as I said before, it's early, there's a lot of uncertainty. The brands are recovering. So it...
David Bernstein: It's pre-wave. So we're not giving a specific number, but clearly, we will have a much better indication during the wave season. And so by the time we get to March, I think we will be in a much better position because, as we've said before, that during the wave season, a big chunk of the third quarter, which as Arnold said is a lot of our profitability is booked, so we'll have a much better feel for where we are for the year when we get to March.
David Bernstein: Yes. Well, I guess, in terms of the future, we've been consistently saying that there are so many things we're working on, on the horizon. And by the way, we do have 101 ships, so not every ship have we implemented every single fuel consumption savings yet. So as the ships go into dry dock, we continue to roll out new things. And we do expect, as we've said, in the long term, 2% to 3% fuel consumption reduction each year for about as far out as we can see. We're talking 4% for next year. We did a little bit better. And these things come both in tweaking the itineraries and also in new technology that we put on board the ship. One of the things that has been a great fuel saver is -- are the air conditioning, the HVAC systems. HVAC probably represents 25% of our fuel consumption. And anybody who owns a house knows that if they install a new air-conditioning compressor versus maybe the 10- or 15-year-old one that they had in their house, they're going to save on their electric bill. Well, the same thing works true on a cruise ship. So we are -- that's part of our CapEx. We are installing those things, as well as lots of other things which create savings for us.
David Bernstein: The whole first half was behind. I didn't give any specific color by quarter, but the whole first half is -- was behind at this moment but catching up. Both quarters are catching up at this point. The bookings for both quarters are good. So that's why, instead of going through the details for each quarter, I just tried to give the whole first half summary. And it's pretty much the same for first versus second, except the first is further booked than the second at this point, which is what you would expect.
David Bernstein: Sure. Hang on one second. Let's see, the first quarter is 1.8%; second quarter, 4.9%; third quarter, 2.2%; third (sic) [fourth] quarter, 2.5%...
David Bernstein: I think, on the cost side, the only thing I'd like to add is we have said a number of times that we expect net cruise costs, excluding fuel, to be flat to half of inflation in the long term. We hope that we can do better than that, and we strive to do better than that, but that's a good starting point for guidance for '15 going forward. As far as the range is concerned, traditionally, we had given a range of, let's say, $0.20 in December. If you look back, that's where most of the years were. Because of the greater degree of uncertainty, we widened the range. And there wasn't any particular magic to the $0.40 range. Keep in mind that every percentage point on yield is $0.15. So what we're talking here is a range that maybe is a little over 2 percentage points on yield. Percentage points of cost is $0.09. So that's got to be factored in as well. But that gives you some indication. And we do feel comfortable with the range, and that's why we put it out there.
David Bernstein: And the last question as far as the CapEx is concerned, for 2014, it's about $1.4 billion of non-newbuild. It's also $1.4 billion for 2015. And for 2016, it's about $1 billion of non-newbuild CapEx.
David Bernstein: Sure. Costa, you're right, it was down about 15% in 2012, and the recovery was 4% in 2013. And we do expect to see continued recovery in 2014. The Carnival yields, keep in mind that the first half for -- particularly the first quarter for Carnival Cruise Lines was very strong. So the yields for the year were down, like, in the mid-single digits. The back half of the year was obviously a tad higher than that.
David Bernstein: Yes. The testing on the scrubbers still is very positive and everything seems to be going very well. We're in the process of updating that calculation that you mentioned, where last year, we disclosed the $265 million impact. At this point, it's fair to say that more than the majority of that $265 million will disappear, so the number will be less than half, but it's a little early for me to give the exact number. It's a complicated calculation that looks at all 101 ships and looks at the itineraries in 2014 that we have out there. And we'll disclose -- some more details in our 10-K. But it's fair to say it's more than the majority will disappear.
David Bernstein: Okay, as far as the fuel price per metric tonne, Sharon, it was in the press release. The full year is $650 per metric tonne on 3.2 million metric tonnes. So that's our fuel expense for 2014. As far as the web traffic is concerned, I personally haven't gotten an update on that. I will say that we have seen a uptick in overall web bookings from the prior year, a couple of percent. And as far as the marketing is concerned...
David Bernstein: On the onboard spend, overall, for 2012, we were just up 0.5%. I mean, the fourth quarter in constant dollars was up 1.2%. And I think I had said previously that the fourth quarter was driven by about a 2% increase in EAA and that was tempered by the North American yields being flat. Flat in the fourth quarter for North America was an improvement, I had indicated over the third quarter. So the trend seems to be in the right direction. Given where we were for 2013, what we built into the 2014 guidance was yields up a little over 1%. We are doing lots of different things on the onboard revenue side to booster that number up. Our operating companies, some of them, are continuing to roll out the all-inclusive drink program; the high-end photography; and other things. So we are looking to see better yields, and I hope we can beat that number.
Arnold W. Donald: On the recovery -- this is Arnold. On the recovery of Costa and Carnival, we said in previous calls that, traditionally, other industries, other incidents, 2 to 3 years for recovery. The Costa recovery has been impeded somewhat by the weak European economy and just the weakness in a lot of the markets where Costa sources their passengers. But we are seeing lifting in yields and occupancy in Costa, but the recovery may take longer than the 2- to 3-year norm that [Audio Gap]
Arnold W. Donald: Sorry, everyone, it seemed to have dropped. We have no idea what happened, but we apologize. I'm not sure exactly where we dropped and where we were in the comments. So I'll just repeat the answer to the question to make sure we covered it. Concerning the Costa and Carnival, as I was saying, the Costa recovery has been somewhat impaired by the weak situation in the European markets where a number of the passengers are sourced. So we are seeing some delay. However, the Costa yields are trending up, as is occupancy. With regards to Carnival, we've experienced some accelerated recovery in Carnival, experiencing that and especially here in the fourth quarter, the fourth quarter that just closed, but we are cautious looking forward to make certain we have a clear view after the wave season given the added capacity that's going into the Caribbean. But at this point, certainly, the Carnival recovery is a little bit ahead of that 2- to 3-year time frame that is conventional kind of thinking concerning recovery of brands that have suffered incidents.
Arnold W. Donald: Okay, concerning the first portion of the question, in terms of lay up or selling off ships, obviously, we evaluate that on an ongoing basis all the time. Clearly, we took out a Costa vessel this year. But if a vessel is not sustaining its contribution over time, obviously, we'll lay it up. And then as some vessels age, when there is a market -- and as you know, there's not a big secondary market for these ships. When there is a market, we'll divest of it. But that's an ongoing evaluation. And we look for sustained indications to make a decision, but we have no problems whatsoever laying up or discontinuing ships that are not contributing. In terms of the costs for 2015, at this point, I'd say that, obviously, we will continue with our focus on costs. We will continue to invest to stimulate demand and innovate our products to drive ticket yields and revenues because that's the bigger engine, but we will continue to focus on cost. And through the collaboration and coordination across the brands, we're expecting to show good cost performance going forward.
Arnold W. Donald: Yes, I would say that the comment David made earlier about keeping costs flat to half of inflation is the best guidance we can give at this point. But clearly, we're just beginning the process of building on the base of collaboration that existed across the brands and expanding on that significantly, with incentives, with processes, et cetera, in place to capitalize on it. And as we find those opportunities and execute against them, we'll share it along the way and the picture will reveal itself over time. But at this point, we do not have a new target set or anything of that sort.
Arnold W. Donald: Well, there is a combination of factors that have affected both Holland America and Princess. Part of it is a portion of their business is sourced from Europe, where in 2013, the consumer base was a bit weaker than it had been in the past, and significantly weaker. It's also fair to say that there has been a significant supply increase in the premium segment in some areas in recent years. And our brands were coming from an above-industry-level performance in a number of the segments they participate in and continue to be above industry in a number of the segments. So on a year-to-year comparison, I think those are some of the contributors, and there are others. At the same time, the team is working very hard to stimulate demand and improve it. And we're very pleased with the response we're seeing right now in the booking volumes. And particularly in Europe, and we're very high on our premium brands.
Arnold W. Donald: Well, I think the -- first of all, the language quoted on the network that did it is not from our ticket contract. They pulled some information out of context from a motion to dismiss the suit. It's a frivolous suit. We stand behind our product. We stood behind it after the Triumph incident. We immediately refunded passengers their cruise fare, we gave them a future cruise. We arranged for food and lodging and transportation. And we gave each passenger an additional $500 to cover expenses. Our ships our safe, they're sound and they're sea worthy. And we've always stood behind our product and we'll continue to do so. But it's a frivolous suit. I'm disappointed they got any airtime whatsoever. And again, even with that, it was still mischaracterized on air.
Arnold W. Donald: Yes, I think I'll answer the latter part first, and then we'll get to your energy question. But with regard to the culture, it is a fundamental change in culture, but is building on things that the leaders in the organization were kind of doing one-off or in pairs occasionally, anyway, and that is collaborating and coordinating, okay? And so that is the culture change, though, because the brands were fiercely independent in the past and even protected information from each other. And so it's absolutely a culture change. Now in terms of the fundamental changes in how we work or the scale of targets and that sort of thing, the reality is we just have scale. So with 78 million passenger cruise days, little tiny changes adds up -- add up to significant dollars, tens and tens of millions of dollars and hundreds of millions of dollars. And so while they're small changes, they yield big impact. And by working together, communicating, collaborating, there are so many arenas that the team has already pre-identified. And as I mentioned, we're in the process of sizing those and prioritizing them from a complexity, investment required, time to realization, all your normal things you would apply to prioritize projects and go after them. So there are significant opportunities. With regards to the energy, and I'll let David make a few comments as well, but first of all, I just want to say that, absolutely, the scrubber technology helps us mitigate a lot of the emission standard costs that were referred to earlier. And in fact, with the scrubber technology, we'll be well above the emission standards without having to burn, in many instances, the higher-grade fuel, which clearly will mitigate those costs. But I think David had a couple of other comments. Go ahead, David.
Arnold W. Donald: I think, 2 things. One is, a little early to tell, but I would say that I think the marketing, the advertising campaign for Carnival helped all brands, ours and others in the industry as well. Even though it was, for us, Carnival-specific, it gave a general cruise message as well, and I think it helped everyone. Each of the brands have their own particular marketing approach. They are all investing heavily in that, and we expect to see good results across the brands from their individual efforts.
Arnold W. Donald: On the marketing spend going into 2015, obviously, we'll look at the results we get in 2014. We'll make an assessment of whether pulse spending is the proper way to go in some of the brands. And so it's too -- it'd be premature now to predict exactly what would occur in 2015, but what I can assure you is that we will invest, we will learn from the investments and we'll continue to invest when we believe we can get a return for it. And so if we invest more heavily in the future, we would anticipate that it would be driving additional profits to the bottom line and, more than likely, yields as well at the ALBD level. So that would be the comment on that. Dave is trying to look up the other...
Arnold W. Donald: I want to thank everyone for your support and interest in our company. And thank you for being on the call. A sincere happy holidays to everybody. Kelly, thank you very much.
Harry C. Curtis: Just to follow-up on a couple of prior questions. Can you give us a sense of -- your cumulative bookings for the first half of the year, you said they're still behind. Can you put a number behind that in terms of your occupancy today, looking into the first quarter versus where it was a year ago? Or I'm just wondering to what extent you're behind. [Technical Difficulty]
Harry C. Curtis: So the question I was coming back to was just your cumulative bookings. You mentioned we're still behind for the first half of 2014, and I was wondering if you could put a little more color behind that.
Harry C. Curtis: So at this point, you're just not -- they're close enough to last year that you're not panicking, in other words.
