Howard S. Frank: I mean, when you look at the pricing picture across the 10 brands, it's really an amalgamation of what's happening in each of their markets, and demand profiles can differ greatly. In fact, in some of the markets, we're doing just fine on pricing. In other markets, we're feeling more -- we're seeing less demand, particularly, I think more so in Europe than in North America, broadly speaking. That's been more of a challenge for us. We have taken a number of pricing actions in those markets, and as I mentioned, where we're seeing the softer pricing. And we're also looking at options for how to move inventory and moving from one market to another and that sort of thing in Europe, which we think will be -- which will have some benefit. But clearly, if you look at southern European markets, it's more of a challenge, less so as we see in the U.K. and Germany. And broadly speaking, U.S., more or less, seems to be holding up well, except I think we're seeing more of a challenge on our European programs this coming summer for our North American brands. And that could be a combination of factors including higher air costs and just some -- all the noise that Americans are hearing about what's going on in Europe. Although you wouldn't think it would affect their vacation decisions, I think the psychology of the consumer today is that there is a greater concern. And the patterns come closer in, but we're holding it. We're holding as much pricing as we can. We think that if we have a decent wave season, we should be just fine.
Howard S. Frank: On first quarter pricing, Felicia, I mean, we've sold a good part of the first quarter in the fall, and it seems to have shaped up okay. I mean, but we had a lot of that inventory sold, so the last 13 weeks have had less impact on the first quarter, more impact on the second and third quarter. And we're in pretty good shape for the first quarter at this point. I'm not quite sure exactly what you were driving at.
Howard S. Frank: Yes, I mean, basically that's it. I mean, I think we're pleasantly surprised by what we're seeing in the U.K. and Germany. Of course, the economy is still holding up well, but given all the austerity measures that have been taken by the U.K. government, our business seems to be holding up quite nicely. But when I talk about southern Europe, which is mostly I'm thinking about Spain and Italy, but to some degree, France, I think that psychology is affecting the consumer, and it's a much more -- especially in Italy, Italians are quite conservative, and they're concerned about -- there's no clear path for them right now. And I think once the austerity measures hopefully are passed by the Italian government, people will understand what they have and what they are going to have to pay and in terms of increased taxes and increased VAT. And I think knowing the reality, I think gets the issue behind them, and we found that to be true in the U.K. So I think if once those issues are dealt with in these countries, I think the consumer confidence will start to come back some.
Howard S. Frank: Robin, not to get involved with yield information with individual brands. Having said that, Costa did feel the biggest hit last year from MENA, given the disruption, enormous disruption to their business. So that has a -- kind of go around and come full circle on it. I think that they're certainly set -- they certainly can anticipate what's going to happen a lot better this year than last year. And I think what they're looking for is they're going to drive a lot more occupancy this year than last year, so they will benefit from occupancy improvement, which will give them yield improvement. But I think it's still early to say exactly. Clearly, we have our estimates, and that's where we base our guidance on. And we feel comfortable that Costa's going to have a good year and especially because they can yield manage through this 2012, barring another breakout of some kind of geopolitical event in their part of the world. But we're pretty comfortable with where they are right now and feel that they're going to have a good year, and they feel they're going to have a good year. They're going in feeling confident right now.
Howard S. Frank: Well, I did say that Germany was doing well, that U.K. is holding up also quite well, even given the new austerity measures. And I mean, Scandinavia -- I mean, our business in northern Europe tends to be going reasonably well right now. Scandinavia, we don't source a huge amount of passengers from Scandinavia, so I really don't know the answer to that. But we know in the Netherlands, where we do have significant sourcing, that that's going well. That country's economy is okay. And it really seems to be going in the direction where the economies are going in those countries and the consumer confidence in those countries. And that's what -- and we're seeing it in demand patterns as well.
Howard S. Frank: I'm assuming -- look, when we provide these yield outlooks, it's an amalgamation or an aggregation of 10 different markets and different brands, and each one is a little bit different. But I think it's fair to say that we're assuming it's pretty much as is right now. And as our brand managers, revenue managers see their business, in many cases, assumes that pricing will continue to be a challenge in certain of these markets but less so in the stronger markets. So it's really a combination of all those things, including the U.S. market, which seems to be relatively good right now. I mean, all 3 of our U.S. brands seem to be performing well, with the possible exception, as I mentioned earlier, about summer Europe, which is okay from a pricing standpoint at this point but has fallen behind from an occupancy. But we're sustaining it right now, and that could be a function of how the U.S. consumer sees Europe right now with all the noise over there and so on. And we think that's going to -- but we think Europe is going to be fine, actually. We don't have that much increase in capacity, so we should be doing okay in Europe for this summer.
Howard S. Frank: Well, I mean, let me -- I really can't compare it to 2008. I'll let somebody else speak to that issue. But before that, let me comment on the booking window for 2012. We do believe that while the booking window has come in, it's not a huge amount but it has come in, which always makes it more of a challenge when you're sitting in a revenue management seat in terms of how to price your cruises and how firm you want to be on your pricing, knowing the business does come in late. But at the end of the day, we fill up. We'll fill up with the same kind of occupancy levels as last year. Actually, this year, we're going to probably be up at least a point or more from an occupancy standpoint. What we need to manage through that process, given the closer end booking window, and each of the revenue management teams in different brands do it slightly different. They don't use the same revenue management approach. And so it will depend on how they see the world. But as long as bookings are sustainable at the levels that we're talking about today, we should be just fine. Because as I said, bookings for the last 13 weeks, actually, there's been some ebb and flows, but they've been okay. I mean, we've been able to move pricing slightly downward, and the bookings have picked up. And in the last 6 weeks, it's even been stronger. Don't ask me why, by the way. You never really know, but bookings have been stronger. And if that sustains itself, the booking window will extend out. That's what we look to try to do, and then we can revenue management pricing a little bit better.
Howard S. Frank: Well, I think the reason that we lowered the pricing was to pick up the volumes. Had we not lowered the prices, would we have had the higher volumes? Steve, I'm not in a position to answer you. And really, it is a market-by-market decision, and each of the brands make it, and I think they felt they had to do it. So my guess is if they were to answer the question, they would say, "No, we don't think we would have had these volumes." Now whether they're right or not, I don't know. But I certainly don't know the answer to that question. I assume that they reduced prices in order to pick up the volumes. And if they're able to do that for a sustainable period of time, they feel they can start to move the pricing back up a little bit, which is the purpose of moving the pricing down to try to get back to where you want to be from a demand standpoint. And then you gradually tweak the pricing up, and that's what a lot of the brands will actually do.
Howard S. Frank: The capacity is after taking out the Pacific Sun midway through the year in Australia. And as to the dividend, I think what I said is that right now, the plan is to pay the $0.25 quarterly dividend. That doesn't mean that we couldn't take a decision later on in the year. It could be February, it could be maybe later on the year, depending on how the year unfolds, that we would take another look at the standard dividend or look at alternative share buybacks or a special dividend at the end of the year. We're just looking at different alternatives, so we're keeping our options open and it's ultimately a Board decision.
Howard S. Frank: I mean, Jamie, it's hard to answer that question because as I say, it's a composite number. So in certain markets, where we're sustaining pricing and our volumes are good, we continue to probably believe that we'll be able to do that. In other markets, where we're experiencing some lower pricing and we're probably using -- I think the view is that, that's going to be factored into how the yield will be for that particular market. And we add all of them all up at the end of the day, and we come up with the overall guidance, which is the 1% to 2%. And I think as I indicated to you earlier in my comments that I'm comfortable with that guidance right now. That doesn't mean that if there's an extraordinary event that occurs, the dissolution of the European currency, something else could affect it. But right now, factoring in all of the events we see, we think that's a pretty good range to be in right now and we're pretty comfortable with it.
Howard S. Frank: Yes. And occupancy is driving a lot of that, Jamie, as we indicated. Probably, certainly more than 50% of the yield improvement we're talking about at the midpoint, will be occupancy driven.
Howard S. Frank: I would say this just to kind of try to help you in some way, Jamie, is that where we've seen -- the overall pricing weakness that we've seen in bookings is not significant. However, it is weaker and it's a little bit more weaker in the Europe -- for the European brands than it is for the American brands, which is fully understandable from our standpoint. We understand what's going on, especially southern European markets.
Howard S. Frank: That last part is tough to note because it will vary -- it could vary significantly by brand. I'll say this, Kevin, though that there's not a huge difference between our premium and contemporary brands in terms of their patterns right now nor for that matter. As we look at the business in certain parts -- certain of our markets, I think part of the reasons we're holding price and bookings have been strong in certain markets is because some of the premium products here in the U.S. and to some degree in Europe and our market segment, which is towards the retired people or wealthier people, is holding up fine. We have seen that well. So that has held up nicely for us. And I think that's -- so even in the U.K. where there's a huge -- a number of austerity programs being implemented, it seems to affect less the consumer who is retired and they feel more comfortable with their holdings and their retirement plans and so on. So we're getting good business out of the U.K. And in terms of our U.S. premium brands, they're doing quite nicely, yes. With the one exception, I would say, is that what I mentioned before again, is the summer Europe is still falling behind, but we have taken pricing down.
Howard S. Frank: Well look, this is what I said. I think it's 2 things. One is that Q2 pricing is now slightly ahead year-over-year. And I think what I also went on to say is that we expect that by the end of the close of the second quarter, it should be flattish. And when I say flattish, it could be slightly up, it may be slightly down but within a smaller range.
Howard S. Frank: Now the response to the Costa itineraries from the market has been actually quite good, so we don't see any issues right now with Costa's itinerary. They feel very good -- they've got some new itineraries that they've put in there this year and they're booking well, so they're very pleased with that.
Howard S. Frank: David, I've read about 5 different articles on that possibility, and they had 5 different answers. So I don't think anybody knows nor do the Europeans want to think about it because it's going to be -- to have such a staggering impact on their economies if this does happen. So my guess is it's very unlikely to happen except that every once in a while, you pick up the Wall Street Journal or the Financial Times and somebody -- Mario Draghi makes some comment that it's kind of scary. But apart from that, I think it's unlikely to happen. I think the intent is ultimately to save the euro, really.
Howard S. Frank: Okay. Well, thank you, all. We all here wish you a happy holidays and a happy and healthy new year, and hope to see you in the new year. All the best to everybody. Bye-bye.
David Bernstein: I was going to say that keep in mind that at this time last year, we were looking at a very different economic environment overall. And so when we say pricing's down, it's down versus a very strong period at the end of last year on a year-over-year basis.
David Bernstein: She was asking about the months. And to be honest, Felicia, with 5,000 voyages, 10 brands and everything else, we look at it quarter-by-quarter and we leave the brands to get into the detail month-by-month.
David Bernstein: Well, to just start with, we didn't use the historical rates for our 2012 guidance when it comes to fuel. We used the current spot price. It just so happens that the current spot price for 2012 happens to be very much in line with 2011. That's more of a coincidence. It's not that we used the 2011. As far as Brent and bunker, they're really -- there was a big dislocation in the market that seemed to occur about a year ago, where Brent and bunker seemed to move in different directions. I think they got as wide as about $25 or $30 a barrel difference. There's a lot of issues with WTI and Brent and the correlation between the 2. But if you look at over time, I think what you'll find is that Brent and bunker or our fuel prices had a much better correlation. The correlation used to be in the 70s, in the mid-70s. It did move up into the 90s. It's recently come back to the high 80s, and it has stayed in the high 80s, low 90s for a period of time now, so there's been a pretty good correlation. One of the reasons why we chose to use Brent as part of our a fuel derivative program, the long-term movement between the 70s and the high 80s has a lot to do with refining capacity and all types of things that we've talked about historically in the conference call, so not expecting that the crack spreads or the -- will come down when you compare our fuel price to Brent. As far as your last question, the correlation between the euro and bunker, I mean, we've said historically that there is a -- that these move in opposite directions. That has worked most of the time, but they're not a complete offset to each other. There's many other economic factors affecting these 2 items. I'm sure that all of the dislocation and all of the debt crisis and everything else going on in Europe today is causing the euro to move, and that's much more so than the overall price of bunker. So while they have been a nice natural hedge, it doesn't always work perfectly for us, and they don't move in opposite directions all the time.
David Bernstein: Well, bunker is a residual, and I think one of the reasons just -- not significant differences, but as they get better and better in their refining capacity, there's less and less residual, and that's one of the reasons why the crack spread has moved up. It's what I was referring to before.
David Bernstein: Sure. Yes, our net cruise costs in the fourth quarter came in a little bit above guidance. It was a few cents above. The timing, as I've always said, by quarter is very, very difficult. I mean, if you went back to the third quarter, we were $0.05 below guidance in terms of cruise costs. It just there's a lot of little items relating to a variety of things. It's very hard to predict on a $9 billion cost base every single dollar we're going to spend and the timing within a month or a quarter. So we missed it by a few cents, but there were a couple other positives that offset that, and we did wind up right on the guidance.
David Bernstein: Keep in mind that when you look at last year, we're lapping the MENA impact. We had said the MENA was a negative impact for the whole company last year of 1.7%. It was probably for -- or EAA brands was probably over double that. And so while they were covering that yield, there is an economic factor which is partially off, making it more difficult, as Howard and Micky indicated. So it's the MENA impact that is -- and lapping that, that's allowing us to show the year-over-year yield increase despite everything else.
David Bernstein: Yes, I'll deal with the dry docks. Overall, Steve, ships go into dry docks, depending on the ships, once every 3 years, twice every 5 years. So there's a regular schedule for dry docks, and we're always going to have dry docks. On a year-over-year basis, '11 to '12, the total number of dry-dock days were pretty much in line. They went up slightly with capacity overall. So on a year-over-year basis, it's really no issue. It's just the timing. Remember, the brands individually choose to do dry docks in what appears to be the most convenient time for them, usually the lowest profit season. And this year, we just happened to have more dry docks scheduled for the first quarter and less dry docks scheduled for the second and fourth quarter, so it's just the timing within the year and not an issue on an overall basis for the year. And our cruise costs are flat. The dry docks aren't affecting cruise costs for the full year, only the seasonalization of cruise costs between the quarter. As far as the cash flow is concerned, I think the story really hasn't changed from what we've been saying for the last couple of years. We've been talking about the fact that we do expect to have free cash flow. It's our goal to return the free cash flow to shareholders. We've indicated, I think Howard mentioned in his comments, the 30% to 40% payout ratio for regular quarterly dividend. In addition to that, we've constantly been saying we will look at opportunistic share repurchases. And if need be, we can look at an additional annual dividend on top of that. We managed through the quarterly dividend and the opportunistic share repurchases to return all our free cash flow in 2011. And in 2012, we'll take a look at the opportunities as they arise.
David Bernstein: In comparison to our booking window today and compared to last year and the year before, over the last 2 years, we have indicated a number of times on just about every conference call that we were slightly behind in terms of bookings because the booking window has moved in a little bit. But we are being patient because we do believe that people will book. We consistently, as Howard said, do fill up and get the pricing. We could always move the booking window further out, but there's a cost to that in pricing, so we'd rather be patient. And it seems to be working well for us over the last couple of years. In terms of 2008, 2008, if you go back, that was the year that was really an aberration. If you -- we had looked back from '03 through 2011, and the one year that really stuck out was 2008. I think on the March '08 conference call, we had said that the booking window was historically as far out as we had ever seen it, and our customer deposits were as high as they had ever been at that point in time. So '08's an aberration, but in the last couple of years, it has moved in a little bit.
David Bernstein: Yes, it's so hard to say, Tim, because there are so many factors that are out there -- MENA, itinerary changes, economic situations -- that to get more definitive and to quantify it to that level would be very difficult. It would just be guesswork. What I was just trying to say in response to the question, our yield projection being up and giving people some comfort that the up yield was a reasonable estimate was trying to compare it to the MENA impact last year.
David Bernstein: Yes. Well, the midpoint of our guidance, if you take the midpoint of 1.5% and you subtract 1.7%, I guess that's down 0.2%.
David Bernstein: There's also probably a dividing line, as Micky indicated, in February, with the whole MENA impact, where perhaps before that line, we may be running behind last year in terms of prices. But once you get post that line and the comparisons get much easier, we'll be running well ahead in terms of pricing overall.
David Bernstein: No, we haven't decided on a specific target. We will, over time, continue to layer in more protection, but we'll be opportunistic and we'll make those decisions as we go along.
Micky M. Arison: And things didn't start deteriorating. We're not going to annualize until about mid-February when the Arab Spring started and all this other European stuff started. So right now, year-over-year, we're in comparisons to a very, very strong period last year. And we were -- we and our competitors last fall were very, very optimistic about '11.
Micky M. Arison: Can I just add that the countries we're talking about are basically in their off-season period. And first quarter, the wintertime tends to be a slow time for them, anyway. And if the booking pattern is in, it's too early to really see the third quarter kick in. So some of this may be a function of booking pattern.
Micky M. Arison: Just to reinforce one thing Howard said is that when you're moving around so many itineraries so late, it just made it very difficult to fill to their normal full occupancy. It was just too late. And although they did recover pretty well considering the circumstances, the reality is that a lot of the improvement for them next year, as Howard said and I just want to reiterate, is occupancy driven, not price driven.
Micky M. Arison: As David said, as you got into the second half of '11, part of the MENA impact had to be the economic issues in Europe as well, and those 2 things clouded each other, and it's very hard to kind of pinpoint to the 1/10 of 1% what we're dealing with. I mean, if we just -- all we can say is that right now, we're comparing to a period where we didn't have economic turmoil, we didn't have -- and we're comparing that booking pattern to our booking pattern now. And until we annualize, it's difficult to kind of come up with these numbers, but I think we've taken our best shot at it.
Micky M. Arison: Obviously, our market share -- the package holiday business in Europe in general is shrinking, while the cruise business is growing. So obviously, we're effectively taking share, but our share is so small in numbers compared to the overall package holiday business in Europe, it's unrecognizable. I would remind you that while these guys are tour operators, they're also very, very powerful retail travel agents. And Thomas Cook is a very, very good distributor for us, and we're working very closely with Thomas Cook to make sure that our distribution with them continues to be effective. And I must say that while their business is down, they're recovering, and we're very hopeful that they'll get out of this fine.
Micky M. Arison: Generally, I think last year, we did it after the January board -- quarterly board meeting. And we review it with the Board every quarter and it is totally a Board decision. I would want to make one comment. When we made our last new building announcement, we tried to make it clear that, that new building announcement shouldn't be considered totally incremental capacity because we were working to move out capacity. And since we made that announcement, we've sold 2 ships, the Costa Marina and the Pacific Sun. And that continues to be our strategy. While we're building 2 or 3 ships a year, we do intend to move some ships out over time.
Micky M. Arison: We took that in the third quarter because we already had a handshake for that sale then. It was only finalized the day we announced it.
Micky M. Arison: I would just say anecdotally, not referencing our guidance, but for us to be having the kind of volumes we're having at what is historically the slowest time of the year, would be a nice indicator that we should expect a good wave. And I personally would expect that we'd have a pretty good wave.
Micky M. Arison: At the time [indiscernible] started, some of our brands were experiencing negative bookings. I mean, they were getting more cancellations than they were bookings for a period of time.
Micky M. Arison: Understand, Jamie, we're talking weaker versus last year versus what it was weaker versus last year, 3 months ago. So it's all relative to last year where we didn't have an economic situation. We didn't have a MENA situation yet. So again, the comparisons, remember was we were in a very optimistic booking trend this time last year. And you can remember some of the statements that were being made by us and competitors in the fall of last year, which were very optimistic. And that's what we're comparing to.
Micky M. Arison: I assume that if that happened, that there would be some sort of conversion pricing that would take effect, and it would be converted at that conversion pricing. But you're asking a real hypothetical question.
Micky M. Arison: I'm not sure what you're referring to, but obviously, we showed it last year by moving 300 itineraries with 30-days notice, so we can do it. There is clearly a negative repercussion in cost to it because you wind up losing a lot of the people you have booked and you have to rebook them, and that tends to force you to lower prices. So that's a last resort when the situation is really dire, so it's not something we want -- we would want to do at the last minute. It's something that we clearly can do year-over-year at adjusting to booking patterns and customer taste, and that's what Costa did and a number of our brands did. We tweaked the itineraries, increased capacity a little bit in Alaska, increased capacity a little bit in northern Europe, held capacity in the Mediterranean. So we tweak this from year-to-year, but close in, only in a dramatic situation would we move like that.
