Arnold Donald: Good morning, Robin. Thank you for your question. First of all, I think it is just important to point out that there are so many ports in what we call the Caribbean, but overall in the region, and so many of those ports, the vast majority of them are fully operational, there is beautiful sunshine in beaches, and excursions and whatnot. So there’s lots of alternative itinerary planning we can do. There is about five frequently - heavily frequented ports that have been substantially impacted. Okay. And those five ports, I was in St. Maarten's myself a few days after the hurricane hit, and St Maarten’s and the other ports as well, you know the people there are very resilient. They are focused on getting things up and running fast. The things are better to date than they were when those places where hit with severe storms in the past. For example on St. Maarten’s, they told me back when Louis hit, it took them three months to get power back on the island. They had power in a bunch of the districts just a few days after the storm hit this time. And so those places, cautiously optimistic, they will all be up and running or most of them will before the end of the year, which places them well for the peak season. But even without those ports, there are many places we can go, and our own destinations are in great shape. And so we have not seen a lot of cancellations. I'm going to get to your question about the last three or four weeks and the second, I have David make a comment, but frankly we have not experienced lots of cancellations, cancellations are running like 1% right now and so things are positive. So, I will have David comment about the last 3, 4 weeks.
Arnold Donald: I would just tell on the comment again - on concerning the recent - obviously, during the middle of a storm, the storms - people weren't booking, people were distracted with other things and that’s obviously impacted the bookings for that period of time, but things are returning and they are looking positive as early. We have to see if it stays in the media Robin in a negative way, obviously that will be a downer, but we think that there is no reason for that and it’s part of our job to make certain people know that there is plenty of great places to go in the Caribbean and even those places impacted are coming back. There is already ships going back to the keys and so things are riding pretty quickly.
Arnold Donald: The reason for the write-down was clearly around less efficient vessels that were in Australia, that’s the bulk of it, and then some goodwill and trademark related to the P&O Australia brand per se, which had a disproportionate number of those less efficient vessels and also had higher costs given the itineraries that they run with those less efficient ships and the lack of scale.  So that was related to that, but in terms of China of course Australia is an opposite kind of summer season for China, so ourselves and others will move ships back and forth between the two high seasons in those two locations, but the write-down has nothing to do with that.  The write-down was strictly related to less efficient vessels in the plan to put more efficient vessels there over time. Australia is a strong market, has been for us and will continue to be, and we are looking forward over time, you know the ships will come out over time and we will replace them over time with more efficient capacity.
Arnold Donald: Well I thank again. We are right in the middle of it and so it is hard to say what is ultimately going to happen, but it is our job to make sure people know there is no reason to wait that the Caribbean is a wonderful place to go, many places to go there. We have 40 plus ports that were unaffected, plus our own destination, plus all the ports in Mexico were unaffected. So there is plenty of places to go. So, we will see, we did have a little disruption for the few weeks here.  We are still in Hurricane season, so we have to be fluid and pay attention to this and we are still in media season. So hopefully the media will begin to show the fast recovery and all the wonderful places they are to go. I mentioned I was in St. Maarten’s, I was in Nassau. The Bahamas of course are wide-open right now. I was in Nassau just last Friday and things looked good there. Plus going into next year we already have, we were ahead and so we have less inventory to sell now in 2018 then we’ve had in previous years.
Arnold Donald: Sure. Right now obviously we’re planning to grow as normal, but should - technically there are no bans of course as you know, but the Chinese are not going to Korea right now. And it turns out there for some reason they are not going to Japan. Then what we will have to do, what we do in other places in the world, which is change itineraries and figure out maybe we will do, see if we can get approval for some just domestic sailings in China maybe some extended sailings down the Southeast Asia to Thailand, Vietnam, other places, but we will reconfigure do we need to do the good news and that is, is less than 5% of our capacity in China. It is only a few ships and again as, if that were to occur, it will be one of those deviations like all the stuff I rattled off in opening here that we just had to manage through and every year we don't plan for specific occurrences, but we know there are going to be challenges. Every year there is geopolitical issues, every year there is disease scares. Every year, there's typhoons, cyclones, hurricanes. Every year, there is overcapacity in some market. All that stuff happens year-in and year-out and we just have to consider that as normal state of business and be prepared to manage it and you can see so far we have been able to do that.
Arnold Donald: Well at this point in time we are well ahead on bookings and well ahead on pricing. Fourth quarter were largely booked already, and so at this point, we’re not looking to stimulate with pricing that’s a fluid situation that if they call for that at some point, obviously we will make an economic decision, but at this point that has not been the case. Our plan is to stimulate our first to get the good news out via the media. They continue to deliver on the ships, obviously we do a lot in social media, we have lots of people sailing right now in our ships in the Canadian, and we are doing lots of social media with folks on the ship and as well as social media outside of the people on the ships to make certain yield people are aware. You mentioned, Florida and Texas of course, the media impact there in many cases because the travel agents themselves, their offices were closed, right, I mean they shutdown for the storms or whatever, but even in the Midwest of course where there might be less geographic sensitivity and they head as a storm, and so we are in a Caribbean, it takes the whole Caribbean is gone or whatever or they see something on CNN that is highlighted one part of one island and they think every island in Caribbean looks that way. And so that’s something that we have to purposefully combat and offer people just the true picture and that is our job. That’s what we have to do and so far we are doing that and we will have to see it is fluid. We will have to see how it goes, but at this point in time, what I can tell you is, what it is, we are ahead on bookings and price we have less inventory to sell next year, and at this point we haven’t engaged in any big discount.
Arnold Donald: Well I will give some comments and then I will ask Micky to give some comments, too, since obviously, he lived that first hand. But for us first of all, one thing that is different is we have much more momentum, we are working much harder to create demand. So there is a lot more going on from a demand creation picture to date that existed back then, and that’s a huge difference. We are also going in with lots of momentum for the year, which wasn't necessarily the case back then. The embarkation destinations and stuff were impacted disproportionately in 2006 versus this time around and so embarkation versus transit is a much bigger difference, you have to get the air lift back in as a whole bunch of dynamics is going on there. And so in some regard, so far there is still a fluid situation still a hurricane season, but so far that is a huge, another big difference, but having said all that I think the biggest difference is where we are positioned today. The fact that we are proactively trading demand. The fact that we are working with media today so they kind of present a fair picture and then help informing people what the real situation is. And then we have a much larger base now of previous cruise-goers who understand and know, and that also allows us to continue to perform. But Micky, you might want to share at this point any comments you have about the historical perspective.
Arnold Donald: Hi Greg, good morning. Thank you for your question. It is true that we have a bunch of different brands and they all have their own optimized booking curves to maximize yield and returns. And so they are all monitoring daily and constantly. There's not like one date that's a drop-dead date. It's more where you're on the booking curve along the way and obviously when you have a little bit of patience for the obvious disruption when the hurricanes where happening and stuff, so. But beyond that we are watching how quickly things are returning and we will make the necessary adjustments. We have reflected all of that in our guidance. For the quarter and concerning for 2018, it was early and all we can tell you is what we have told you.
Arnold Donald: No the high - the top ones are St. Maarten's, St Thomas, San Juan, Dominicana, Tortola. Not so much for the North America brands, but some of the European brands are pretty active and Tortola and Dominicana. And they wouldn't be sailing there right now anyway, they would be coming up later in the year. We will see how those, but there are alternative force that they can go to. Did I answer that part of your question, you wanted a little bit of the denominator. I think this is the time where people go really go, we can ballpark it, I would say in total may be 7% to 9% of the ports and we would call broadly the Caribbean, Southern Caribbean, Western Caribbean, Eastern Caribbean. Would have then severely impacted to the point where they were shut down for some period of time. So something like that, okay. But the vast majority of ports are open and again there is options and alternatives and plenty of fun places for people to go and do things and enjoy the great vacation experience and great location value that cruising is.
Arnold Donald: Overall, this is a low booking period normally, anyway seasonally. It’s just a time of the year, it is a low booking period. So that, in a way it’s helpful. In terms of the specifics, David.
Arnold Donald: Well I would say that the greatest incentive for people to get on our ships is the reality that is a great vacation experience and is already a great value. So, we haven't done extreme discounting or anything like that to fill the ships in quite some time. We do offer no incentives and packaging of some on-board activity options and that sort of thing; and along the booking curve there are combination of things that are offered at different stages across the various brands, but if I understood your question, we have really haven't seen a need to drive all kinds of special deals. Basically, we are creating demand. The brands are very certainly doing that on their own brand and visual brand promotions and I take it with ease. We talked about OceanView and PlayOcean and all that today that has global footprint. We did not talk about the shows, we talked about the shows in the US base for you guys, but frankly we have shows in the UK, we have shows in Italy. So we do global demand creation and I think that’s frankly been the biggest driver that combined with the execution on the ships, which exceeds guest expectations and word of mouth remains our most powerful marketing tool.
Arnold Donald: I would just say in general overall our European brands have enjoyed a strong year as is evidenced by what we shared with you guys. And so overall it has been really great. If you want to single out countries I think practically speaking, you would have to single out Germany as doing even better than the others only because with the capacity increases in Germany and the number of people cruising that the penetrations down in that market and number of people cruising is starting to outpace any other country in Europe, although the Brits would like to give that a run for the money. And so, I would say Germany continues to be particularly strong, but overall we’re doing well in Europe.
Arnold Donald: Well as I said ships are starting to go back to the keys already that was the place that suffered the most severe direct impact I guess. The Western Florida coast, Naples, Tampa, et cetera, again as sort of what David said, primarily is cleanup, a lot of trees and stuff down, but power is back on, you know people in offices and things, their life is going back to normal, it’s from a ships and port standpoint we are able to go to the ports. We need to get into, and people are able to drive and get there. So at this stage there will be a overall comment. We don't give a lot of details by brand specifically, but I think overall we could give you some directional stuff about drive market and the number in Florida.
Arnold Donald: And if you go to the ports whether it's Galveston, Mobile, New Orleans, Charleston, Beaumont; and of course all the ports here in Florida they are up and running and people can get to them.
Arnold Donald: That happened in New Orleans of course back when Katrina hit because it took out the whole city pretty much. So that was definitely the case in New Orleans. I would say, as I said, I was in St. Maarten’s and look we don't know yet, we have to see what happens, but what I can tell you is the resilience of the people, the focus they had, they were already cleaning up, power was back up in a number of various - number of people even in St. Maarten have been unaffected, their home was unaffected et cetera. But the board walked there had sand on it. There was a large ship that followed up into downtown. The Marine was ransacked with wind and what have you, but most of that stuff is cleaned up.  We have an excursion there that we own that we were going to open it, in fact the day I visited was the day we were going to open it and obviously we did with the hurricane, but our excursion, which has zip-lining and a number of other venture things there in St. Maarten. It is going to be up and running by December for sure. So that one, I know because we have control and we know exactly what’s happening with it. I would suspect that some of the excursions, especially the ones beach type and water things would be operating even sooner than that. And so, again we have to see, I don’t want to overpromise, if that doesn't happen there are many places to go in the Caribbean.  We have destinations Half Moon Cay, Princess Cay, our private islands. We have Mahogany Bay in Honduras. We have Cozumel, we have operations, we have a number of Grand Turk. We have a number of places that we own ourselves that we can take guests and have highest rated guest satisfaction scores of any destinations. And there are many places in the Caribbean that are open for business, you know and all over the Bahamas and Southern Caribbean is completely open et cetera.
Arnold Donald: I think unfortunately Cat 4, Cat 5 gives you an intensity of a storm, but it doesn't really tell you that the damage and risk because there are so many factors in a hurricane. For example, if you look at Turks and Caicos, they got directly hit with a Category 5. And for [indiscernible] the main city there is pretty much intact, okay. At the same time, some other places got hit when the storm was down to the Category 4 and they had much more severe damage. So it depends on so many things. Storm surge, it depends on height of buildings because the winds are higher, 10 meters up then they are lower, depends on how the structures are connected. So many different things, factor in. So for the Port of Miami is Miami.  So Miami is pretty much engineered in many cases to take hurricanes. And if you look around the world even in New Orleans for that matter you know the ports come up pretty quickly. The question is, what happens with the rest of the area, and access to ports, air lift to get in and so on and other services. I would say anything could happen. First of all, it is very difficult as you can look at over time for a storm to hit Miami directly, even this one. They tend to either hook or slice, just because of the nature of the weather and all that, but if they do hit, then I would say that Miami has prepared as any major metropolitan area to recover.
Arnold Donald: Yes, sure. Thanks for your question. I will take the China part. No, we haven't seen any big booking trends related directly to noise around North Korea tensions or anything like that in China. So that is a pretty straightforward one. So I haven't seen - we haven't seen anything.
Arnold Donald: Yes, I think more directly, but I have to tell you and I understand why you asked the question, but the reality is, China is still an embryonic market. It represents a very small percent of industry capacity, certainly a small percent of ours. It is still, it is going to be up and down because there is an embryonic market and it is a B2B market still, even though people, including ourselves are trying to expand distribution get to a more typical market type of dynamics from controlling pricing, when I say control, effecting pricing through a distribution channel as more direct and so on. All that underway, but we are really still tiny, relative to the overall outbound tourism based in China. We are still tiny relative to our overall capacity and the market is still evolving. Long-term it is going to be a huge market. But right now, everybody's gotten their number of ships, and there's only so many ships that could be there. So flat or down 13% to be honest with you, I don’t even know if it makes much difference in China at this point.
Arnold Donald: I will let David comment on the cost first and then I will handle your other question to wrap it up, go ahead.
Arnold Donald: Thank you. Thank you everyone for participating. We really appreciate it. Again we are totally committed as you guys know, to achieve a double-digit return on invested capital in 2018. We feel we are well-positioned to do that, and we thank you for your time.
David Bernstein: It is clearly, Robin the last few weeks of bookings have been impacted, you know as I said in my notes, there’s been a lot of news flow on the Hurricanes, and any time you have got that news flow it’s going to impact the level of bookings, and there have been some quiet days, but we are very well booked for the fourth quarter, hopefully in the coming days the news flow will reduce, and bookings will start picking up again. But we are well booked and we try to include in our fourth quarter guidance what we expect to be the impact of these booking trends for our fourth quarter.
David Bernstein: And we have been working with our travel partners to make sure everybody is fully aware that the Caribbean is open as Arnold talked about before and more than 40 ports where we can take our guest. There are only a several that are closed. So, we are very encouraged and it is a fluid situation and we will monitor it as Arnold indicated. We will make decisions as we go along and do what is necessary.
David Bernstein: You can always use the historical averages that we give you by quarter and just, you know we are close to the high-end of those historical averages, which kind of give you a good feel for where we are.
David Bernstein: There is not a lot left in the European season, the seasonal European season for the North American brands in terms of less to sell because we are well booked, and the season really just goes through the end of October. So, we haven't noticed anything significantly different, but remember it’s just a small amount of a sales that you would have expected in early September for those voyages.
David Bernstein: Sure. Well first of all in the third quarter there was a little bit less than $0.01 impact, negative impact as a result of Hurricane Harvey but it was tiny. The $0.10 to $0.12 was in total for the year, including that impact. Nine of the $0.10 to $0.12 were cancelled voyages, expenses we incurred, some lower occupancy on the voyages that took place immediately after Irma, and the other $0.01 to $0.03 is the estimated booking impact for the fourth quarter.
David Bernstein: Yes, I mean, if you come down to Florida at the moment and you look around, other than some piles of trees and things on the front of everybody’s lawn that needs to be picked up, South Florida and most of Florida is back in business. There were some areas that were more heavily hit. So there are expectations, yes there are a few people who were impacted and those who are directly impacted, particularly in Florida or small numbers, but the rest are back in business and life is continuing and so we’re very positive about the future.
David Bernstein: I think we have said many times and I think it is 50% of America was within a six hour drive of a Carnival Home Port, so the drive up market is important to Carnival Cruise Lines and it is a big part of the business, and it is part of their success, but the driver market does expand outward, it is not just within an hour to drive of our home port, people are willing to drive the whole day.
David Bernstein: And on the Caribbean, so we obtained very close attention to all itineraries, but we have, as we have talked in our comments we have seen a slowdown in the Caribbean bookings in general because of the news flow and that’s why what we are trying to do is make sure everybody completely understands that the Caribbean is open for business. They are going strong, there is many great ports to go to, and I won’t take the time to reiterate everything that Arnold previously said, but it is important we work with our travel partners, get this news out to make sure everybody understands that it is a great opportunity to have to have great on-board ship experience and a great port experience in the Caribbean.
David Bernstein: Operator, well we chose to let the call got over to answer as many questions as we can, well at this point we will take one more question.
David Bernstein: So Jamie on the cost side, the other 0.7 wasn’t dry docks in comparison to our June guidance. The point increase we said 0.3 of a point was related to the lower ALBDs and the additional hurricane expenses, and I gave some examples in my commentary on what the other 0.7 points were, it was the pension expense, it was the additional investment in environmental and other areas, and it was also some litigation cost, but on a full year basis back in December, a 0.7 points of the year-over-year increase was related to dry dock and most of that dry dock cost actually seems to be hitting in the fourth quarter, which as you would expect is the slow time of the year and the time of the year that we choose to dry dock a lot of shares.
