Micky M. Arison: Thank you, Howard. Most of you will have seen the organizational announcement that we released this morning. I just want to make a few brief comments to reinforce what was said in the statement. I have decided, and the board has agreed, that this is a good time to split the roles of Chairman and CEO for Carnival Corp. I'm not going anywhere. I will remain Chairman, and my plan is to continue in that role for the foreseeable future. You can be assured that I will continue to do everything I can to add value to all our shareholders and in fact, to all our stakeholders. I am very committed to the continued success of the company and all of its brands. I will work closely with the board and our management team to guide the next phase of our growth, and I'm excited about the future. I will continue to dedicate my experience and my energy to it. I've been discussing this with the board for some time now, and we have had a robust transition plan in place, with a deep bench of excellent internal executives in our brands and corporate functions, plus a very strong group of individuals on our board. So we were well positioned to make this decision. We announced today that our board member, Arnold Donald, will become CEO starting next month. I believe Arnold is the best person for this job. He has been an asset to the -- he will be an asset to the future of this organization, and I'm very pleased that he's agreed to take on this role and will drive the company to the next level.  Howard, our Vice Chairman and COO, will continue in that role. He will continue to bring his many years of experience to the operation of the company, and he and I will work closely with Arnold to generate the growth and performance that everyone expects from our company. As stated in our release, Arnold's experience, qualifications make him well suited for the CEO role. He has a unique combination of board-level knowledge of our company and personal experience building and leading successful businesses. I know he will be successful in his new role as CEO. Many of you will have a chance to meet him in the coming weeks and months. And I'd like to invite Arnold to make a few statements.
Micky M. Arison: Well, primarily, I do my role as doing whatever Arnold needs me to do. I'm -- my basic philosophy has been with all our CEOs, that I'm there to help them be successful. And anything that I can do to make -- to help Arnold become hugely successful and the company hugely successful, I'm prepared to do. So I obviously will continue to work on areas that I have extensive knowledge, in newbuildings and other areas, but it's really going to be a collaborative thing between me and Arnold to decide what are the best uses of my time. I'm going to be looking to Arnold to run the day-to-day corporate operation, and I may even take a couple of golf lessons.
Micky M. Arison: If I can just add that when you're carrying 4.5 million passengers, most of them coming from the United States, meaning that upwards of 1 in 3 passengers that go on a cruise in the United States go on a Carnival Cruise, and 99% of them are coming back happy and telling their friends and getting on Facebook and Twitter and then telling people what a great time they've had. That is powerful, 90,000 folks every single week coming off those ships in the U.S. and talking about the great experience and right now, the great value they got as well. So I think that will help accelerate the comeback of the brand.
Micky M. Arison: Again, that is coming from consultants who have gone through similar types of situations. But I do think the strength of the brand, the amount of market share it has in the United States and the amount of people coming back, will excel. But safety was never an issue, and I think it's important for people to understand that. And a lot of the examples that our consultants give us do have significant casualty issues associated with the brand damage. So I'm very hopeful that the recovery could be much faster than the consultants are leading us to believe.
Micky M. Arison: Right. I also should mention that the refit of the Carnival Sunshine, all the bunch of 2.0 additions, have been incorporated into the Carnival Sunshine. And...
Micky M. Arison: Some were added to the Triumph, a few were added to the Triumph, but all of them were put into the Carnival Sunshine. And the response from the guests of all these various new features have been just absolutely fantastic. So I think Jerry and his team, as far as upgrading the product and making Fun Ship 2.0 a really viable addition to the Carnival brand, particularly on Carnival Sunshine, has been hugely successful.
Micky M. Arison: As far as mitigating risk, I would say we've done a number of things to mitigate risk immediately so that the risk level is clearly mitigated. Again, I have to reiterate that it's not a safety issue and that the items that we talked about in our press release, the CapEx, we're rolling out as much as we can in operations. Some of it will require dry docking and because of that, there may be a 2- or 3-year rollout of some items. But many are being programmed and taken care of while the ships are being in operation. So it's a variety of things. But believe me, every day, the risk is being mitigated more and more.
Micky M. Arison: There's nothing you can be assured of except death and taxes, but we're doing everything we can to mitigate the risk as quickly as we can.
Micky M. Arison: Yes. Going back to the risk issue, I do want to reiterate what the former head of the NTSB said, the due risk of driving to the port is a lot higher than anything you do once you get on the cruise. It's probably true. The risk of getting in your shower is a lot higher, too.
Micky M. Arison: Clearly, prices have been sharp at Carnival Cruise Lines, but they -- to what -- the context of Howard's point, they haven't been sharper since the Triumph has been reintroduced. We haven't done anything to reduce price since the Triumph has been reintroduced. And I think what was important was that it was reintroduced looking fantastic with a lot of media board, a lot of hoopla in the area. And I think that created the positive spin in an area that was most impacted, which is the greater Texas, Houston area. And I think the coverage was terrific. The -- George Lopez did a great job, Guy Fieri did a great job, DJ Irie did and the whole Carnival team there, introducing some of the new Fun Ship 2.0 features and so on. And the ship looked great. So that clearly had to help.
Arnold W. Donald: Thank you, Micky, and good morning, everyone. As you all know, Micky is a great leader, and in collaboration with Howard, you've witnessed him build with his team the largest and most successful leisure travel business in the world. And I'm personally honored and I'm very enthused to have the opportunity to join and operationally lead the team here at Carnival in our next stage of growth. My experiences in operating businesses and as a board member certainly gives me the appreciation that it will be very necessary for me to spend some time getting into much greater depth on the company's operations, finance, marketing and strategy, but I am optimistic for an accelerated onboarding process and being able to make a contribution as CEO relatively quickly, thanks to having the advantage of some level of understanding of the company from my governance role in many years of close observation. I know a lot of the key people in this organization well, having seen them present at board meetings and other reviews for board members and having spent time with them personally concerning their roles and their points of view. Those experiences give me strong confidence that Carnival Corporation & plc has a great team, excellent fundamentals as a business, a very bright future, and we are well equipped to address over time any challenges facing our industry. I'm looking forward to helping -- to more profitably, consistently deliver on our promise of an exceptional, joyful vacation experience at a great value as perceived by our 10 million plus passengers yearly, reinforcing our company's strength, expanding globally the appeal of our Carnival lines and over time driving our return of invested capital at higher levels. I'm very much looking forward to meeting with our investors, our policymakers, our business partners around the world in the next several months, and I want to assure you that I expect to be accountable, that I believe as the current management team does, in transparency and responsiveness when it comes to important relationships our company has. And I'm very much again looking forward for the chance to meet with you over time. I'm fully committed to creating value for our investors and all the stakeholders that Carnival serves, and I'm very eager to start in the next few days. Thank you.
Arnold W. Donald: Thank you. Immediately, we're T minus 8 days or 9 days or whatever it is before I come in, but the immediate thing is to spend in-depth time with the leadership team. And we have some tentative plans as a team, Micky, I and Howard together, and we'll refine those through conversations with the rest of the leadership team. But immediately, it's to spend time with them and then ultimately, of course, to contribute to a very strong team that's already proven in the industry, has built the world's largest leisure travel business and is continuing to operate successfully and to join that team and help drive over time the return on invested capital and additional customer satisfaction.
Arnold W. Donald: Well, as you know, there's a difference between being on the board and being in operations. So I've had close observations. I think the team in place has been a continuous improvement in terms of cost management, as well as revenue generation. So I feel strongly that we'll discover some opportunities, additional opportunities along the way. But I feel the team is performing very well right now.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Howard. Before I begin, please note that as some of our remarks on this conference call will be forward looking, I will refer you to the cautionary statements in today's press release. Also, all of my references to revenue and cost metrics will be in local currencies unless otherwise noted as this is a much more useful measure of business trends. Our non-GAAP EPS for the second quarter was $0.09 per share. The second quarter came in $0.03 above the midpoint of our May guidance, driven primarily by the timing of SG&A expenses between second quarter and the remainder of the year. Now let's look at our second quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 1%. The Europe, Australia and Asia brands, known as our EAA brands, were up 4.6%, driven by increases in AIDA and Costa, while our North American brands were down 1% as a result of more dry-dock days in the second quarter compared to the prior year. Our total net revenue yields in the second quarter declined almost 2%. Now let's look at the 2 components of net revenue yields. Our net ticket yields declined 2.7%. Our EAA brands were down 3.8%, driven by declines in Northern European brands, partially offset by increases at Costa and P&O Cruises Australia. The North American brands were down 1.8%, driven primarily by promotional discounting at Carnival Cruise Lines. Net onboard and other yields increased 0.5%. The small increase in net onboard and other yields that we saw in the first quarter continued in the second quarter. On the cost side, net cruise cost per available lower berth day, excluding fuel, were up almost 9% versus the prior year. This increase was slightly less than we expected in our May guidance. The 9% increase from last year was driven by Carnival Triumph's repair costs, non-recurrence of last year's one-time litigation and other settlements, incremental insurance costs and more dry-dock days compared to the prior year. As a result of our ongoing efforts to reduce fuel usage, our consumption for available lower berth day declined almost 6% this quarter, which is much more than we had anticipated earlier in the year and saved us $0.05 per share versus the prior year. Fuel savings this quarter -- fuel prices this quarter were down almost 10% versus the prior year, which saved us an additional $0.08 per share. In summary, the second quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.11 lower than 2012 earnings of $0.20 per share, driven by higher net cruise costs without fuel, lower net revenue yields, which were partially offset by lower fuel expenses. During the second quarter, we took the opportunity to increase our fuel derivative coverage. We now have 0 cost collars to protect our P&L against fuel price spikes for about 40% of our consumption for the remainder of 2013 through 2016, and 25% for 2017. In addition, during the second quarter, we also took the opportunity to narrow the foreign sealing bands on a few of our outstanding collars. In our earnings press release, you can see the complete list of our current derivative position for each year. Now turning to our 2013 outlook. I will skip the net revenue yields as Howard will discuss that shortly. For the full year, net cruise costs, excluding fuel, for ALBD are forecasted to be up 3.5% to 4.5% versus the prior year. This is the same as our interim May guidance, about 1 percentage point higher than our March guidance, driven by increased selling and administrative expenses as certain of our brands expect to increase their marketing spend in the back half of 2013. On a final note, for 2013, at the midpoint of our guidance range, we expect our cash from operations to be $2.7 billion, and our net capital investment is forecasted to be $2.1 billion. At $0.25 per share, our regular quarterly dividend represents $775 million of cash being returned to shareholders on an annual basis. Therefore, we expect that cash from operations will cover substantially all of our CapEx and our regular quarterly dividend. At this point, I will turn the call back over to Howard.
David Bernstein: The repair costs should be -- for the Carnival Triumph should be completely done. There's a little bit in the third quarter, but that will be it.
David Bernstein: We had -- yes, we had talked about the vessel enhancements being a multiple year process. So there will be some of that in 2014 as well.
David Bernstein: Not at this point. It was probably around $0.06, $0.07 a share in 2013, but we're looking -- we're working through those issues as we put together the detailed schedule for 2014. And I'll probably give you more color on that later in the year.
David Bernstein: Keep in mind though, that the overwhelming majority of the $600 million to $700 million that was in the press release is CapEx. There's only some small pieces that will be in the P&L.
David Bernstein: Yes. Thank you, Micky. Howard did mention in his notes that we had a scrubber on -- that is successfully operating on one of our ships, and we're going to put scrubbers on 2 more ships later this year and that we then expect to roll out the scrubber installations in 2014. We may not have every single ship equipped with scrubbers by January 1, 2015, but we'll clearly prioritize those ships that have the biggest impact. So in 2015, with the new ECA, we do believe we can mitigate a significant portion of that $265 million. We may not get it all in 2015, but we will get it all shortly thereafter as we do the installation. It's about $1 million to $1.5 million per engine. You got to do at least a couple of engines on each ship. So it is a significant amount of CapEx. But the numbers that we've been giving out for CapEx do include our anticipated scrubber CapEx as well. So those are already in the numbers you've heard Beth give out.
David Bernstein: Yes, Jamie. This is what happens when you round everything to whole percentages and all. I understand the math that you're working through. The expectation on the fourth quarter is that we'll see a little bit better than the third quarter. We are -- as Howard mentioned, we are seeing continued improvement, particularly in Costa in Europe. And as some -- those brands improve in the fourth quarter, the number will be a little bit better than third quarter. Still down, but a little bit better than third.
David Bernstein: There are some incremental operating expenses relating to the scrubbers, but there really isn't anything significant in the way of fuel consumption changes.
David Bernstein: Yes. You know what happens with Costa because each quarter was so dramatically different, you get a mix impact. Remember their pricing was down in first quarter because of the year-over-year comparison and the strong prior year. So in the back half of the year, we are definitely seeing the overall yield increase is much greater than the occupancy increase. We are seeing the pricing there as Howard indicated.
David Bernstein: And we had indicated Costa's yields for the year were down 16%. We had indicated back in December that we had expected to get about half back this year. But because of the difficult economic environment in Southern Europe, we're expecting to get back 1/4 of it. And we do expect to see continued improvements as we go along.
David Bernstein: I can start with Europe. When we went through the guidance in December, we had indicated that we expected our Northern European brands to be down. And I think I also indicated just a moment ago, we expected Costa to get back about half the yield it had previously lost. As the months and weeks passed, we did see more weakness throughout Europe than we had anticipated. And as we talked on the previous conference call, we brought down the yield guidance relative to Europe, actually in both Northern Europe and for Costa. As I said before, Costa is only expected to get back a quarter of what it previously lost. Now with that said, our -- even though our Northern European brands, the yields are going down, the yields in P&O Cruises and AIDA are still some of the highest in our fleet. They're doing -- they're performing incredibly well, and the return on investment to those brands is again above average for our fleet. So it's a directional change in reduction, but it's still -- their absolute performance is very good.
David Bernstein: And while we're rolling out the work, the more permanent work, we are putting power packs on the ships very quickly, and that will mitigate some of the risk that we talked about in terms of comfort in the unlikely event anything happens.
David Bernstein: Yes. Why don't you give Beth a call after? We don't have the information cut in that many different ways right here at the table.
David Bernstein: The full year is down 2 to 3 in total. North America in total is slightly more than the average, and Europe is slightly less than that. So they're averaging out into the middle part of that range. And Carnival Cruise Lines is down in the mid-single digits for the full year overall. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of color. And Carnival is what's driving the North American brands obviously to be down for the year.
Howard S. Frank: I think the Carnival team, the marketing team and the sales team, have been increasing their engagement with the travel agent community, and that will continue. There are more things to roll out. I think the reintroduction of the Triumph was sort of the tipping point, I think, for beginning that process. And they're very encouraged by the early responses they've been getting. And we've been seeing it actually in the booking pattern itself. The successful reintroduction of the ship in Galveston was a very positive event for the company. We've also put on a lot of communications on all the investments we've been making with the ships to get people to rebuild trust in the brand. And especially, that's important with the consumer and the first-time cruiser. That's going to take -- and that's going to go on for quite some time. So there's a multitude of efforts being made by Jerry and his team to move this forward, and you'll see a lot more unfold, I think, over the next 6 months.
Howard S. Frank: Yes. I mean, there were -- our consultants have basically used an analogy of 2 other non- -- Greg, non-industry events, and we're tracking the same way. In terms of consumer perception, we're tracking the same way, which was a significant fall off in brand perception and then a gradual recovery until it's 3 years out. So their view is that while we're a very different industry, it's likely that we will follow the same pattern, and that of course assumes that we get it right and we get the marketing out there right, and we get our media communications out there properly, and we continue to stay in touch with our consumers and our travel agents. So their feeling is that we should track -- and by the way, I would say up until this point, it has tracked. In some cases, a little bit better than one of the issues that -- one of the companies that had a mishap. So I think we're doing okay. It's not an exact science. It's just their best guess as to how long it will take for us to get back on -- get the brand back to where it was.
Howard S. Frank: Well, based on a very recent couple of weeks, bookings have been up nicely for the Carnival brand. That's the most recent. And that's since the reintroduction of the Carnival Triumph. Bookings have been positive across the brand. And for the Triumph and the Magic, the 2 ships that are in Galveston, bookings have been substantially higher year-over-year. So that's kind of giving us the feeling that -- and by the way, it is the beginning, so I don't want to set up expectations here that we can't achieve. But certainly, we're very encouraged by what we see.
Howard S. Frank: Yes, we're typically waiting to do that. We'll have really much better information later on in the year as we go through the individual business plans for the operating companies and see what their plan is for 2000 -- for the 2014 rollout of these investments.
Howard S. Frank: Harry, again, let's just wait until the end of the year when we go through the business plans and we'll -- because the -- I think each of the brands, and it's also true in Europe as well, are also looking at changes in their marketing approach. So we'll have a better sense of the overall increase in marketing for 2014, but that won't happen until sometime later in the fall.
Howard S. Frank: Harry, just let me -- let me just jump in here for a second. I think the view is that to drive increased -- we can at the margin improve ROIs in a variety of different ways, including some of the things that we -- in terms of the newbuilds that we have that are better -- much better, more efficient ships and so on, much -- drive much higher returns. But clearly, revenue improvement is part of our plan to drive our -- we need to do that. I think we'll see some of that naturally occur as the Costa brand improves and as the Carnival brand improves. We'll start to see some benefit from that. And I think one of the thoughts that are going around in the various companies is the increase in the marketing spend I think that we're talking about is also there, is also being planned, I think, to drive better revenues on the net line. So I think those are the kinds of strategies that we're talking about right now.
Howard S. Frank: Jamie, this is Howard. It wasn't really in -- the Carnival cycling through a full year before it starts to see positive pricing was not meant to be guidance. What I meant to say is that we'll begin to see in the second half of 2014 the possibility of yield improvement on the pricing that we're taking on a year-over-year basis. So it'll be because of the easier comparisons. And if you assume improvement in the perception of the brand, and that we should start to see some pricing improvement, how that falls out in 2000 -- in the third and fourth quarters remains to be seen. So I'm not suggesting that's guidance. But we're hopeful that, that will be the beginning of a positive year -- year-over-year improvement in pricing. On the issue of yield guidance, I'm going to turn it over to David.
Howard S. Frank: So that's the first time I've had a question about nicely higher in a while. So nicely higher is somewhere between slightly higher and significantly higher. I hope that answers your question. It is in the mid- to high-single-digits range when I talk about nicelies. It's usually north of 5%. And that's kind of how I see it. And so it's an -- if you come up with a better term for me, send me a note. On the Costa occupancy and pricing improvement, yes, it's on both sides of the ledger. And with the third -- second quarter pricing was up. I'm not sure if it was driven more by occupancy. Yields were up. I'm not sure if they're driven by occupancy and pricing. But clearly, we're seeing even further improvements -- if the -- assuming our forecasts are correct here, and their forecast -- further improvements in Q3 and Q4 over Q2 on -- and a lot of that is going to be driven by pricing.
Howard S. Frank: Yes. Well, I -- first, I don't think we're -- you're right. The guidance was, I think originally, that we took a $500 million hit to operating. I don't think we've gained anything near that back. We went from a loss to a profit right now. And so we're well on our way back, but we still got plenty of room to recover on Costa. And we're hopeful we'll start to begin to see more of that in 2014. But that will even continue into 2015. So we're greatly encouraged by what we're seeing at Costa right now.
Howard S. Frank: With respect to using Costa as an example of what will happen at Carnival, it's really hard to say because each situation was unique and different, and the markets that they trade in are largely -- are different. And Costa is still dealing with the issue of the Concordia still in the water and probably won't get onto the process for parbuckling it. And moving it out will take probably next 6 to 9 months. So they're still dealing with that issue in Italy. But remember, they market into -- and you know this well -- into Italy, Germany, France and Spain. That's their primary markets. Carnival is principally U.S. markets, and it's really -- it's too early in the process to know if the changes are going to be analogous or not in terms of -- or the improvement are going to be the same or not. I think it's just too early to know.
Howard S. Frank: All I can tell you is that patterns both in North America and Europe on a year-over-year basis, pricing and volume seem to be pretty good right now. So it's a pretty positive story. I understand it more North America. I kind of scratch my head a little bit in Europe, to be honest with you, but I'll take it. It is a -- things seem to be -- I think maybe it's consumer confidence strengthening or positive things that are going on. And so we're very encouraged by what we're seeing in Europe right now.
Howard S. Frank: By the way, I would just say this, Tim, that, that risk exists not just -- you're talking about relative risk. These are essentially enhancements. We got to keep in mind, and we've said it a number of times, that Carnival Triumph's situation didn't result in anybody being even injured. So I mean, the systems worked, and that's important to remember. All we're doing now is we're enhancing -- further enhancing the systems and further -- making -- to make sure that our customers are comfortable and that we deal with the issues more quickly and more effectively so that we can get the ship back up and running should something happen. But by and large, this is just enhancements. And the rollout of this will be largely -- what you have to do is you have to manufacture a lot of this equipment before you can even install it. And then many of the -- Micky said many of the installations will be -- have to be in dry docks. Some of the installations can be done on the run. Many of the items have already been ordered, and we're waiting for delivery of it and then the installation of it. But the rollout of this will be this year, second half of this year, '14 and '15 where most of the work will be done.
Howard S. Frank: My recollection is that the premium and luxury brands in North America have a flat yield, flattish yields year-over-year x Carnival.
Howard S. Frank: Let's -- what I suggest you do is you double back with Beth on this stuff, and she can take you through it.
Howard S. Frank: Correct. Correct. Yes. On Europe, essentially, what we've seen in the last 11 weeks is an uptick in European bookings and pricing across all -- I believe substantially across all brands. I can't remember every brand there, but it's always been a very positive development in Europe. That's about all I can tell you.
Howard S. Frank: No. I think that's a little bit of apples to oranges comparison. What I was saying 5 or 6 weeks ago, or I think what we were saying, is Europe is softer than our expectations and our guidance, our earlier guidance. This is more year-over-year bookings. And so that has shown improvement over the 11-week period, including that earlier period that we were talking about. However, it was short of where we thought it would be. So it wasn't as strong. We thought it would be stronger, but it wasn't as strong as it was based on our earlier guidance. So they're a little bit of different comparisons.
Howard S. Frank: I think the 6 -- I can't recall exactly. We have 6 weeks data, and we have 11 weeks data. And the 6-week data didn't differ materially from the 11-week data.
Howard S. Frank: Okay. Well, thank you very much. I know there'll be follow-on questions, and Beth is around, and we appreciate it. And we look forward to -- Arnold and Micky and I, Dave and Beth look forward to seeing everybody soon. So...
