Arnold Donald: Yes, generally speaking, obviously, as we said, just said that Alaska and the Caribbean are strong. So, those, primarily North American sourced, and the markets definitely are providing a lot of the higher yield expectations. At the same time, we are continuing to show strong improvement in Europe from our EAA brands. The seasonal European business, so, the North America brands going to Europe have experienced more challenge as we previously communicated, but most of the drive is coming from the strength of the North American markets.
Arnold Donald: We are very pleased with China. China continues to be accretive to us, as we’ve indicated before, a volume and return story, more than a yield story. Yields are down in China this year. But overall, our earnings are proportionate to our capacity growth. We see continued demand. And again, as we said just a few minutes ago, our capacity changes are -- they sound like big percentage increases, but in terms of the actual volume, we are going to go from 5% of our capacity to 6%, next year, but China is doing well for us and we continue to have great confidence in the business. And overall, the business is accretive, especially for the brands that are there.
Arnold Donald: Yes. At this point in time, the FX impact which obviously we’ve calculated in. We’ve taken a strong look at our business obviously in the UK and in Europe, and then everywhere else in the world to see what possible ramifications would be. But at this point, we have no reason to adjust anything.
Arnold Donald: Thank you for the acknowledgment on the quarter. We see in Europe overall that again the booking curve is getting a little further out; we ended up with less inventory to sell, which allows us obviously to improve closer in pricing, which contributes to the yield growth, and David may have a comment.
Arnold Donald: This is Arnold first. First of all, on the new revenue management tools, we are very excited about it. We feel the brands are collaborating exceptionally well on it. It is going to allow us many, many more capabilities in terms of more time and inquiries, smaller movements and price movements to optimize pricing, and therefore maximize on the yield results. And, as we said, we’ll be pretty much booked by the end of the summer. So most of the impact of this initial phase, we’ll see next year. And then into next year, we’ll add some additional features, which will bring in the rest of the brands as well and we’ll be able to max out going into 2018 from the tool itself and the better management skills that our people will develop from being able to utilize this tool and be able to see things in a more timely, and be able to respond in a more rapid fashion. I’ll let David comment beyond that; but go ahead, David.
Arnold Donald: Yes, what’s changed is obviously we have more clarity on line of sight and we’re ahead on booking; we’ve got less volume to sell; we are at higher prices. And so, we have affirmation for being positive.
Arnold Donald: For us, as I said, first of all, our occupancy on our sailings is very comparable, which is very strong to prior year; we see no major change in occupancy whatsoever. In terms of yields, of course, the yields are down, but on the other hand, our earnings are up proportionately. So, we are pricing at what we need to price for it to make sense for our business in China. We’re achieving that pricing in our charters and our contracts and with our distributors. And obviously, they have to win as well. And they won’t to be in the business if they’re not winning, but they are in the business. So, I think that overall things again, in a market that is really so sizable and we’re at such an early beginning, we have such low penetration for a market of that scale, I think we are in good shape going forward.
Arnold Donald: As we’ve said in the past, we expect to achieve double-digit returns on invested capital. Earlier this year, we said in the next two to three years; at the end of this year, it will be the next one to two years. We are going to approach 9% return on invested capital this year. So, that’s a good sign for what you can expect going forward. So, on balance we’re going to get there. You are right, we did share that the Carnival brand itself was already at double-digit return on invested capital, we have other brands that are. And overall, we will be there across the base of our business in time.
Arnold Donald: It is only one ship. For the Dominican Republic part of the Fathom story, those that have gone have loved the experience and felt that they were personally transformed et cetera. It’s different targeted segment. It’s a travel segment more than a cruise segment. And, our ability to access that segment is challenging. We remain very optimistic about the brand, but the reality is we have to see the bookings from that segment. With regards to Cuba where we literally made history through the Fathom brand, our fall bookings are very strong for Cuba. We got a late approval; the summer has not been full, although the experience has been phenomenal. We do have opportunities remaining on some of the summer sailings into Cuba. And we will just have to let it play out. And the team’s done a marvelous job with the on the ground product and the ship onboard product for DR. And obviously, we’re honored and privileged and somewhat humbled to be the first going to Cuba.
Arnold Donald: Again, just to put things in perspective again, while the percentages sound so large, it’s equivalent of moving one additional ship in, to a market that in time is going to be far larger than the North American market and could be as large proportionately as the entire global cruise market is, right now. So, while there may be some bumps in and temporary discontinuities as distributors ramp up with their own personnel to move the volume of cruise because a lot of those distributors sell other type of travel products obviously, and there might be some bumps along those ways -- along those lines. Overall, China remains a robust opportunity. We are still at the very, very beginning of it. So, I don’t see that -- you are going to have some negotiations going on; everybody wants a better price; it is a B2B business almost now. And of course, there will be negotiations trying to get lower prices, if they can get better returns and what have you. But overall, things are very good; the cruise product that we offer is well-received and excellent. We are going to have our first purpose-built ship, the Majestic Princess going in next year. She is being met with very, very positive response by the distributors already. And we have our first ship, AIDA as I mentioned going in next year, and then we have our base for Costa and the rest of the Princess. But on balance, it’s the equivalent of adding one ship. And so, we’ll be going from 5% of our capacity to 6% of our capacity, which is not very large at all. Even with the industry moving in a few additional ships, it is stuff that can be managed and may be a bump here in road here or there. But over time, it’s going to be great. And we do expect to see continued earnings improvement, directionally to capacity expansion.
Arnold Donald: Our commitment is definitely to measure capacity growth, not just supply growth. And, as we are delivering double-digit return and as the ships we have do that, we will retain those ships in the fleet; as they don’t do that, then obviously we would not. But we are totally committed to measured capacity growth. And, given the large number of ships we have in the base we represent, that influences overall the global capacity for the industry. So, yes, a lot of the capacity growth you’re going to see as you have already identified, is targeted in China, which means the rest of the market -- the rest of the world, the other 95% of today’s capacity is not seeing very much growth. And things change for whatever reasons, which we don’t anticipate. But if they were to change, we can easily modify and adapt, and change our replenishment strategy. We will always want the new ships because they’re more efficient, more cost effective. So, you would always want the new ships you would look at the timing of moving out the ships that are less efficient and not generating returns.
Arnold Donald: Right now, it depends on the demand in the market, right? So, for us, things are robust. Keep in mind that the industry overall is underpenetrated. In our case, with 10 brands, we have a huge base of people who have experienced cruise and love it. Cruise is still the best vacation value there is; there is a tremendous vacation experience. Onboard revenues have grown every year in the cruise industry except -- and for us, our onboard revenues have grown every year except one year in the whole history of the time we have been in business; and so that we can look back to and find, and that is in all kinds of environments, recessionary environments, crises environments, everything. So, underpenetrated, big base of people who already want to cruise, great dynamics; it’s hard to say, but I don’t anticipate acceleration of retirements of ships. But, the point is, we have mobile assets; we have a number of triggers we can pull; and we can do what we need to do because we are committed to double-digit return on invested capital and sustaining that.
Arnold Donald: Well, in the near-term, it’s not going to happen because the deployments are mostly transparent at this point. So, the best indication is that we can see a lot of where the ships are going already. So, you won’t see a 2014 explosion of Caribbean capacity; in 2017, you won’t see that. So having said that there could still be additional capacity in the Caribbean because they’re strong now for us and I’m sure it is for others too and similarly to the extent possible up in Alaska as well. But we are anticipating that. Every year there is overcapacity somewhere and so on and so forth. And again, we have lots of different ways to manage our business to ensure that we deliver the results we are committed to delivering, which is a double-digit return on invested capital. But, we don’t anticipate an explosion in the Caribbean, like you saw in 2014.
Arnold Donald: Again, you want that new ships because they are more efficient; and inherently, they can give you a better return. So the new ships will come. The question is what do you do with the other ships? And as long as they are returning, you’ll keep them. If the demand is there, there is growth in China; Cuba opens up; there is renewed interest in the Caribbean and so on, and growth prospects for the Caribbean, all those things are drivers that can help give you yields and returns on some of the existing fleet. So, the lever is pretty straightforward. You will be able to tell what ships are performing and which ones aren’t. And if you don’t have a good redeployment plan, then it would make sense to exit.
Arnold Donald: We manage to yield; we don’t manage to a timeframe. So, costs can move in and out quarters, but we are managing to yield and return.
Arnold Donald: Oh, retrofit. Basically, Queen Mary 2 went into a dry dock as the ships periodically do three to five years, depending on the class of ship. And the others are practically new, have gone through a dry dock recently. So, it’s just part of dry dock. On the other hand, Queen Mary 2, there was a re-mastering. I mean, she is the only ocean liner out there, and we’re very, very proud of her. And wherever she goes, she is still iconic. People gather by the thousands and tens of thousands to see her sail in and sail out. And so, we take great pride in her, and also we can generate the yields from the additional investment. So, we did do a re-mastering of the Queen Mary 2 versus just a traditional kind of dry dock where you refresh.
Arnold Donald: I would say the negotiations are in line. I mean, there is always a negotiation. And, I don’t want to overstate that. I mean, they are our partners; they need to win too, but of course they are going to try to get as great a return as they can possibly get. There are sub agents involved with distributors and so on and so forth. So, I don’t see any greater intensity in the negotiations when you bake fundamental change in the tone or nature or anything like that. But there’s always ongoing negotiation, as you look out into future years with the charters.
Arnold Donald: Yes. So today, we are beginning to expand the number of distributors. Historically, we’ve worked with principally a group of 10; we are starting to expand beyond that. We are starting of course in the -- near Shanghai, near Tianjin where the ships were, and we are starting to expand throughout the country. That’s why we expanded the offices. Some of those distributors obviously have sub agents, sub distributors that they’ve worked with in the past. So, our reach is a little bit more than what a lot of -- quite a bit more than the 10 we work with directly through that. But we are expanding the -- as we expand capacity, we are expanding the reach of distributors and going into not only further through the country but also more density where the ships are. So, it’s a nascent market and we are building it as we go.
Arnold Donald: Okay, everyone, thank you so much. I really appreciate it and look forward to seeing you guys during the quarter and to sharing with you next quarter’s results. Thank you very much. Thank you.
David Bernstein: Yes. Keep in mind that in our situation, 90% of the guests on our European itineraries are European; and so, this is a very different picture of the North Americans flying over. And I think as we had said a number of times earlier this year, the North Americans, while the pricing was down, we are filling the ships; and recently we have seen some very good demand for the European itineraries from the North Americans.
David Bernstein: No, I agree with Arnold; and it’s really a multi-year process as we keep rolling out more of the inventory on the system, and we learn from it. It is a little early to try to give guidance for 2017 or the exact impact in 2017 from the system; we’ll talk more about yields in December. But keep in mind overall, to achieve our double-digit ROIC goal, our expectation is that we will see solid yield improvement in 2017 and beyond to achieve those goals. And, we’ll give you more color in coming December.
David Bernstein: I guess overall, we took the ticket yield guidance, as I mentioned in my comments, up by $0.05. And so, I think as Arnold alluded to before, we are seeing strength in the North American market; and as a result of that, we took our yield guidance up for the back half of the year.
David Bernstein: The British pound represents about 30% of our currency exposure. So, we talk about a full-year impact of $0.27 for a 10% change in all currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. So, for the British pound, you are talking about roughly $0.08 on a full-year basis to net income.
David Bernstein: Really hard to say. You are talking a lot of itineraries, multiple brands. Our brands do a great job, looking at it itinerary by itinerary and sourcing based off of where they can get the maximum amount of yield. And so, there is a lot of factors to consider and a call like that in the short-term would be very difficult for us to opine on at this point.
David Bernstein: Generally speaking, we don’t give all the details by brand. But for the third quarter, we’re generally 80% to 90% booked, has been the historic range. And for the quarter, the fourth quarter, which would be one quarter out, it’d be 50% to 70% booked. Now, I think on the last call, I said we were sort of at the middle of those ranges -- or maybe that was the December call. I don’t remember exactly. And the booking curve has continued to move out. So, we’re a little bit higher than the midpoint of those ranges. Every brand has a slightly different booking curve, and that has to do with the nationalities and the people. So, there are differences between the brands all around the world. But it’s more cultural than economic generally speaking. So, hopefully that gives you enough color to make some judgments.
David Bernstein: No significant deviations; I mean, generally speaking, the booking curve all around the globe has been moving out somewhat, and we feel very good about that situation for all the brands.
David Bernstein: And keep in mind, we’re also expanding the number of offices we have in China. We’re now up to 12 offices and there are more to be opened. We’re working with more and more travel agents and expanding that base, plus we continue to educate the travel agents on -- more about cruising and how to better sell cruises. So, we continue to expand the opportunity in marketplace as well as really as Arnold indicated, it’s really just one additional four -- the equivalent of one additional 4,000-passenger ship, entering a huge market with tremendous opportunity.
David Bernstein: The Aussie dollar is probably about 35%. I think, historically I have told everybody that the British pound and the Aussie dollar represented two thirds of our currency exposure. The remaining exposure is you ‘e got the Canadian dollar, the euro, and the Chinese renminbi. And those three are probably about 10% apiece. And this is of course all from a net income bottom-line exposure. We have a lot more than 10% of our business in euros but we also have a lot of expenses in euros, which net out the exposure when you get to the bottom line.
David Bernstein: Keep in mind that when we planned the 2014 deployments, our brands were not coordinating their own -- the deployment within our own Company. So, a number of individual brands each made what they thought were really good decisions. Now the deployment is well-coordinated within our Company and there’s more visibility across the whole corporation, which is how we wound up with the 5%.
David Bernstein: I’ll take the first question, Steve. In terms of realized losses on fuel derivatives, it’s $285 million that was built into our June guidance, as a result of the change in Brent, which moved up, the losses came down just a little bit. In terms of advertising built into the guidance, I mean it was -- these are small movements that the brands planned well-ahead and make decisions over time, based off of what they see happening in booking trends and other things, and they will reseasonalize. Keep in mind, every good plan has got to change, as you see movements. It’s no different when we see strength in bookings, we raise prices; we make changes over time. So that’s really essentially, it is not a big deal and it’s just some seasonalization between the quarters.
David Bernstein: We’ve said all along, the yields are down. We had previously indicated that the ticket prices were higher than the fleet average. And at this point in time, the ticket prices are in line with the overall fleet average, but it’s really an apples and oranges comparison, because in China you’ve got a much higher percentage of the fleet is in the contemporary brands. And so, you’re comparing apples and oranges when you’re taking the average China ticket yield to the overall fleet average ticket yield. So, keep that in mind as you evaluate the numbers.
David Bernstein: You do also have to remember you’ve got slightly easier comparison in the prior year to Q4 versus Q3; that’s part of it as well as mix of the ships and the deployments and a number of other things.
David Bernstein: As far as the split is concerned, the fuel price was roughly, including derivatives, $0.10 and currency was $0.07, which made up the $0.17 compared to our March guidance. In terms of the third quarter, the way it works from an accounting perspective is the exchange rate gets locked in for accounting when the people pay for their cruise. From an actual exchange of physical currencies from one to another, we do that, generally speaking, on a daily or a weekly basis, depending on what currencies we need. We do have bills in British pound; we retain those currencies; and the extra we do exchange into U.S. dollars or euros or whatever currency we’re short.
David Bernstein: That is correct. And, in the 10% impact, we take those locked in rates into account when we get a currency impact on our P&L. So, I said that 10% movement would be $0.09 for the third quarter. I took into account that a big chunk of that revenue has been paid for and locked in.
David Bernstein: Keep in mind, there is 26,000 travel agents in China; about 2,600 of them have outbound licenses. And so, what we’re seeing happening is while there is a small group that tends to charter let’s say the full ship, we’re probably dealing with 250 to 300 agents who are doing large groups and chartering part of a ship at this point in time. But, those 250 or 300 travel agents are also selling through the other 24,000 travel agents around the country; that is what Arnold called sub agents, and they are selling into these groups and charters. So, it’s a tremendous distribution system and it can be leveraged. And it’s part of the reason why we are so optimistic about the growth in China, tremendous opportunity.
