Larry Stranghoener: Good morning Vincent. Yes, you're thinking about it the right way. I will let Rick McLellan amplify.
Larry Stranghoener: Joel, good morning. Yes rock costs were up in the quarter, its directly a function of the accounting impacts for the CF acquisition, where we had to write-up the acquired inventory, and those costs will go back to a more normal level in the third and fourth quarter of the year.
Larry Stranghoener: Good morning Don, thank you for those questions. Again I will ask Rick to answer a couple , with response from Mike Rahm as well.
Larry Stranghoener: Don, just to reiterate the key message, demand is strong around the world for both P&K and inventory levels are very level.
Larry Stranghoener: Thank you, Mike. Good morning to you, that's a timely topic. Joc, why don't you take the first stab at it? Rick, you might have something to add.
Larry Stranghoener: Carl, good morning. We have made it very clear that we like the outlook for Brazil. We are pleased with the presence we have there today, but are very anxious to build on that. We are doing so of course through the ADM acquisition, which we hope will close by the end of this year, and we are looking at other expansion, internal expansion opportunities as well. This is important, largely as a way to ensure. We have got access to markets for our production, and that's really what this is all about. Its not to be in distribution for the sake of distribution, and because we see Brazil is such a large and growing market, we want to make sure that we can funnel product there for many years to come and having control over more distribution, as is a sure way of doing that. The distribution business itself is typically a 5% to 6% sort of operating margin, with very good returns on capital though, I might add. So all told, we think this is a very good business proposition for us, and we look forward to executing this growth plan in Brazil.
Larry Stranghoener: I would just reiterate, Yonah, the supply-demand picture for phosphate in particular, well for both nutrients, its just very solid through the rest of this year. There is a lot of demand, I hope we have made that very clear. There is strong demand this year. We see demand growth continuing next year. We find our customers are far more concerned about logistics, issues, and the challenge of getting product into the market this fall, and much less concerned about price. So it’s a good time to be on this business.
Larry Stranghoener: Adam, good morning. We will take one more question after this by the way, and as you suggest, I will turn this one over to Mike to respond to.
Richard McLellan: I think Vincent you've pretty much outlined what we expect to happen. The demand in North America is very strong, and its really driven by the fact that after a really good spring application season, the pipeline has completely emptied out of product, and so there is going to be a big push to get those tons into this marketplace. As well, you're heading into Brazil planting season, so they are going to continue to pull tonnes, despite being on a very solid pace. And then yes you're right, mostly going to Southeast Asia, and probably not very much into China, until we get into the fourth quarter.
Richard McLellan: I think Don, there was another part to your question, its Rick, about the China contract; the agreement with China on optional tonnage -- it was a jointly agreed upon option. Frankly, when we agree to move forward with that, the market pricing on standard hadn't improved that much. The fact that we now are in a position where we are well sold on standard, is allowing those spot markets to move up.
Richard McLellan: Last year at this time, well Mike's getting his numbers together. I will just talk about what we said, that there was a build of in-country inventory, and it was getting chewed through. Well this year, we see the impact of that being, as we expect between 4.5 million and 5 million tonnes of imports into India of DAP. There is a 1.5 million bring brought forward today, we believe between now and the 1st of November, they need arrivals of close to 3 million tonnes of DAP. Minimal amounts of those tonnes have been booked. So they have -- given that we are going to be the 1st of August tomorrow, they have to get some buying shoes on pretty quickly. Mike, you want to take --
Richard McLellan: Yeah, thanks Larry. We have been talking about the success of MicroEssentials in North America a lot. We haven't spent as much time talking about that success in Brazil. And frankly, again, it’s a yield story; it’s a yield story on soybeans, where we are getting anywhere from 4% to 6% increase in soybean yield, that's the first value that it creates. The second, is you are sending in a very costly market environment for freight, the same nutrients in less tonnes. And so, there is a value that the farmer sees for that. They can get the product there in a more cost effective manner, and they run less product through their own equipment. So for those few reasons, we have seen pretty consistent growth, and right now, we are at about 6% of the Brazil market is delivered -- phosphates are delivered as MicroEssentials.
Richard McLellan: Thanks Joc. Good morning Mike. I think you were at the southwest, we talked for a moment. But there, all of the talk was about logistics, challenges, whether it would be barges, whether it would be rail or impending changes to trucking. This is something we are going to deal with. So separating purchasing from the time of shipment, is why we got into having these programs, and they will continue. The one thing you have to remember is, with the warehouses empty and product going to the field, there won't be product that will get -- warehouses won't get filled up before this fall, for those extra few tonnes that people might expect. Everything that goes between now and the start of the third quarter, and into the fourth quarter is going to go to the ground.
Richard McLellan: Good morning Yonah. If we think about imports into North America, the North American market requires imports to meet the total demand. There is not the capability for domestic producers to be the sole supplier to the marketplace. So we have seen product come from OCP, product from Mexico into the marketplace. Those frankly have to come. Your question about China, there were several Chinese vessels supposed to be heading to the U.S. But to-date, nothing has arrived, and the market continues to be very tight for supply into the third quarter. As far as the second question was on pricing on what we see, in India versus North America. I think that what we see happening is the North American price, or the price out of producers, ex-China, has continued to strengthen over the last six week period. In the meantime, the price that Chinese -- or that Indian buyers are having to pay to get those tonnes out of China, has increased dramatically. I think at the start of their programs, they had a 450 number that they are able to buy for the latest -- their hearing is between 485 and 490. So we have seen significant price pull up in India, and given the demand picture into the Americas for the next six to eight week period, we see the impact of India being minimal.
Richard McLellan: I think the -- I will go back to what we have been saying since the start of the year. First, we needed to see demand growth. That demand growth is occurring. Our expectations are close to 4 million tonne increase in global potash demand in this year, and prices have moved higher. We expect that the Brazil business on a global basis will get done in the 360 range, and there is chances for opportunities for it to go to 380. We have put a price increase before we shipped -- before we booked tonnes into North America, that was up $20. Those are being realized and will be realized in the third quarter; and so, first we need to get the demand underneath those which we are getting, and then there is chances for prices to go higher.
Richard McLellan: Yeah. Frankly, our Canpotex allocation is going to ebb and flow as our partners have brought on production or we bring on production. So we are expecting, where we don't see a skew to more North America in the longer term, I think as we would in, we will come out, after all of the expansions are proven. So that if we don't see a long term difference there. Frankly Kevin, good question on why you would have a range, if you have everything sold. Its what I asked our own people, and I think frankly, its all about the logistic systems. Right now, we are assuming that the product that we produce, is going to get into the marketplace, and that the barge systems, the rail systems and the truck systems will perform. But there is a lot of competing commodities, moving on those same logistics systems. So that's the reason for the range.
Michael Rahm: Sure. Good morning Don. Just to refresh, we are projecting global shipments of potash at 57.4 million tonnes this year, that's up 3.8 million tonnes from last year. If you look at the price chart of potash, potash prices trended down and bottomed early this year, and we think over the last couple of years, pipelines around the globe have been pulled down to very low levels. So of this 57.4 million, we think that most of that is virtually all used. Another way to think about it, if you look at global grain and oilseed production, we had a huge step-up in 2013. We are going to continue to produce at that very high level, probably more. And if you look at 100 million metric tonne increase in global grain and oilseed use, that pulls a lot of incremental nutrients out of the ground. So short answer, we think most of these shipments around the world, and especially in North America, are going to the ground.
Michael Rahm: Sure. PJ, let me answer the last question first, in terms of China's exports. They are tracking higher, and then our projection for their total DAP map tripled exports this year, a little whisker shy of 6 million tonnes, and that compares to about 5.3 million tonnes last year. Most of that increase is in the form of DAP. But there is kind of a symbiotic relationship between China and India. So India's imports of DAP, as Rick mentioned, we think they will be in that 4.5 million to 5 million tonnes, with three left to ship between now and November. Just in terms of phosphate pipeline inventories, we think in the case of India, that inventory or pipeline is pretty much dry, and they are playing a very close game of supplying the phosphate that Indian farmers need. So I think it’s a very similar story to potash. The pipeline is very low, and in the case of India, the recent regeneration of the monsoon is extremely good news. The last official report from the meteorological group in India was that rainfall was 25% less than normal, and the most recent information we have from our team there, as we think the report tomorrow will indicate that rainfall is only 80% or so below normal. So it started late, but it has been a very-very good -- delivering very good rainfall, here recently.
Michael Rahm: Sure. We have asked our geographies to provide some input, in terms of how they see 2015 shaping up. We expect further increases in 2015, maybe not quite as robust as 2014, but in terms of specific ranges, we think 2015 global phosphate shipments will be in that 65.5 to 67.5 range, and our point estimate is kind of right in the middle, and that follows the 1.6 million tonne increase this year. So from point-to-point, we are estimating almost 1 million tonne increase, about 1.3%, little bit lower growth rate, but still growth in the current environment. In case of potash, the numbers come in for 2015 around 58 million to 60 million tonnes, and frankly, our point estimate is at the high end of that range. So we think there will be a pretty decent follow-through to the 7% increase that we have seen in potash shipments this year, that translates into about 3.8 million tonne increase in 2014, probably at 2 million to 2.5 million tonne increase in 2015.
Michael Rahm: All right. Good morning Adam. I am glad you asked the question, because people I think are questioning demand growth in this commodity price environment. And I think one of the things you need to look at, the affordability index. We publish that each week on our web sites, last week, and let me just say, the affordability index is simply a ratio of ag commodity prices and crop nutrient prices. Last week that was 0.88, and I think many people are looking back to the 2008 period and saying, my gosh, we are going to be in the same soup here, given the drop off in ag commodity prices. But just if you contrast today with 2008; if you go back to the peak of that affordability index, that peaked at 1.55 back in the first week of August in 2008, and at that time, the price of urea I think was $780, the price of DAP was $1,078, the price of MOP was $918. And interestingly, if you look at the price of ag commodities at that time, price of corn was 5.22, little bit higher than the 3.62 today and the price of soybeans was 12.43, not a heck of a lot different than the 12.21 that we see today. So affordability, when we got our input from the geographies, our guidance was, I think in terms of an affordability index, similar to where we are at today. So that's kind of the background in terms of the -- how the forecast was put together in the guidance. In terms of where the increases are coming from, in the case of phosphate, we expect growth in India, and a little bit further growth in Brazil, with most of the other regions remaining about flat, and in a few regions, maybe a small decline and particularly in North America, if we see corn acres drop down into the 90 million acre range next year, we could see slightly lower shipments. In the case of potash, generally we see a pretty positive growth across the board, again, led by rebounds in India, also further growth we think in Brazil and China. So as I said before, in the case of potash, we are projecting another 2 million tonne increase in shipments or about a 4% increase. So hopefully that, I think, covers the basis in terms of that question about what does 2015 look like at this point.
Richard Mack: Jeff, good morning. Starting with the cost cutting program, we have described, starting I think last year, our program to reduce costs at our operating units by some $200 million each, coupled with extensive cost reductions in our corporate secret [ph] functions. We are well down the path of defining the road to get there, and have begun to implement the actions. You have seen some evidence of that already, I think you're starting to see evidence of it in our results. I will ask Joc to give some more color on what we are doing.
Richard Mack: Sure, thanks Larry; and Mark, I guess the way I would characterize it is, progress on Ma'aden is advancing very well. The stages that we are at right now would be in advanced engineering on virtually all packages that we need to construct this very large $7.5 billion project. As was noted in the prepared comments, this is a big project finance deal, and we had a very successful project financing of $5 billion close in the last 45 days or so, at very favorable pricing, so that's also another milestone. In areas of North and by Ras Al Khair, in the eastern part of Saudi Arabia, there are spades in the ground, and there is infrastructure emerging from the ground and advancing as expected. So lots of works to do, good progress, and as we previously communicated, we expect this 3 million to 3.5 million tonnes to come online in the last quarter of 2016.
Richard Mack: Thanks Rick. Andrew, I guess there is two things I would say on segment reporting. One, I am just moving into this role, and two, we have the ADM acquisition which is going to significantly increase the size of our international distribution business. I am well aware of the challenges that many of you have had, in terms of modeling our current segment composition, where we have international distribution and our phosphate upstream business in the same segment, and so I simply would ask you to stay patient and stay tuned. It's under review.
