Corrine D. Ricard: Sure. We still are seeing a lot of discussion about the environmental protection mandate that we've seen around the Yangtze River. The situation is still evolving, and our local team has been doing a lot of work to try and get updates for us regularly. They are reporting reduced rock production at some of the mines and increased cost related to the gypsum disposal and some producers are having real proximity challenges. They're too close to the river and they're being threatened with either closures or relocation to get a little more distance. So, that economic pressure in total on these producers is really starting to add up. We're seeing their cost structure go up and they're having to fully cover their costs and that's part of why you're seeing these higher asking prices on their offers for exports. If you look at DAP, MAP and triple exports, they are down for the first six months of the year modestly, about 4% down. But it is starting to take effect. All that said, of course, with these strong stripping margins, it is really difficult to anticipate the pace of the restructuring. But like Joc said, in the long run, we anticipate you're going to have really a smaller but financially healthier Chinese industry in the long run.
Corrine D. Ricard: Yeah. Ben, thanks so much for noting. This was a record production and sales quarter for MicroEssentials, and it just shows the success that we are having with the product. Overall, pricing has been maintained at the levels relative to MAP in all of our markets, and demand has been strong and growing. As Joc says, we're going to have to start to think about the further growth from there in production. And in terms of the patent, I'll turn over to Mark Isaacson.
Corrine D. Ricard: Sure. When we talk about MicroEssentials, there are a number of different products within that group of products, and so, we've got different pricing for each one of those relative to the micronutrients, the sulfur content, et cetera. As Joc mentioned, the pricing premium is relative to MAP or DAP has been maintained. And even with our growth that we've seen in the markets, we have been able to maintain those pricing premium. I think you also asked about other new products. Mosaic does spend a fair amount of time working on other new products. We have launched some new micronutrient enhanced potash products, and we are working on further developments in our phosphate line of products. Stay tuned for more information about those as we develop them, get them in the market.
James C. O'Rourke: And so let me just reiterate. Our criteria for restarting Plant City will be a real perceived longer term need for that product in the market. We don't see that today but that may change in the future.
James C. O'Rourke: Yeah. First impressions of Mosaic Fertilizantes, I think our first impressions have been that the opportunities were at least as good or better than what we had hoped for. We've seen an extremely energized team. Probably, the most encouraging perspective from my point of view is how energized the new Mosaic employees are about making the changes and really becoming part of the Mosaic team. They're very excited about being part of a group that's focused on crop nutrition and delivery of crop nutrition. So, that's really encouraging. As you kind of indicate, our synergy capture has been at least as good or better than what we could have hoped for. So now let me come back to the Q1 earnings question in terms of – or, sorry, the synergy question. First half of the year, yes, we have $56 million of gross synergies. Net of cost to achieve though, we're more like $34 million, and we said we would achieve $100 million including net of the cost to achieve. So, two-thirds of the next year, we have or next quarter, we have to achieve about $66 million to the bottom line. And we're certainly running at a rate that will give us that. And then, we're encouraged that we might do better than that. We're running at a very good run rate and we will be very well positioned not only for achieving the $100 million but going into 2019 in a very good position to achieve the $175 million.
James C. O'Rourke: Sure. Well, thanks, Jeff. I'm going to hand the China question over to Mike, but let me comment a little bit about the – particularly the risks in the third quarter. Certainly, most of the turnarounds were in the second quarter, as we head into the main fertilizer season we need our plants to be running well and be in good shape, which is why we take the turnarounds outside of the quarter. In terms of the trucking issues, the big issue there from our perspective is that the strike that started, it really impacted second quarter and it will probably come a little bit into third quarter because of cost of goods, but we've certainly covered that in our guidance. The biggest area of concern there is while the trucking tables have been implemented by the government, a lot of people believe that it is unconstitutional and anti-competitive. So, they don't believe that that was implemented correctly. So, the government is yet to find really what we'd call a workable solution there. So, the main exposure is from product sales, which include freight, and that we entered into before the strike. Now, in these cases, we still have uncertainty and don't have the kind of clarity we need for the implementation of that freight rate table. So, there is unknown exposure there which we have incorporated into our guidance. However, there is also the risk because there is a lack of a clear resolution. There's always a risk of further disruption by the truckers. We don't think that's likely. But we do believe it is a risk and it's one risk that we can't really plan for because it is obviously an unknown. Hopefully, that helps. But generally, the biggest risk to Brazil right now, we've got a good book of sales on. It's just execution and making sure that that trucking works.
James C. O'Rourke: Oh and sorry, China. Let me hand that straight to Mike. I think he's got a pretty good handle on the S&Ds.
James C. O'Rourke: Thanks, Ben. Let me start by just giving you the main markets. We obviously started in the U.S. because that's our key market and we developed the product and the research and whatnot in the U.S., Brazil and Central America became the second target area. And frankly, quite soon, we're going to be running up against production limitations. Again, we have capacity to produce close to 2.5 million tonnes, but that, we're going to start hitting that production limit not too far out. So, we're going to have to look at what's next for MicroEssentials. It's been such a successful product around the world that we believe that there will be an opportunity to expand that further. In terms of the patents, I might just hand that over to Mark Isaacson, our General Counsel, in a second. But let me say one thing. As much as anything, our knowledge in how to produce and the scale of production of MicroEssentials plus the 10 years of proven in-the-field results have made it very difficult for anyone to come in and do a me-too with or without the patent situation.
James C. O'Rourke: In answer to your second question, Don, clearly one of the advantages of our Mosaic Fertilizantes business is the proximity to the key agricultural markets. So, freight is a much lower component of our cost structure in Brazil than it would be for an imported product. As such, we expect that in general we have a freight advantage and proportionally our freight advantage would increase with the cost of freight.
James C. O'Rourke: Sorry, Andrew. Microphone. Yeah. I can answer part of that. Obviously, the actual table is extremely complicated, and I don't think we can give you that level of clarity. But what I can tell you is yes, once we get new contracts, those will be incorporating the new freight rates into them. But the main exposure right now is sales we did before the strike. So, in other words, we have a contract of affreightment at one rate, but the new table is at a different rate. So, the question is, do the truckers honor the old rate which they entered a contract with us, or do they try to achieve the new rate? And what that number is, is about $6 per tonne of risk on those sales we've already entered into. So, we may or may not see those. And as we go through, first, our third quarter, more and more of those old contracts are used up and sold. So, the exposure gets less and less over time.
James C. O'Rourke: Thanks, Dan, and good morning. Yeah, I think it's pretty well understood that production economics in India, we would like to call them fabrication economics, were unfavorable given the high relative cost of phosphoric acid. So, I think production first half of the year was down significantly and I think to the tune of 500,000 tonnes or so. I don't have that number in front of me. One of the things they have done is they have lowered the GST on imported phosphoric acid so that, we think, going forward you may see a little bit of a ramp-up of production there. Bottom line is we expect about 5.5 million tonnes of imports, and we do think that production probably recovers a little bit over the next several months and we'd probably end the calendar year with production in that maybe 4.2 million tonne, 4.3 million tonne range. And I think longer term India is always going to look out for a diversified source of phosphate. So, we don't see domestic fabrication growing dramatically over time. And as demand increases, we do think most of the increase in demand likely will be met by greater imports.
James C. O'Rourke: Hello, John. Thanks for that. The structure of the Brazil business or the Brazil market is quite a bit different than what I would call the North American retail. So, as you say, it's kind of hard to determine what is retail and what is distribution. We sell to a lot of very large farmers, but we also sell into some smaller retails. It's a very fragmented type of industry there. And again, I can't comment on what our competitors are doing or thinking. What I would say, though, is we believe we've built a very good competitive business in Brazil. We believe the synergies between our distribution business and our production business gives us a real competitive advantage and a real first-mover advantage into those core markets. And the other models for that, we'll just wait and see and see how they work and we'll obviously respond to what that means to the competitive landscape. Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke: Thanks, Michael. Yeah. On K3, let me give you an update on where we're at and we will talk more about this in future calls and the reason we didn't talk about it today is more that if anything, we are in the process of shutting down and doing a turnaround at K2. And one of the big projects during that turnaround will be to tie in the conveyor from K3 to K2, which means that we can start ramping up K3 from a production perspective somewhere in this third quarter. So, we're very encouraged with where that is going. K3, we fully expect will be one – and particularly, once we eliminate the brine inflow costs at K2, K3 will be one of the lowest cost – cash cost projects in the world, certainly one of the most efficient potash mines in the world. So, that's our expectation there. We'll talk more about expectations of cash costs in the future. In terms of the India-China contract, look, two things on that. They both will need fertilizer. They both will need potash at some point. Today, those contracts are in process. I don't like to talk about any contracts that Canpotex is in the middle of. I don't think that's a good thing to do in a public forum. But I will tell you that the rest of the world is demanding potash. Our volume movements are very good. And I think the impact of these contracts long term is becoming less and less of a bellwether. I'd also say, at least in our quarter three, our guidance includes very little volume, particularly from China. So, it doesn't have a big impact on where we're going in the next three months or so. Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke: Yeah. Thanks, Mark. Yeah, look, our preference with this level of uncertainty will be to enter into more CFR contracts in Brazil – or sorry – FOB contracts in Brazil to, let's say, move the freight risk from our system. That's not always possible, but that is a focus we would have, and we have to find a way of mitigating that risk or we have to price it into our offerings. So, I mean, easy to do, sometimes more challenging to implement because you do have MOUs and long-term customers where you've got a certain way of selling. So, we'll either have to incorporate it into our pricing or move that risk over to our customers at the time. Now, in terms of brine costs, yes, we've been doing a – the potash team's been doing a great job on brine management and brine cost. If you remember, we put a fair bit of money into some technological improvements, I guess, about three or four years ago. And that, along with just good cost management, have really helped us control that brine cost for a number of years now. So, we're feeling pretty good about it. Obviously the long-term solution is to eliminate it altogether, but it is well controlled, and we do not expect any real variation. Obviously Mother Nature plays a role, but we do not expect any real variation in the second half of the year.
James C. O'Rourke: And, sorry, and just with that, I'd just like to wrap up by saying, again, our company is well-positioned here, and I want to just reiterate our key performance issues. Our business is performing well. We're generating substantial cash as a result of both better market conditions and our business transformations. Second, we're making extremely good progress on our Mosaic Fertilizantes business in Latin America, and we continue to feel good about the acquisition. And third, we're optimistic that our momentum will continue and accelerate as we move into the end of this year. To sum it up, Mosaic continues to be well positioned to deliver attractive returns as these business conditions continue to improve. Thank you for your attention. Have a great and safe day.
Mike Rahm: Sure. Good morning, Jeff. I think the numbers that you see in the first half are really indicative of the changes that we expect to accelerate in China over the next several years. One, the increase in DAP imports is driven largely by strong demand in India or a rebound in Indian imports this year, and that is being supplied by typically large integrated players who have more modern plants that are not located on the river and the like. The big drop in MAP production really reflects some of the economics of the non-integrated players that are mostly along the river where, as Corrine mentioned before, they're incurring higher costs and more stringent environmental regulations that are difficult to comply with. And as a result, we're seeing a 33% reduction in exports there. So, bottom line, I think it's just indicative of things to come.
Mike Rahm: Just in terms of fundamentals as Corrine said, there's stronger DAP import demand by the U.S. given the idling of Plant City. Indian DAP demand has been very strong. And on the flip side, MAP exports into Brazil are off to a slower start this year. We expect them to pick up. So, I think we're seeing some changes in that price relationship already with MAP prices recovering some of their premium. And I think that probably will continue given the strong import demand that we expect in Brazil second half of the year.
Mike Rahm: Okay. Yeah, Don. Thanks for the question. Good morning. Yeah, if you look at those charts, there's certainly a very good demand story unfolding. I should note that we have revised up our shipment estimates for the past couple of years based on new trade information from various sources including the International Fertilizer Association. And when you look at our projections for 2019, they do reflect a bit more modest growth from a much higher base. And I would emphasize that those are our initial forecasts. We'll see how demand plays out, in particular, how ag commodity prices move. We've seen a big drop-off in June, but they are rebounding very nicely given a much smaller global crop than what was anticipated especially for wheat. When you lay that up against increases in capacity, in the case of phosphate, we basically see a deficit in 2018 first half. We think that deficit was close to 0.5 million tonnes for the year. It could be in that 700,000 to 1 million tonne range. And what we've said in the past several earnings calls is that we're not saying the world is going to run out of phosphate. All we're saying is that prices and margins need to probably increase as they have to levels that maybe trim a little bit of demand and also stimulate a little bit more supply from various sources. And for 2019, when we look at those changes, given what we think will be a significant reduction in exports from China next year, we think that deficit situation likely will continue well into 2019 even with the continued ramp-up of the additional capacity. And the same really holds true for potash as well. There are some puts and takes obviously on the supply side, with some facilities winding down production and others ramping up. But the bottom line is we see a balanced to tight situation in the global potash market through at least the end of next year.
Mike Rahm: The only thing I would add is that June statistics came out and we have a complete picture for the 2017-2018 fertilizer year that ended on June 30. And, indeed, we did see record phosphate imports into the U.S. of about 2.5 million tonnes. The only thing I would add on North America is that there's some really interesting things, I think, going on in the market. When you look at the implied shipments in North America, they are trending upward. And I think that reflects the fact that these massive crops have taken lots of nutrients out of the soil and this is a market that has grown significantly in the past five years.
Mike Rahm: I guess the only thing I would add, Joel, is that we really haven't revised our 2018 shipment number that much. We took it up, I think, couple of hundred thousand tonnes. So, we haven't changed our view of the market maybe as much as some of the competitors have.
