James T. Prokopanko: Well, thanks Larry, and that was well done. From my vantage North America’s spring outlook is very positive and Asia and Latin America are expected to follow with similarly strong demand. As well, we are executing well strategically and operationally. I have great confidence in my team and in our future at Mosaic. Now we’d be glad, along with my colleagues, to take your questions.
James T. Prokopanko: Okay, Don, the pricing of potash for the next couple of months has largely been established. We’ve made sales into various markets, China, India, and we’re riding out those sales right now. The prices have been established and we’ve got that lag time between sale and actual shipping, so that will carry us through the better part of the spring season. In North America, we expect there to be a second round of sales to take place but that will only be after the dealers have seen potash leave their warehouses. Then they’ll make their second orders and that’s when I think we can see the next round of price pressures.
James T. Prokopanko: We’re on the cusp of it in North America, Don. Again spring planting is just getting underway, literally today, tomorrow we expect it to really get going. And dealers have been cautious in reloading and committing beyond what they already have in their warehouses. So I think once product starts flowing from the warehouses onto the farm fields we’re going to get further orders and we expect to be seeing good support in our potash pricing. And now you asked a question about the India contract. Yes, others are making some sales into India and I’m not going to say much more other than Canpotex is in active negotiations with the Indians and we expect there should be some news in the not too distant future.
James T. Prokopanko: David, you and I hypothesized at the start correctly that these are two very separate deals that happened quite independently. The exit from Brazil, so all understand this, was a minority, approximately 18, 19% investment, financial investment in the Fosfertil company. And as it was working out and given the economics it made sense for us to exit that business. I said and announced previously that it was important for us to find additional rock or we considered it as a strategic priority to find additional rock in Latin America, North America. We’ve been doing that, looking, exploring and this was the best most timely opportunity we had, and one didn’t have anything to do with the other, David.
James T. Prokopanko: Okay, I’d like to just go back to something that David asked and I was remiss in not mentioning. Although we’ve exited Fosfertil, our financial investment, we do still have a meaningful distribution network. Brazil continues to be and will remain an important destination market for our phosphates business out of Florida and potash. And we do continue to operate and stand behind our distribution business in Brazil as well as Argentina.
James T. Prokopanko: Dr. Mike Rahm our economist has a good window into the pipeline stocks around the world and I’ll have him address that and some other geographies.
James T. Prokopanko: Well, going through the spring that is definitely the case. The tone amongst distributors is certainly in North America and mostly North America is they will hope 100% of their plan but they’re planning to meet 80%. So they’re not prepared to put product into the warehouses until farmers start buying the product. We expect that there will be, with the good planting season, there’s going to be strong demand throughout the spring season followed by Latin America. So we see certainly as far as the fourth quarter we’ll be producing as much as we can and we think there’ll be a tale into the summer months as Latin America and India start ramping up.
James T. Prokopanko: We see that we’re just in a bit of a lull period here and as I said earlier dealers in the pipeline in North America, which is right ahead of us, is pretty much filled up in anticipation of the season. So we’ve gone into this quiet period until the product starts moving out, and I think at that point we’ll start seeing some demand pressure on the pricing. The factors impacting it have been the usual suspects, ammonia pricing and sulfur pricing. And those are two that, ammonia’s come off a bit and it’s provided a bit of a relief for margins going forward, and sulfur continues to be strong and we think there’s another period in the near term anyway of strengthening sulfur input costs. So I think that will be passed on through to the customer and at the end of the day it’s going to be that balance of supply and demand to the extent that they’re in balance that they are, the prices could be stable. If we see demand exceeding what the supply is, and I think there’s some potential for that flowing rate into North American spring, we’ll see some upward pressure. But spring planting season will largely drive that story.
James T. Prokopanko: This quarter we are facing a constraint in two areas. First we’re producing at about capacity, at the top end of our guidance range would be about quarterly capacity. We don’t have a large inventory to draw into going into the spring season as well as with sulfur, demand was there and if sulfur was available we could probably produce a little bit more. And I just mean, you know, marginally more. I think that was 2.8 was the top end of our guidance. That would be about production capacity for any quarter, without shutdowns and providing a normal inventory balance.
James T. Prokopanko: Yes, today prior to these expansions coming on line, both 2.5 would be the maximum quarterly production capacity.
James T. Prokopanko: In potash I think you’ll note in our 10-Q we actually attribute about a $200 million shortfall in operating profits due to lower production rates. And I think one way to look at it is if you go back in time and you look at times when we’re running at normal or high operating rates, so go back to the first half of fiscal 2009, I think the gross margins that you see in those timeframes are indicative of what you should expect as we get back to normal operating rates beginning in our fourth fiscal quarter. So that would give you some indication.
James T. Prokopanko: Well, it’s not quite the same because of the impact of raw material costs. And we’ve already talked about sulfur costs rising. Still suffice it to say that these plants are meant to be run all out and good things happen on the cost side when they do run all out. So we do expect a meaningful pickup in profitability in the fourth quarter as we get back to normal operating rates in the phosphate business as well.
James T. Prokopanko: Again it’s not as simple as in potash because of the interplay in raw materials. And so I think it might be best for you to work with Christine offline.
James T. Prokopanko: It’s the latter point. We’ll just balance it with our two elements, mining and our external purchases. We mine, capacity to mine 17 million tons of rock a year. We purchase approximately 1.5 million tons of rock a year for various of our facilities. The Bayovar deposit and this investment will give us more security around access to rock, allow us to be more internally self sufficient on all our rock needs, and any one load of rock we’ll make the economic decision where is it best to go to? Should it displace some external purchases? What are the alternatives for that rock? But it will give us largely complete self sufficiency on our rock sourcing needs.
James T. Prokopanko: Elaine, I’m going to ask Rick McLellan, leader of our Commercial Operations, to tell you what’s happening with respect to China.
James T. Prokopanko: I’m going to turn that over to Mike Rahm and Rick McLellan to comment on farmer economics in Latin America. 
James T. Prokopanko: Well, we’ll be getting our reports on what farmer intentions are and early signs are that farmers expect to fertilize their crops at what we’d call normal levels. They know that they had a big bumper crop last year, particularly with the corn crops. They know that has drawn down inventory levels so we’ll follow how farmers are applying and rate behind that we’ll listen to our phones ring for dealer calls to reload their warehouses in anticipation of the second wave. It happens all very quickly and the signals are loud.
James T. Prokopanko: You’re right, corn is the most intense and particularly in the piece of nitrogen. That impact is somewhat muted with phosphate and potash, which are corn use is a bit more than soybeans, but we’re seeing a good solid increase in the corn acres. It’s talking about close to 89 million acres I think. That’s up about 3 million acres from last year. We’re seeing bean acres to be up from the prior year and this is coming at the expense of wheat. So with those two, we expect strong crop nutrient demands, net year over year, just in terms of the crops that are being planted.
James T. Prokopanko: Jason, the subsidies, you’re right, have just changed and I’m just thinking how to simply clarify them. There’s no simple way with the Indian crop [insertion] subsidy. But what it’s done is gone from a fixed price to farmers, floating price subsidy, to a fixed subsidy, floating price to farmers. This will allow market signals to better permeate the market. We think these are just solid changes the government’s making, headed in the right direction. They’re going to allow more leeway for fertilizer prices to increase at the farmer level. I think that’s very good, because the last ten years price of fertilizer to farmers has hardly changed at all. The result is that farmers aren’t getting the right market signals as far as how to grow their crops.  In our view, nitrogen’s been unduly subsidized, farmers are putting too much nitrogen on. The crops in India ought to balance with the phosphate and potash nutrient needs the crops have. So I think allowing more freedom and farmers seeing what is happening to the real cost of fertilizer, what that impact would be on the yields they produce will result in better balance and I think more food production in India. So we’re supportive. We think these are the right moves and I think at the end of the day this will result in increased potash and phosphate usage by the farmers, which if they don’t do that, their crop yields won’t increase and India will end up importing more grain that has to be grown in other parts of the world with more crop nutrients. I hope that makes some sense, Jason. It’s not a simple subject.
James T. Prokopanko: Well, we expect to be fully integrated phosphate producer for as far as the eye can see, Martin. That’s the objective and we don’t see anything getting in the way of that.
James T. Prokopanko: With that, we’ll conclude our Q&A session. The demand for nutrients to produce more food continues to expand. The world is not getting less hungry. With our balanced portfolio and strong competitive position, Mosaic is well situated to create value for our shareholders and customers for years to come. Thanks very much and have a great day.
James C. O’Rourke: I think the question you’re asking is the third quarter we did not see the volume benefit in terms of the cost. I think what you’re looking at is two things. One is likely the slight lag that we see in the system, because you don’t catch the costs on the goods sold as quickly as they go through the plant. The other thing is that in the third quarter, which is generally our shutdown time and slower season, we naturally produce slightly less and we have our major shutdowns during that quarter. So in general our costs go up in that quarter for those reasons.
James C. O’Rourke: If we look at the first nine months of the year we spent approximately $108 million on water brine and flow management. We expect that will continue at about that same rate so $35 million a quarter, which is consistent I think with what we said last quarter. In terms of what makes up the cost there’s a number of things that make up the cost, from grouting to backfill to brine pumping to rehabilitation of old areas. There’s just a huge number of things that go into that, that make up the cost. So there’s not one specific cost that is there, you know, from pipelines, etc. So there’s a number of areas that go into the cost and that will vary from time to time, and they’ll vary as the flow varies from time to time as well. So you get both sides. Your last question was what do we expect going into the future and we expect this to stay at about the level it is. We see no reason why it’s going to go up, but it is a higher cost than it’s been in the past and we’ve said that before.
James C. O’Rourke: The rest of Southeast, Southwest Asia, it’s going well. We’re seeing some good price support. Demand is at what I’d call historic levels. Any dip that we saw last year has been recovered from and we expect decent demand to continue through the balance of the year.
James C. O’Rourke: Depending on the size of the purchase and the size of the contract. Sometimes there are smaller levels that we sell into some of those markets at higher pricing, but we see support of pricing fundamentals in those markets and we’re experiencing that.
James C. O’Rourke: The ammonia prices are largely determined by higher cost production coming on particularly in the European market. They really determine the price. At the $400 price range those producers do come into the market again, which loosens up the supply demand balance and that’s really what’s driving it. So although we’ll see some price decrease, they won’t be great price decreases. They’re just minor to meet that balance.
James C. O’Rourke: Right now or in the last couple months, because of the economic downturn, the actual refineries in the Gulf have been performing at about 80% of normal sort of rates. And that’s been structural in the U.S. refining markets for the last number of months. We do expect that as a lot of new capacity comes on, as the economy picks up, that will turn over and we’ll actually have excess supply of sulfur in a couple of years, but we’ve got to get through where we are today and then it’ll [inaudible] more to normal.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: You’re right, there are plans to expand that mine and we would be participants in that expansion and incur our pro rata share of those costs to expand the mine, and we look forward to doing that.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: The way to think about it is the all in cost of the rock that we will be utilizing will be very competitive with our existing Florida rock mines. In other words, the price will pay for the rock to the joint venture and the profits that we expect to enjoy as a joint venture partner taken together will mean that our landed cost of rock is very competitive with our Florida rock cost.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: No, because this is a joint venture with three different parties, because the joint venture will be selling rock in the merchant marketplace, we’ll be paying in effect a market price for that rock as a customer of the joint venture. That market price in effect will be subsidized by the benefits of being a joint venture owner or partner.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: It’s premature to talk specifically about the expansion, so suffice it to say there are plans to expand that rock mine significantly. Not to double the production or anything of that magnitude, but a significant expansion. And we as I said earlier would gladly participate on a pro rata basis in that expansion to further the cause that we’ve talked about of supplementing our Florida rock reserves. And this is a decision that won’t be coming down the pike for another couple of years.
Dr. Mike Rahm: Thanks Jim. Yes, we basically think that pipeline stocks remain very low. As I think someone noted earlier buyers remain cautious. We see no buildup of either phosphate or potash inventories in the global pipeline.
Dr. Mike Rahm: Well, we’ve actually seen producer inventories come down, but what’s happening is that what is being moved from the producer into the pipeline is being positioned for end use. And it’s not for any sort of inventory build. Not much different from what many other sectors are seeing. It’s simply an end to the draw down of pipeline stocks and that in itself is very positive.
Dr. Mike Rahm: Yes, we’ve just updated our assessment of farmer economics. And I think you’re right in that compared to this year, the higher real and the lower soybean price is beginning to squeeze the Brazilian farmers, but on the other hand sugar cane economics look very good and corn economics are reasonable as well. So our expectation is that we’ll continue to see further increases in fertilizer use in Brazil. This year we’re projecting that total shipments will be about 23.5 million metric tons and as we get into 2011, we think that shipments will rival the peak of probably the 24.7 million tons that we saw in 2007.
