James T. Prokopanko: Thanks Larry. This year’s global harvest is coming in much smaller than expected. You’ll recall that spring in North America started with great expectations for a record corn crop with 96 million acres planted. The rain necessary to nourish all that corn never arrived and wide swaths of the crop withered, hot and dry conditions were a norm across the globe, with crops damaged from the Black Sea nations to India and China. The harsh climates and commodity prices are a powerful rally, and ultimately these conditions will drive strong demand for crop nutrients in the coming 18 months. This summer reminds us once again that food security is very fragile. You heard me speak on the subject before, but it is worthy of repetition. The world will go to 9 million people by 2050, and human prosperity is also rising, bringing with it demand for higher quality food. Many estimate state that a billion people are now under nourished, so global agriculture challenge is great. We have to vastly increase food production with very little additional land devoted to farming, which means crop yields must increase. Farmers simply cannot meet the demand without balanced crop nutrition, and Mosaic is here to help them raise to that challenge. Mosaic has unique strengths, our global reach, our innovation, our capital and our assets not only to make an important contribution to feeding the world, but also to outperform of competitors and deliver value to our shareholders. Our story is long in the future, because the future is enormously promising for Mosaic. We continue to make important strides so that we can realize that promise. Our programs to achieve operating excellence are bearing fruit. Our phosphate mines are delivering record productivity, our safety performance continues to build on our excellent 2012 results and our sustainability work continues to deliver meaningful value for our communities and shareholders. Our innovation lead is increasing, micro essentials has gaining and ever growing share with the phosphate market and we continue to make progress in our process technologies. Our potash expansions are on time and on budget. During our planned turnaround at Esterhazy, we integrated our new K2 plant. Over the next few months, this capacity will be available to meet our customers’ needs when demand rebounds and our capital strength continues to differentiate Mosaic. We have the capital and cash flow to withstand market swings, to seize compelling growth opportunities as they arise, to fund our ongoing potash expansion projects, and to return capital to shareholders. Overall, we feel great about the foundation we’ve built in eight years as a public company and we feel even better about our ability to fulfill our mission to help the world grow the food it needs. Now, we’ll take your questions.
James T. Prokopanko: Hello, good morning, Vincent. You got it about right. There is a good inventories of potash and you are referring to potash of course…Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Yes.
James T. Prokopanko: Frankly we’ve got in our guidance, tons going to India, and India and China at the end of the quarter. And our guidance range would, if nothing happens in both markets, would move to the lower end of the guidance, closer to the mid point.
James T. Prokopanko: Yeah, good day Joel. So you have two questions, one on the input cost and brine management cost. So I am going to have Joc O'Rourke speak to that or operations related.
James T. Prokopanko: Thanks, Ben. Thanks for asking that question. MicroEssentials has been a real success – innovation success story at Mosaic. It’s a product that’s between ourselves and our legacy company. It’s been worked on for 10 years and we are really quite thrilled with the take-up that we are seeing in the market. We’ve expanded our production to now with capacity of almost 2.3 million tons of MicroEssential product production capacity, that’s nearly a quarter of our phosphate capacity and I think the numbers of phosphate tons that we are selling, 1 ton in 10 tons of phosphate sold in the U.S. is a MicroEssentials ton. So in a really short period of time, we’ve really brought a value added product to the market really benefitting the farmers. I’m going to ask Rick to give some details on what’s happening in terms of margins and cost production of that material.
James T. Prokopanko: Well good day. Good day P.J., good to hear from you. Yeah it’s a topical question getting much discussion in the industry in the farm markets. First, the question about residual P&K in the soil, P&K, I think you’re aware unlike nitrogen is residual in the soil for some period after it’s been applied. So when you apply a ton or 100 pounds of these to a field it’s going to be there for a couple of years. But at the same time, when you apply it, it is not all readily available to the plant. So if you apply 100 pounds of phosphate to a field, it’s going to take three to five years for that to be completely available to the farm field. So yes, the droughts in some badly effected drought areas, the P&K take up by the plants might not have been as much they were in a normal year. However, most soils in the U.S. don’t have the necessary levels of P&K in the soil. So farmers have been drawing down on the P&K banks in many parts of the country and they didn’t start with a healthy balance. So we believe that they’ll be in the worst effected areas, Indiana, Illinois, where we saw some pretty dramatic yield reductions. We’re seeing – we would see a bit of a tail or drop-off on the phosphate and potash application. But they didn’t have a surplus to start. So we think that this coming year in some areas we can see a reduced – reduction of P&K. However, offsetting that is we went into the summer season following this past spring with warehouse stocks very much depleted, there is nothing to pull on.  So the pipelines after we feel some farmers may use a little less P&K this year, the net result for us is that our sales that should be similar this coming fall season as they were last year. Now farmers, now do testing, they test, it’s a good agronomic practice once every three years. I think it would be good to, smart for farmers to test the soil, see with the P&K is, but with the high-high grain prices, oil seeds, corn, wheat the incentive is strong for farmers to plan to maximum yielding crops and that is going to take strong fertilizer application rates to get there. [Audio Gap] I’ll turn it over to Rick to talk about what’s happening from his perspective with dealers as a result of this drought.
James T. Prokopanko: Okay, Jeff, thank you. I’m going to have [Jeff] talk about what’s happened with the brine cost and what some of the new actions we are taking in (inaudible) and then I’ll return to your China potash performing.
James T. Prokopanko: Jeff, the potash question, which I know is a good question, yes we were down, we’re seeing China imports up 32%, 33% over the year, and that as Rick mentioned is coming from northern borders rail shipments into China. So although Canpotex has lost some tons in China, we’ve had that made up in other parts of Asia, Indonesia, Malaysia we’re seeing very strong sales into those markets. And so in the end, we’re not seeing a net-net, we’re looking at a year for Canpotex its going to be largely unchanged, products moved around a bit, little bit more into Brazil, good bit more into Southeast Asia, and the economics are working at this point in time for some of the Russian product to be a better fit into the Chinese market.
James T. Prokopanko: Good day, Don. Good to hear from you. What we’re seeing on destocking question is North America this past spring has really destocked that pipeline. Recall that going into the spring, we had a huge crop expected lot of acreage planted and people were getting ready for sub $4 corn and as a result people were careful about not being stuck with inventory going into the summer, so the inventories were low there.  We’re seeing [in India destocking] of the pipeline as a result of the government subsidy program, the farmers haven’t been changed were the subsidy payment for potash and phosphate was reduced, netting in a result of higher fertilizer prices to farmers, farmers reduced PNK use and they just put more nitrogen. And now it’s interesting you see the fertilizer industry in India starting to lobby for lower subsidy payments to farmers on nitrogen to get it back into balance. They’ve just gotten so far out of whack in balance. And those are the principle markets where we seem to destocking, North America and India. And I’m going to just ask Rick, if he’d like to add to that answer.
James T. Prokopanko: Hello David, we have Dr. Rahm answer your first question and Rick McLellan will answer the second question about Brazil pricing.
James T. Prokopanko: Good day, Kevin. Sorry, I got your first question but I didn’t quite catch the full second question, second part of your question. So we will allow you to ask that one more time, but I’ll first address the 37% to 43%, that you got the math right and that is correct assuming there will be no other member of Canpotex is undertaking approving run which we wouldn’t know about, that usually is fairly confidential and kept in-house. So we don't know if somebody else is running a mine, but we are not aware of that being the case. So with the reversion of the tons, we go from 37% to 43% and I know what we have coming is our Esterhazy expansion.  We are on the edge of doing a proving run that. We don't expect that to be completed this calendar year, so we won’t make the January date. So once we get that [done which will be] some time next year, we will have the opportunity to increase again our Canpotex share whatever we approved above our current peaking capacity in Canpotex. If other members have a proving one that they are running more accurate in the gate one of those. So, also I know is fairly confident that beginning January 1, we will have a 43% share of Canpotex. And I am going to ask you just to ask that question one more time.Kevin Mccarthy – BofA Merrill Lynch: Yeah, apologizes for my inelegantly stated second piece of it. I’m just trying to get at the compounding effect of a rising Canpotex allocation coupled with what looks to be forecast for rising demand as well in the international markets that Canpotex serves. So for example, if I look at Mike’s forecast for something [like 59 million] tons on a base of 53 million tons, that looks to be a 11% growth globally. I think there is a strong contribution within that from the international markets that Canpotex would serve as well. So, if I couple the two of the higher allocation rate and the growth overseas might that imply something on the order of 20% growth for Mosaic’s specifically in international potash nutrient.
James T. Prokopanko: Sorry, all are being equal Kevin, your math is, your math is generally correct.Kevin Mccarthy – BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you very much.
James T. Prokopanko: Good day Mark. Good question, right now we are just on the crust of the fall season for North America. So yes we’ve seen ammonia prices have strengthened, getting that pass through we have inventory of course, so we have to work that down first. But until we really see the North American market product go from dealers to the farms, dealers replenishing their inventories, and we believe that is coming, we’ll start seeing some strengthening to phosphate prices, and we’re showing increasing phosphate prices in our guidance going forward. Larry, would you do…
James T. Prokopanko: Good morning Bill, good question. With these ammonia prices you can well see in the cost of gas, you can see the attraction that ammonia has had to investors and despite some resistance by current producers saying it was not going to happen when you’re making $400 to $500 ton gross margin on ammonia production, you’re going to track new facilities. And so there is been of a bit of gold rush to building nitrogen plants, everybody has to have won and no wonder when you have 350 gas and $700, $800 ammonia that’s which you’re going to get.  So we expect that with the rash of announcements that we’ve seen. We will see more ammonia plants being built. We believe the further step ahead in our deliberations and analysis of this were best equipped I think to make use that ammonia being our self short about million tons of ammonia. So it looks like a very good project to us, lot of lot of attention and it looks like the very attractive kind of investment. So I’m going to ask Joc, our work operations leader who’s reviewing this project to tell you what is learned in last year of assessment.
James T. Prokopanko: Good morning Mike, we are raid on with the – concerning the question about Brazil logistics Rick McLellan, will give you some color on that.
James T. Prokopanko: With that I’m going to wrap up our call with these comments. Our first quarter results were impacted by very wide range of factors. Hurricane, drought, skittish markets, weak demand in India and China, low water in the Mississippi and I can go on from there. But I’d like to leave you with this thought. Well we can precisely predict the timing, global demand for potash and phosphates is going to increase and Mosaic is in an excellent position to meet the demand. Thank you all for joining us and have a safe morning. Good day. 
Richard N. McLellan: The market situation right now would tell us that prices we look forward will be difficult at this time. I won’t make the comment about what we expect to close it at, we just know that they will have to clean those inventory.Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, and just as lastly, as a follow-up, and your guidance for the first quarter when you talk about the high end being a function of when you settle India and China, we’re obviously already a month into the quarter and you’re talking about weeks or maybe months before you settle India, so can you just give us a sense of what that volume guidance range would be ex India and China.
Richard N. McLellan: Yeah. Good morning, Ben. As Jim said, we are seeing very good market penetration in North America, but we’re also focusing on South America as well. We’ve seen a consistent increase in Brazil of the amount of product being used and I think the most important piece to take away is farmers are using these products and dealers are selling them because they are increasing yield, and this is about creating more value for the dealer as well as ourselves and the farmer, and that’s where our focus is on. Our pricing, we’re generating more margins on a per ton basis as well as we’re growing our business with those customers that we do MicroEssentials with. So it’s been a significant component of our phosphate go to market strategy and we continue to see that increasing and we’ll be looking for other opportunities to expand production.
Richard N. McLellan: Yeah, good morning. I think one of the things I just add on to Jim’s comment on soil testing. It happened to be at a lunch and sat with a guy that operates a major Midwestern soil testing lab and he has never been busy. So farmers are going to test to see what’s in the soil, but I think we are getting feedback from the dealers now as harvesters getting to the midway point that because of strong commodity prices improved in some areas rains after Hurricane Isaac as well as demand for winter wheat planting. We are seeing growers, our dealers move from what had been planned to be a very conservative fall application season moving back to one that at least at average if not slightly above.
Richard N. McLellan: Good morning, Don. I can’t add much more Jim other than we see the market in Brazil pretty brisk demand. They started with inventory to begin the year and they’re on a record phase for shipments to continue from the first half and we expect their inventories to be drawn down as well. And then if you look in the phase of strong agricultural fundamentals for 2013 that will in turn dry up the demand side. So we’re going to see supply clean out and we’re going to see demand increase.
Richard N. McLellan: Yeah, I think David, if you want to think about where you need to see convergence, we need to see convergence of import blend grade in the Brazil market. And as we came into this quarter, they were fairly close to be in even and so looking at prices because standard product goes into different markets, it can show this international price to be larger than what it really is. So we’ve seen pressure in Brazil. Mike did a good job of describing just what’s happening there, it’s a time period. We’ve seen prices slide there about $30 a ton. We had planned a price increase in North America of about $25 a ton and that is not going to take place. So we are going to continue to see the Brazil market and the North America market find a price where it’s going to operate at and they are relatively close as they are today.
Richard N. McLellan: Hey good morning Matthew. What we’re seeing on the frankly barge movements up the river, is their move being slower, their toes are smaller, and barges are getting field later, so all that makes the trip up the river fairly lengthy trip. We are seeing is that product is getting, we’re moving product in by rail into our warehouse system. And that’s catching up, but the rail cost is probably $10 slightly higher a ton on a delivered basis, if you wanted to take look at to most markets. But the offset is that is a product in warehouses isn’t unsold then it will see stronger pricing on a warehouse is up country then may be as reflect it at the Gulf or in Central Florida. 
Richard N. McLellan: Yeah, good morning Michael, it’s a timely question, I just came back a week from visiting our port facility at Paranagua, Brazil, the public ports there had above 45 days of weight for product coming in our own port was more or like 15. So couple of questions; the first one will this impact deliveries into Brazilian country for planting. Right now it’s – it’s close to just in time as I’ve ever seen it, and planting would have started at the first of September, I think you could have honestly said, we are going to experience some delayed deliveries. As it is, we’ve got to the 1 of October until we’ve seen significant kind of moves on bean planting. Everything is going to have to work right into Brazil to get the product into place, a lot of it is bought and paid for and farmers are going to be waiting for it to arrive.  :
