James T. Prokopanko: We continue to believe strongly in the near- and long-term opportunities in crop nutrients. Over the past 40 years, global demand for grains and oilseeds has declined twice; in both cases, as a result of lack of supply issues and prices, rationing demand. Economic uncertainty has historically, not impacted demand and we've yet to see any impact on our customer sentiments. At Mosaic, we intend to continue to take advantage of these opportunities; our best-in-class assets, effective execution and a rock-solid balance sheet gives us the flexibility to invest, grow and unlock value for our shareholders. Back to you, Laura.
James T. Prokopanko: Sure, Elaine. Both potash and phosphate have some variance from the norm year-to-year, depending on seasonal swings and timing that revenue recognition matters that come over not just the current but maybe the last 2 quarters. I'm going to ask Rick McCullen, leader of our commercial operations to give you some specifics and color around what's happened over the past 2 quarters.
James T. Prokopanko: Mark, I'll talk about the margins, and I'm going to let Rick talk about the blend and the mix of our blend fertilizers. Margins on the Phosphates have been strong, and with we believe to be some further upside potential. And the reason we see the upside potential is a strong rock-solid grain fundamentals currently and into the foreseeable future at least the next crop, as well as a tight fertilizer S&D particularly among the phosphates side of the business. So if it weren't for some macroeconomic uncertainties that's going around the world and that includes dealers and farmers who are just moderately more cautionary about what they do with inventories, we would see, I think, some potential for some greater upside on the margins. But when I do say there's -- the macroeconomics are affecting the psychology, it's just more care in consideration of the risk that's going forward. Nobody in the ag marketplace is seeing weakening grain prices, materially weakening below the kind of levels we have now and we see it's necessary to keep these prices going forward, and farmers want to grow the volumes necessary to restore the S&D to a safer level. So we're seeing some upside potential on the phosphate margins and we just need to work through and resolve some of these macroeconomic concerns. Rick, I'll turn it over to you to talk about the blend of our phosphate mix.
James T. Prokopanko: Yes, Jeff. The margin is expected to stay flat, perhaps up slightly in the second quarter versus the first quarter, and it has to do with the lag effect of raw material costs. We've gone through a period where we've seen significant increases in phosphate pricing, they've flattened out somewhat in the most recent couple of months. In the meantime, raw material costs have continued to increase, and we have yet to see the full impact of those increases in cost of goods sold. We will see that as we saw it in the first quarter, we'll see more of that in the second quarter. Hence, our guidance to expect roughly flat margins first quarter to second quarter.
James T. Prokopanko: Say, Jeff, I'd just like to add a couple of points to that. First is our Faustina ammonia plant will be coming on stream in the next 4 to 6 weeks. As well, we've all seen the reports that there's another producer in North America that's going to be bringing up one of its ammonia plants over the next, probably that's maybe more like 6 months, I believe. And I think this is a good point why we -- it just highlights our interest and continued interest in expanding our ammonia production. We presently produce -- consume, we presently consume 1.5 million tonnes of ammonia a year in the production of phosphates. We are self-sufficient with Faustina to the extent of 1/3 or 500,000 tonnes, and we're left with about 1 million tonne hole to fill with -- on the open market. And this is an area that we're looking as an investment is for Mosaic to become fully self-sufficient in its -- at least fully self-sufficient in its ammonia production.
James T. Prokopanko: P.J., I'm going to ask Joc O'Rourke, leader of our operations group to address our potash operation rates.
James T. Prokopanko: Yes, Miski Mayo has turned out to be a good investment. We're very pleased with how it's working and how the partners are getting along. We're not getting it up to full production as quickly as we'd like, but we're making good steady progress and we’re -- we see more of that to come. That's a facility that we would like to see expand, and we have aspirations to see it double in size. We're prepared to be a match to the expansion every step of the way. We see demand for that product continuing to grow, and we would like to be -- continue with offtakes at least proportionally with what we are now and like to continue our investment at current levels or we'd even be prepared to take a higher stake in that operation. It's been a good investment.
James T. Prokopanko: Your question was really breaking up. I'll address what I think you asked, which is about the mechanics of the remaining shares to be sold. As I think you know, after the original 115 million share deal, we had another 42 million shares to be sold into the market between the original close at late May and 15 months. We thought all along and we had signaled that if and when we became a member of the S&P 500, if we could move quickly enough, we could facilitate an S&P 500 inclusion trade, allowing the trust to sell a portion of those 42 million shares and we were able to accomplish that last week, a very successful deal that cleaned up another 20.7 million shares. That leaves the trust with 21.3 million shares that are still subject to a lock-up agreement that will expire in mid-November. At that time, if those shares have not been disposed of otherwise, we are obligated to facilitate a secondary offering of those shares within the next 3 months following the expiration of that lock up. As we indicated in our prepared comments, we are prepared to, we're willing to, we're eager to, we've offered to repurchase those shares from the trust to just get them off the market. We thought that would be of interest to the trust, the deal was designed with the expectation that they would be looking for liquidity and diversification as quickly as possible. As we said though at this current time with these prices, they are not a willing seller. So we'll maintain a dialogue. We think this overhang issue has been greatly reduced by the success of the initial offering and now this S&P inclusion trade that we've accomplished, and we'll do our best to make sure that the remaining 21.3 million shares doesn't present a significant overhang as well. I hope that addresses the question, Vincent. If not obviously, follow up after the call.
James T. Prokopanko: Michael, I’ll have Larry Stranghoener just add some background to the costs incurred with Faustina being down.
James T. Prokopanko: James, I'm going to ask Joc O'Rourke, who's been leading this effort to fill the gap in our production.
James T. Prokopanko: Don, understandably, you might see that there's been some more challenges than perhaps in the past. But phosphate mine permits have typically been challenged, and there's been a long history of that. And every phosphate mine permit that Mosaic has applied for and our predecessor companies, we've eventually gotten that permit. So we don't have any concern about getting further permits. We think they're going to be challenged. We expect to have some conflicts along the way. But we have also stepped up our practice for applying for permits. We're much further ahead in our application efforts. We've resourced, better resourced, our permitting crew and permitting team and mine planning team to be more effective in that process going forward. This last permit, the South Fort Meade permit, has been the single most studied phosphate mining permit in all of Florida, and we got that permit as we expected to. Going forward, we have a couple, the DeSoto and Pine and Ona permits -- mines that are now well underway. We've submitted some preliminary permit work that will be included in an area-wide environmental impact survey. That's been done and completed and submitted. We expect that we’ll be something in the range of 5 years, I think, to 7 years out before we -- until we have new mines in operation. The DeSoto and Ona mines that we have on the books, they will be built in Florida and as I said, within 5 to 7 years. We'll get there.
James T. Prokopanko: Well, one on top of the mind is the nitrogen or ammonia complex would be roughly 1 million tonnes of ammonia production would cost approximately $1 billion, maybe $1.1 billion. It's pretty much off-the-shelf construction. Plants like this have been built many, many times. So it's $1 billion a plant site and access to gas, and you're in business probably 24 months later, 30 months later. For the Miski Mayo, Joc, do you want to -- can you elaborate on what the range of costs are -- were? It's not quite as off the shelf as a nitrogen plant, but we've got some sense of what we could see going forward.
James T. Prokopanko: Jeff, if we have an hour, we'd fully debrief you on that, but we'll give the Reader's digest version here. We presently, and I'm going to ask Rich Mack to add some details. We presently have a -- waiting to hear a ruling about our appeal of a preliminary injunction that was put on this. So the very soonest would be, possibly Friday that we hear from the Saskatchewan Court that the preliminary injunction to our not shipping is upheld or is overturned. So we could -- we thought 2 weeks ago we concluded the hearing. We thought 2 to 4 weeks we'd hear from the judge, so as of Friday would be 2 weeks. And 2 weeks from now might be this very soonest. Then we have the hearing in January, and Rich, I'm going to just ask you to talk about what that process is for once we're into the formal hearing.
James T. Prokopanko: With that, we'll conclude our Q&A session. The outlook for Mosaic is remarkable and we're excited about the future of our business. We think Mosaic provides a remarkably attractive opportunity to participate in the positive fundamentals of crop nutrient markets and agriculture more broadly. As I said earlier, we see no better investment in our industry than in Mosaic. It's a great time to be the world's leading producer of phosphate and potash. Have a great day.
Michael Rahm: Yes, USDA has cut huge amounts of use out of their recent estimates. And you're right, many people question if those are legitimate. And certainly, when you look at everything from some of the processing margins, then ethanol and so forth, you wonder whether or not prices are high enough to eliminate that much demand. The other interesting point that I know you're aware of is the fact that expectations in the October 12 report are that USDA is probably going to cut 400,000 to 500,000 acres out of their harvested area estimate based on FSA estimates. So the corn market is extremely tight. There's no question about that, and I think there's some positive fundamental news still to come in the corn market. And that said, there are good reports coming from, I guess, better reports coming out of fields in terms of the current crop. So that may offset some of that, but you're right in that. The corn market remains extremely tight in the U.S.
Michael Rahm: Yes, the combination of factors have tightened the ammonia market as reflected in recent price changes. I'm sure you're aware of some of the gas delivery problems in Trinidad. There are a couple of plants that have been delayed a bit in Algeria as well as Qatar. We've had our plant outage at Faustina. So on the supply side, there have been a few hiccups. And on the demand side, obviously, with the prospect of 93 million or 95 million acres of corn, certainly in the U.S., there is the expectation of a very strong fall application needs. And in the case of phosphate, phosphate markets have rebounded and the demand to produce ammonium phosphate continues to climb as well. So it boils down to, I guess, the simple supply and demand fundamentals and the market has tightened. We expect that eventually there will be some relief in this market. But in the near term, fundamentals are tight.
Michael Rahm: The latest, I think, numbers that have been out in public sources is that they produced about 110,000 tonnes in the third calendar quarter. We don't have any particular great insights but in our S&D, I can tell you, we're assuming that they will produce and export about 400,000 tonnes in calendar year 2011. And in our S&D, we have them in for 2.3 million tonnes in 2012. And with those numbers, our S&Ds continue to look snug. And I think the risk is from an operational point of view that if they don't hit those numbers, it's just another bullish factor in the phosphate market.
Michael Rahm: P.J., I would just emphasize what Rick said before. It's seasonal. We can't predict just when the fall application season and shipments related to restocking will hit. We had an exceptional second quarter last year and then volumes fell off quite significantly in the third fiscal quarter last year. And then we see a more level pattern in this year's fiscal year. And so for the full year, you're unlikely to see a significant difference than last year. We're essentially producing as much phosphate as we can, and how those volumes fall from quarter-to-quarter is simply a function of timing and not a function of fundamentals.
Richard N. McLellan: I'll start with phosphates. The issue with phosphates is frankly, all round timing and I'd preface my remarks with the fact that on our phosphate volumes, last year's Q2 was the biggest Phosphates segment volume that we've had since the start of Mosaic. So it's a bit -- it's not representative of the norm. The second piece is that where we're expecting lower volumes is in our international distribution segment, where we have consciously a lower program going on in India. And in Brazil, we had anticipations of volumes that some of them will move into our Q4. So frankly, we expect a strong Phosphates segment move and are looking forward to that. On potash, we're shipping out the door everything that we can produce.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes, and Mark, I think I'll focus -- I think your question really focused on the growth of our blend segment, and we've seen very nice growth in that segment in the key geographies where we want to focus on: Brazil, Argentina, Chile, China and India, and we've seen some very strong growth and we think it'll be more measured growth over the next few quarters. But still be a strong addition to our Phosphates segment.
Richard N. McLellan: The guidance is being impacted by our international segment and international shipments. If you think about it in first quarter, we had very little contract shipments. So you think about China and India as contract shipments. We had more granular shipments that sell at a much -- at a stronger prices. So when we go into Q2, we're going to see stronger shipments to China, stronger shipments to India, offsetting the market increases we've seen in Brazil. And those contract markets they're published, so they are at a discount to spot granular markets.
James C. O'Rourke: P.J., I think if I understand your question, you're asking how has the accelerated shutdowns or turnarounds helped our Potash rates. We had our shutdowns at our Esterhazy operations K1 and K2 over this quarter, and we've done a lot of additional planning and streamlining of those shutdowns, which allowed us to bring them up early compared to previous shutdowns. So that has really helped our ability to get running faster and we're doing the same thing at our Colonsay operation through the next quarter. But Colonsay will have a lower impact than Esterhazy has had, so we'll have a better quarter from an operating rate in quarter 2.
James C. O'Rourke: Yes, we have done a lot to mitigate the South Fort Meade. We've mined as much as 470,000, 450,000 to 470,000 tonnes of extra from our existing operations. We've just talked about Miski Mayo, that's made a huge impact on the mitigation. Between those 2 and we're now moving into some new areas in South Fort Meade to actually mine some old remnant areas that are available to us in Polk County. Between those 3 actions, we believe we can continue to mitigate for the rest of the fiscal year.
James C. O'Rourke: Joc O'Rourke here. We're operating at pretty high rates. In the first quarter, probably the biggest impact on production of finished phosphates was actually the flooding of the Mississippi River and the shutdown of Faustina -- or sorry, Uncle Sam for a period of time during that first quarter, which lowered our production slightly or kept it flat, if you will.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: Given the very low cost relatively speaking of U.S. natural gas, producing our own ammonia provides a decided economic advantage right now probably to the tune of about $300 a tonne. And so having Faustina out is certainly a factor in our gross margin performance. And getting back to Jeff's question earlier, it will be a bigger factor in the second quarter. One of the reasons why the gross margin may not make much progress from first quarter levels in the second quarter. We do expect to get the plant up and operating, as Jim said earlier, in the next 4 to 5 weeks, and we'll start to get the full benefit of that significant economic differential beginning in our fourth fiscal quarter.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: It's Larry. I'll ask you to follow-up later with Laura and James for more specifics. But our guidance on capital expenditures has not changed, and therefore, I assume that your estimate for depreciation for DD&A is appropriate. But again, I'll ask you to follow-up with Laura on details later.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: Yes, I think the range of costs would be probably in the, let's say, $500 million range plus or minus $100 million or something like that. But our share would only be 35% of that, so somewhere in the $200 million range at the most. So it won't have a big impact on cash.
