Joc O’Rourke: Mark, if I understand your question – sorry. Good morning. If I understand your question correctly, the suggestion is that even with the $70 transport costs, we are in the middle of the cost curve. I believe that's kind of what you're asking. And what I would say to that is two things, clearly because we are in the market, we do get the market premiums because of the time and place utility. And our synergies are absolutely moving us down the cost curve and making us much more competitive in that Mato Grosso market. So the $70 definitely is an advantage to us and one that we're I think capturing quite effectively in that business.
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Thank you, Andrew. Let me hand this to Karen to give you a little bit of detail on it. But I think as I mentioned in my opening remarks, the downwards pressure on our guidance, if you will, was based on, first of all, our understanding – a better understanding of the costs to remediate in Brazil. And second piece though to that was obviously the Canadian taxes and then finally, the price recovery in phosphates being slower than what was originally expected because of the late spring. But somewhat offset by higher expected performance from our potash business than might have been in the original guidance. Karen, can I – you talk…
Joc O’Rourke: Sure. Thanks Jeff. Okay. Well, let me reiterate that. Yes, and indeed the future of Plant City will have to be decided by July. We have to do that this quarter. And I'm going to let Clint talk a little bit about both how the cash flows this year and how they flow through. Although I will say, I believe there is a table somewhere in the deck that does go through the overall changes to cash flow but Plant City, I think, Clint, you can give some color on that.
Joc O’Rourke: Andy, can I hand that straight to you? Thanks Ben. I'm going to hand that straight to Andy to talk about.
Joc O’Rourke: Okay, thanks. Thanks Vincent. Yes, again, Andy has been tracking this and so the African swine fever, I mean we're looking at a big, big call of the Chinese hog fleet or whatever you want to call it. So, I'm going to let Andy talk a little bit about what that might mean and it's a longer term issue rather than necessarily a short term.
Joc O’Rourke: But Andy, would you also say though, once the pork starts it being regrown then the demand will increase back to what it was and beyond.
Joc O’Rourke: Okay, PJ, let me just give you a little bit of an understanding if you will, on the Brazilian rock and bringing in Brazilian rock from Miski Mayo. The Brazilian market is made up of a number of products including SSP, animal feed. TSP, MAP only the MAP really can be imported from Florida. We don't have rock to export to that location from Florida. So we are stuck or not stuck, but we are required to export Miski Mayo rock to Brazil to make-up the SSP and the feed that we wouldn't be making. So that's the first piece. The Florida, we will export as much from Florida as we believe the market will take. And you're right, that is the best economic way to do that. In terms of price over volumes strategy, I think we have previously said the conditions on which we would start-up Plant City again, and I think we can consistently say those haven't changed from a year ago. So, I think I can, at least say that about where that might be going.
Joc O’Rourke: Okay. Thanks Michael. Yes, I can answer the margin compression. It's virtually exactly what you said. The idea of running the plants at a slower rate in the first quarter will impact the cost profile in the second quarter. The second thing that happens is recognition of revenues in the second quarter will change the product mix slightly, which also impacts those margins. But most of that is flow on of the pricing from the first quarter. Now your question on brine inflow costs, I would say they are managing that quite effectively now and that's the reason we've seen I think up to $100 million lower costs per annum than we had maybe four or five years ago, which is really great to see.
Joc O’Rourke: Okay, great. Well, let's talk, start with Vale. There is no question that time will settle a lot of the churn in Brazil. And I think, yes, Vale restarting in a couple of weeks is probably a good sign. It means that they're starting to be some level of discussion between regulators and Vale and that may be returning to a level of normalcy. In terms of our expectations, our plans are relatively set now so I don't see it affecting us per se in terms of coming in back earlier. In terms of Canpotex freight and the overall freight from – I mean I’ll hand that to Karen.
Joc O’Rourke: There's no more questions, let me conclude. To conclude our call today, I would like to reiterate our key points. First. We have a well-defined path forward to manage through the dam situation in Brazil and we are confident that we will be able to continue to meet our Brazilian customer needs. Second, despite regulatory and weather related challenges, Mosaic continues to deliver very strong results for this quarter, and our outlook for the year continues to be strong. And third, Mosaic is executing very well and we've made tremendous progress on our business transformations. Today Mosaic is a stronger and more resilient company than ever, and we're in an excellent position to deliver strong returns across the cycle. So thank you for all you for joining our call and have a great day.
Clint Freeland: Yes, that is correct. The way we expect to see this flow through is, again, most of it is the transport of Miski Mayo rock into Brazil and the extra transport costs of that offset by Miski Mayo costs maybe being a little better. The second piece is the – some transport costs, most of which is offset by lower cost from Florida for the MAP. And then the third piece is the under utilization of the assets because of the idling. So the first quarter or second quarter here, yes, $50 million. I think we're fairly solid on that. And then third quarter could be up to $50 million depending on execution.
Clint Freeland: Sure. Good morning, Jeff. Excuse me. So we've looked at the scenario of what happens if we make the decision to finally close Plant City. And I think there are a couple of things to keep in mind. First of all, you would have a noncash asset write-down, currently the book value of that asset is about $230 million. So you would have a noncash write-off of that to the extent that you permanently closed the facility. And then the other thing that you would have would be an increase in the ARO, the asset retirement obligation related to that facility. And really that change would be an increase of about $100 million, that change is primarily the effect of the present value calculation associated with it. And obviously that work would be pulled forward. So about a $230 million book value of noncash charge associated with that and then an ARO increase of about $100 million. Now when you look at the actual cash that we would spin and say over the next five years, I think our preliminary estimate would be in total over that five year period, roughly a $100 million. There are a couple of different lines of work that need to happen, you have the gypstack closures that would need to happen, but you also have some water treatment that would need to happen. We're looking at a number of different options, particularly for water treatment, different technologies that could meaningfully impact the amount that we would need to spend on that. So that could be variable, but I would say, if you think about cash over the five year period, post-closure, probably in aggregate about $100 million.
Clint Freeland: Sure. Hi Adam. The cash related to the ARO that I just mentioned around Plant City would come out of corporate cash. We do have a trust that's set up. It has about $625 million in assets in it today. But there are some limitations and some rules around when we can begin to take cash out of that to help offset the cost of some of the remediation expenses and we're not there yet. A matter of fact, I don't think we'll be there for quite some time. So, for Plant City, I would expect to have to use corporate cash to satisfy that.
Clint Freeland: One thing, excuse me, Michael, the one thing that I would also add to that around the margin impact and now the second quarters recall that the increase in CRT, the taxes are going to start flowing through in the second quarter. So that'll need to be factored in as well.
Andy Jung: All right. Thanks Joc. And thanks Chris for the question. So I think we're all aware of that Q1 exports were up year-over-year, a little over 500,000 tonnes. But bear in mind that Q1 is a relatively low volume quarter for exports. It makes up usually 10% to 15% of annual exports. What we've seen from a rock costs standpoint is that rock production was down in 2018 via the official statistics 22% year-over-year. We understand that they had depleted domestic inventories to maintain their downstream production relatively flat. But that will be putting upward pressure on costs as we move through 2019, we'd also expect to see sulfur prices on the rise. We've seen continued relatively high ammonia costs. So there won't be this upward pressure supporting the price floor in China. And because of that we would expect to see volumes as we move throughout the course of 2019 begin to taper off. And also supporting that is just the emptiness of their domestic channel. So they robbed their domestic channel of tonnes in order to export in Q4 as well as in Q1. And we would expect that in order to replenish that domestic pipeline, they'll have to keep tonnes at home rather than in the export market.
Andy Jung: Yes. In the – I guess into the minutiae a bit more, production is round about that 25 million tonne mark. Consumption is perhaps a bit over 15 million tonnes, maybe towards 16 million tonnes. And that's left them with the ability last year to export in excess of 11 million tonnes by taking down some pipeline inventories in the country. As we move into 2019, we think production year-to-date is roughly flat, at least so far through the first quarter. We think that consumption is probably down slightly, maybe in the 0.5 million tonne ZIP Code. And as we move through the rest of the year, we would think that production likely slips a bit lower as some of the environmental compliance issues come to bear or bear further. And also some of the cost pressures that I talked about earlier and domestic consumption as they replenish the pipeline and look to a fall season, we would expect to see domestic consumption level out. As Joc mentioned, the yields, grain and oilseed yields in China have plateaued and we don't think that that's a sustainable situation for the government there. And then what brings us back to the export volume, we do think year-over-year we'll see a slowdown in the final three quarters of the year. And for the full year beat down marginally versus where we were last year.
Andy Jung: All right Ben. You're correct that, we've downgraded some of our demand expectations for 2019. The biggest drop in demand is China and we've already talked about that, but we see some small, 100, 200,000 tonne a year slower demand in a number of other geographies. There are some offsets on the supply side that I don't think get probably enough attention and they haven't in the first half of the year simply because they haven't transpired. So you've got the Nutrien Redwater closure, which is basically upon us today. Mosaic’s Brazil curtailments really don't impact the market until the second half of the year. And then swinging back to China once again, it's really a second half of the year story where we expect to see production and exports decline. And we've seen a few, curtailments Australia, Tunisia, South Africa, Mexico, which will probably continue to bounce around and have some difficulties in the second half of the year as well. And we think that that leaves the market relatively balanced, and then in the second half of the year, frankly tightening back-up relative to the looseness that we've seen here in the first half.
Andy Jung: All right, well thanks Vincent. I guess we'd start out to say that there are a lot of unknowns still, and we're watching and monitoring, but we don't have all the answers quite yet. What we do know is that Chinese pork production will certainly be down significantly both this year and probably into next year as well. Following that feed demand will obviously decline as well. And it could be significant enough that it would erase typical annual global growth in grain and oilseed demand. So, if you look at corn being about 1.1 billion tonnes, soybeans about a third of that 350 million tonnes. So taken together at 2% typical annual growth rate, you're talking a little over 30 million tonnes of grain and oilseed demand that could be lost. There will be offsets. So the U.S. industry, the Brazilian industry, the European pork industry, they're all setting up to produce more pork and export to China. So, there will be increased feed consumption in those geographies. And then just to put it into some context, if you look at the E10 program that China is set to roll out, the incremental demand from Corn for an E10 program in China would be in excess of that 30 million to 32 million tonnes of feed demand that would be lost. So, there are a lot of potential offsets out there that we continue to monitor as well.
Andy Jung: Yes. So that will probably take a couple years, maybe up to five years depending on the longevity of this outbreak and the severity of the outbreak. And what you likely will see you is bit of a whiplash event where feed demand ramps up very quickly as higher pork prices incentivize, bigger rations and faster growth plans for the hog barns.
Andy Jung: Well I’ll just add little bit of color in that, we've seen seasons like this before and the historical data shows us that by and large you really don't miss on farm demand. Whatever problems exist the industry and whether it's producers, distributors, retailers, farmers themselves, we'll find a way to get the product to ground because you don't want to spend hundreds of dollars on a bag of seed and then not feed that plant.
