James Prokopanko: Good morning. Welcome to our first quarter earnings discussion. Our results this quarter clearly demonstrate progress on our strategic priorities. Compared to last year, the timely acquisition of CF Industries’ phosphates business added $0.06 to our quarterly earnings per share. Expense initiatives and asset optimization drove lower potash cost per tonne, adding $0.07 per share in the quarter, despite a negative $0.15 per share impact of the change in Canadian resource taxes and royalties. Finally, repurchases of 62 million shares added another $0.07 in EPS this quarter. And this is just the beginning of the benefit we will generate from those moves. Nothing about our bullish long-term outlook for Mosaic’s future has changed since our Analyst Day, so we won’t repeat the full story on today’s call. Instead our prepared comments will be brief, with a focus on the market conditions we expect for the second quarter and second-half of 2015. I’ll begin with a review of our solid first-quarter results which were well ahead of last year. Then Rich Mack will discuss segment results, our capital position, and our guidance. And finally, I’ll conclude with a view of the evolving global phosphate and potash market dynamics. Our message to you today is simple, Mosaic is delivering solid performance and we expect 2015 to be a good year. For the quarter, Mosaic generated $295 million in net earnings or $0.80 per share, almost a 50% increase over the weaker first quarter of 2014. Our adjusted earnings were $0.70 per share, with foreign currency transaction gains accounting for most of the difference. I want to emphasize that we continue to generate significant cash with $656 million in cash flow from operations during the first quarter. Our results were within our guidance ranges, say for the phosphate operating rate, which missed the low end of the range by 1 percentage point as a result of an accelerated plant turnaround. In potash, volumes came in at low-end of our expectations primarily due to lower North American shipments. The late arriving spring compounded by increased imports sitting in the Gulf of Mexico has impacted demand and pricing in much of North America. The new potash contract with China not only provided price transparency for customers elsewhere in the world. The volumes also demonstrated the pent-up demand, we’ve been anticipating. If our expectations for the second-half of 2015 hold, our challenge will be to produce enough tonnes to deliver contracted volumes. Historically, timing of North America demand and shipments during this time of year is uncertain. This year delayed North American crop progress and changes in dealer inventories make it even harder to predict, but the uncertainty is around shipments, not necessarily actual application rates. Spring arrives and farmers plant their crop, this year is no different. In fact, we’ve increased our estimates for global potash shipments to the high-end of our previous range. We now estimate 2015 global potash shipments to be in the 59 million tonne to 60 million tonne range. Potash elasticity of demand appears higher than we previously believed, and we may continue to see strong demand growth if prices of our products remain as affordable as they are now. We continue to expect a good second-half of 2015, though our medium-term outlooks still needs to the informed by U.S. crop developments, grain and oilseed prices. With that, I will turn the call over to Rich. And then, I’ll conclude with our views of the diverging markets around the world.
James Prokopanko: And, Ben, just on the matter of the permissibility or what your legality of Belarusian imports. That matter isn’t entirely clear. We’ve largely stayed out of it. They were prohibited from - Belarusian product was prohibited from coming into the U.S. And until recently - and there is the belief that it is now permitted, but we’ve not - we’ve not wait into that and we just are standing back from an opinion on that. It’s a hard one to really to give a firm or get a firm answer from authorities about the permissibility of it.
James Prokopanko: Yes, good day, Andrew. It’s a good question. I’m glad you made that observation. We have along with expense reduction initiatives in both SG&A and our phosphate business which are showing results. We’re seeing very good and probably ahead of planned results on our potash. I’m going to turn it over to Joc O’Rourke, our operations leader to speak to that. But this has been something we’ve applied our efforts to over the last 12 months, seeing good results. What we’re doing simply is stabilizing our production levels. We’ve always maintained a capacity to produce at higher rates than what experience has for demand - has been for the demand. And now we’ve said, look, we’re not going to build a church for Easter Sunday; we’re going to have a preset production level. We may have more capacity but we’re going to staff and man to a level that is going to be more predictable and that is going to result in lower costs. And so the result is we might not be there to take advantage of a sudden fly up but we are going to be running our facilities at lower predictable rates. Now, I’m going to have Joc just speak to some of the specific things we’ve done to reduce potash production costs.
James Prokopanko: Hey, Joel, you’re good at getting a couple of questions in and welcome to the call. The first question about the demand, I and Joc commented we are running our facility - our potash operations at ratable capacity and we took couple of our high-cost facilities out. We are running the Canadian facilities at optimal rates in terms of expenses and we continue and plan to continue to do so. In this first-half, we’ve seen following 2014, where the pipeline was fairly well filled with potash. We are now drawing that potash down. And I think I made it clear in my comments, with a strong second-half to refill and to meet the growing demand we’re seeing in India and China, we think we’re going to go into a tight potash market in the second-half. And there could be some constraints in terms of supply relative to what we anticipate to be higher demand. So absolutely, the market is going to tighten up and with that we are - with a tighter market you could potentially see a higher - and we expect to see higher potash prices. On the second question about Belarusian, yes, we’re absolutely a believer in free trade. We don’t begrudge anyone that. We believe for the ag markets to work, we have to have free and open trade. So getting into the nuances that go with geopolitics on who’s allowed to come into what countries, we’re standing aside on that for this matter in belief of free trade. And as I said earlier, if Belarusian or Russian products, additional product comes into North America, that is product that is not going into India, China or Brazil, and we’ll see the market. The balance won’t change and there will be some tightening of supply going into some of these other markets. So we’re - push here, it pops out there, so were not too exercised about the Belarusian product, not at all. And our estimate is, there are only about three vessels of Belarusian product who came here. And if we have a customer in North America that wants to buy a Eastern European potash, Chinese phosphate, there’s Iranian nitrogen, well that’s trifector [ph] of unsecured supplier. So let them buy it. You’ve got Canadian secure producers of potash. I think that’s the right choice for any producers anywhere in the world to buy from.
James Prokopanko: Hi, good day, Sandy, welcome to the call. Rick, I’m going to just have you comment on what you’re seeing in terms of our farmer demand of the phosphates.
James Prokopanko: I’m going to add onto that, Sandy. There has been a lot of talk about and noise about all farmers are going to cutback, they have to after economize. Let’s just put this into some perspective. If we see a 10% cut, a farmer - typical farmer reduces P&K by 10%, that’s going to save the farmer about $5 an acre. Now, just to extend that, just take a average yield of sort of mid-average yield of 160 bushels per acre, net price to a farmer for corn is 350 a bushel, that’s $560 an acre revenue a farmer is going to see. Now, do you think the farmers got risk cutting P&K applications by 10% to save $5 or 1.5 bushels of corn, I really think that would be a poor economic in business choice by any farmer to do that. So we are not too exercised by this, and we think farmers are going to make smart economic informed choices, and we just do not see this big cutback in - or much of a cutback if any at all.
James Prokopanko: Hello, Neel. So your question is with the USDA’s or U.S. dollar change, are we seeing changes to demand? Well, yes, on phosphate, it’s having an impact, but as the U.S. dollar gets stronger, we’re seeing the price of our grains and oilseeds realized in the case of Brazil to Brazilian farmers, they’re getting more revenue for it. So it’s - that’s a positive, but a relative to our competitors on the dollar and it’s a bit of a headwind on potash, we have a bit of a tailwind. The Russians have a bigger tailwind, but it’s helped our business and marketing as well. I’m going to have Rich Mack add to that.
James Prokopanko: Thanks, Rich. I’m just going to - Kevin just reinforce something Rich said. And that is we’ve purchased - repurchased $2.8 billion of our stock since the beginning of 2014. So there’s a little doubt that we know how to do a buyback. And I think you all know that the increase - to do another buyback we need board authorization. And Rich is right to say, we have a AGM coming up. Our board meeting come up - coming up, and this will be pop of the screen topics for our board to consider, so just stay tuned. Thanks.
James Prokopanko: Hello, Michael, thanks for the question. I’m going to a turn this over to Joc O’Rourke, our Operations leader to address your question.
Richard McLellan: Yes, good morning, Jeff. Yes, we expected that we would get a question on this. It has a - it really is a function of our beginning to inventory and what we had in FPDs carried through from 2013. So in 2013, we carried through FPDs that - or inventory in place that became sales. This year, those FPDs got sold in December, and our inventories were low going into 2014. So the big change there is strictly around timing of our FPD programs.
Richard McLellan: Yes, Sandy. Good morning. I think what we saw in potash and with lower prices is, we saw real on the demand - on the ground demand grow in India, in China, as a reflection of that lower price. When we think about phosphates right now pricing is in such a way that it makes sense for farmers to use it on - use phosphates. And we think at with moderating ammonia prices, we’ll see decent margins for our phosphate business going through the rest of the year.
Richard McLellan: Yes, good morning, Don. I’ll talk about the two things. In Brazil, we’ve seen prices since the Chinese contract stabilized. The issue in Brazil is still about farmer demand. And farmer demand is being impacted by volatility in the currency, longer-term, mid-term, lower or weaker Brazilian real is good for agriculture. And so I think we’ve talked earlier about our expectation of a very strong second-half. And so if you think about what the drivers will be in Brazil, there is only so much logistics capacity to get product into the country and through to the farm. And that’s going to be challenged the longer farmer waits. And so with the currency situation, we see them waiting, but we have seen potash prices stabilize. As far as a Somerville discount today, I would say, we’re a little too early to talk about how markets will work out for this summer. We’ll have to take a look and see just how much demand is going to come from the rest of the world before we discuss what we’re going to do with prices.
Richard McLellan: Good morning, Yonah. The prices in North America were –I would say for a while, trending below international prices, which caused us to take a look and say, we need to pull tonnes out of North America. We had existing markets we could go to in India. We did that since that happened, the North American market has popped back up. And so frankly, it’s one of the things that we need to do is look at where we need pressure relief points as a market leader. And that’s the point that we want to make is that, we’re doing those things, so that we can balance the markets. And since we did that - made that move two weeks ago and announced it, we’ve seen the North American prices rise, as well as some of future swaps markets reflect those changes.
Richard Mack: Hey, Rick, I might add that - I think now for five or six years in a row, and I think this from an agronomic point of view, when you calculate the amount of P&K, that have been removed from the soils by these monstrous crops last couple of years, it really helps to explain why there is a really solid outlook and foundation for P&K demand.
Richard Mack: Yes, we did see prices come down in Q1 reflecting just a later in delayed start to North American demand. I think the one thing to keep in mind is, we’ve seen decreased raw materials. And so sometimes people get excited about the volatility of the price in phosphates, but we need to - what we focus on is looking at what our stripping margin is, which is net of looking at what the margin is going to be. And so as we drive through, we see as we go into Q3, there is some opportunities for our stripping margins or our gross margins to increase.
Richard Mack: Neel, on the M&A, I would say not really. I don’t think if an opportunity came up, obviously, we would look at the impact at foreign currency fluctuations, would have on that, but it’s not something that we’re particularly focused on.
Richard Mack: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, Kevin. So nothing has changed materially, I think from the extensive information that we provided at Analyst Day at the end of March. Your question how much do we buy in the quarter? It’s about $125 million of stock we repurchased in the first quarter of 2015. And some of the things that I would share with you just from a color commentary perspective is Mosaic’s strong cash flow generation $650 million in the first quarter, which is very positive, and as you noted, we have about $700 million currently of excess cash. So we have $100 million or $150 million left under our current share repurchase authorization. And we expect that we will exhaust that remaining authorization. As I noted in the Analyst Day events, we will be reviewing the issue of capital, capital management, and additional share authorizations with our board, and we have our Annual Meeting just to note in the mid-May time horizon. So we’ll certainly provide additional updates when we have more information. We agree with you at current prices. Mosaic’s share price is very attractive. I would note that we have been extraordinarily active in the last 14 months. We have repurchased 60 million shares of Mosaic stock. And with respect to our balance sheet targets, I think I indicated in Florida that our mix on our liquidity buffer are 2.5 billion, that is something that we will continue to review. And the mix between cash and revolver capacity is something that could change over time. And with respect to our leverage target, we’re comfortable, but it’s something that we continue to look at. I mean, we look at this not on a net debt basis, we look on it - as a rating agency we’d look at it. So on an adjusted debt to adjusted EBITDA basis and if we do it that way, we’re at - currently at the high-end of the range, but we’ll work our way down to the low end of the range just with our EBITDA incremental generation here in the next few years. So the main objective that we have would be practical and capital, a good balance with growth investments and shareholder distributions, and to maintain our solid investment grade credit ratings.
Richard Mack: I’m going to add to that Michael. Our operating costs and raw material costs are important strategic levers that we have a good bit of control over, not entire control over, but we could influence up those costs. And we’ve been working hard to do that. We had back in 2014, we took some curtailment, because we believe that ammonia and sulfur were getting on the line with the pricing of the finished product. And that had the desired impact. We’ve also made investments in a sulfur melter that will be operational towards the end of this year. And that is going to give us some optionality in sourcing sulfur from nontraditional North American markets. We have the anhydrous ammonia supply agreement with CF industries that’s going to give us a preferred pricing on ammonia. And we’re also looking at debottlenecking our Louisiana ammonia facility again to provide us with some lower-cost ammonia. So you’re right onto ask that question to follow that component, it’s so important in phosphates that would really is the principal financial item to look at is the stripping margin or the gross margin not so much the price when we run that business. So cost big, big deal for us here at Mosaic, and we are really focused on that and doing what we can to keep us in that - to the bottom end of the cost curve.
Richard Mack: With that, I’m going to wrap up the call. Michael was the last question. And I want to, first of all, thank everybody for being on this call today. I know this is a busy earnings day with you and some other people in our space reporting. So I know you have your hands full. I just want to conclude with some of our key messages, I hope you’ve already heard, but we’ll reinforce. First, Mosaic delivered very good performance for the quarter, and certainly compared to the prior year, we’re really pleased with where the quarter ended. We’re well ahead of last year largely, because the growth investments that we’ve made and the cost-cutting programs are really starting to show a payoff. Second, we expect 2015 to be good year for both potash and phosphates shipments with strong growing global demand for both our products. And finally, Mosaic is very well situated - ideally situated, I would say the benefit from the positive secular trends we’re seeing in the ag space and to deliver strong returns to our shareholders. With that, thanks, everybody, for joining us, and have a safe day.
