Jim Prokopanko: Thank you, Rich. The economic environment on the farm has changed. Corn selling at 350 per bushel remains us after a long run of remarkable farm profitability, that food supply can still get ahead of demand, if only temporarily. And tough times for farmers lead to leaner times across the Ag factor. We are ready for this at Mosaic. We’ve been through $3 corn and $9 soybeans. We’ve been through $200 potash and we’ve seen the over exuberance or $1,000 potash. Through all that, we’ve stayed our course. We will remain confident about the agricultural markets and we’ve made tough decisions when necessary and bold decisions when they held big promise. Listen, this is a tough business and a tough business to predict. Agriculture is subject to a myriad of forces, economic, social, political, environmental and otherwise. Farmers and agro business make decisions about the future with many variables unknown. But they and we return to the simple concept that the world needs all the food they can grow and it needs a lot more of that food in the coming years. I will skip the food story details for now and I will let this suffice. Short term volatility is a fact of life in agriculture, but long-term demand growth is also a fact of life and lives. Mosaic is exactly where we wanted to be, and we’ve made bold investments for growth. We’ve reduced our costs. We build an efficient balance sheet. We’ll become the world’s largest player in finished phosphates and build a strong position in potash. In short, we have built this company to succeed across the inevitable cycles of agriculture. Now, we’ll be happy to take your questions. 
Jim Prokopanko: Well, good morning Matthew and congratulations for being number one. And it’s good way to start your Thursday. Your questions, really take a look at regional market North America in what we are competing in is a world market and I’m going to turn it over to Mike in a moment about that. But I believe the world with the demand growth we’re seeing in grain and oilseeds needs to keep their foot on the accelerator to continue to grow the kind of crops we’re growing. We can’t count on having two back to back or continued back to back record harvests. The record just aren’t there to support that just as we don’t have poor harvest year after year after year, we won’t expect to have these record harvest continuing. So, I think the right thing to do for farmers to take the market signals, produce all that makes economic sense to produce and we’re seeing it play out with the soybean markets with higher than anticipated soybean exports. So, just looking at the U.S. there’s other things happening whether its Southeast Asia, Latin  America, Brazil now being challenged with dryer than normal planting conditions which we’ll see how that ends up. But we got to look at the whole market and we have the whole world as a market and not just focused on what’s happening with the U.S. corn and bean crops. Mike over to you. 
Jim Prokopanko: I just add to that Matthew, until 10 days ago it was well as me these corn and bean prices aren’t going to find the bottom and we get a few little surprises like higher soybean exports, dry conditions in Latin America and the markets turnaround and we’re seeing 10 or 15 days of some solid improvement in both corn and bean prices. So it’s a really a difficult one to forecast. 
Jim Prokopanko: Charles, good morning. I’m going to just turn that straight over to Dr. Mike Rahm who keenly follows those supply and demand dynamics and I’ll wrap up with some comments. 
Jim Prokopanko: Charles, we’re going to add one thing to couple of points to that. 2015 and phosphate is going to be another record year, although we moderated our forecast for the year to be up a 1million tonne less, it’s still going to be up a 1 million tonnes. And if you go back to 2007 the year before the big drop in shipments, we’re shipping 50 million tonnes approximately a year. Today we’re going to ship 65 million tonnes of finished phosphates. From 2008 we’re up almost 20 million tonnes, and on global potash, again, we’re going to see another record. And if you go to the 2008 year, we’re going to be up 10 million tonnes of potash shipments. So, yes, there is ups and downs, dips and valleys, but the trend is unrelenting. It is upward and it maybe is not every year, but we are seeing continued growth in potash and phosphates with record years being post-expected in 2015. 
Jim Prokopanko: Good question Chris. I’m going to have our Chief Operating Officer, Joc O'Rourke speaks to that, those are projects he is keenly following. 
Jim Prokopanko: Good morning, Vincent. Glad to address that. On the strategy, the CF acquisition which we called project donuts and so was the whole in our donut we have mines and facilities all around that the CF phosphate facilities. That was just -- we are a natural parent and it worked well in term synergies. We’re anticipating synergy harvesting of about $50 million in 2015 and we’re well on track to that. It’s really been -- all we could have hope for plus more in terms of the cost efficiencies and probably more importantly the quality of talent we’re able to acquire with that assets. It’s really gone well. The integrations gone well and it really work for us. We’re able to get the cost synergies, we’re able to rebalance productions amongst various plans and facilities and it’s given us additional years of mining capacity and flexibility with in terms of differing a mine going forward. We really believe in the phosphates segment. We are always looking to grow our top line as we have with the CF acquisition and we think there is over time, there’s going to be more opportunities to grow the top line in the phosphate business. The Ma'aden project is another important element of that where we’re investing 25% of the cost of the Ma'aden project for 25% of the off take of the project in Saudi Arabia positioned us well to serve the India and Asian markets, Southeast Asia markets. So, we’re continuing to be strong believers in phosphate and look to grow the top lines on that. Next question you asked was about curtailment and what we’re thinking there. This is – we’re not straying from our strategy of producing to market demand. What we’ve seen is a delay in market demand for this fall season principally in North America. Delay in decisions and we could [recall] and could perhaps speak to that in a moment. But we’ve seen the delay in decision making to apply phosphates. We think it’s going to come. The phosphates would be bought. But for us to build inventories with high cost, sulfur and high cost ammonia not without commitments for those tonnes, we just didn’t see that as a prudent financial move. So we’ve throttle back our phosphate – finished phosphate production, so as not to build the high cost inventories, quite a simple as that nothing unnatural there. And perhaps I’ll just move into Rick – Rich McLellan, our leader of a Commercial operations and just talk about what we see happening on phosphate demand. 
Jim Prokopanko: Vincent, you’re not going to get a medal for being the first one to ask a question, but you get the prize for having the longest answer to your question. We’ll carry on. 
Jim Prokopanko: Good morning, Don, good to hear from you. I’m going turn that over Rick McLellan, Leader of Commercial Group to answer those questions for you. 
Jim Prokopanko: Just to put a point on it, Don, on to your questions. The pipeline stock, this is lowest we’ve seen in the number of years and that is low because in spite of the high production rates, so the demand has been good and its going to take us some considerable effort and good operating rates to continue to keep up with the demand and as well as fill a very, very thin pipeline. And then your question on [Vanscoy] that’s going to come up, I think they say in 2015 and we expect that to be replacing current imports into North America. So we’re – yes, there is some modest concern about where those tonnes are going, but I think that will as I said, displaces imports that we’re now seeing reach North America. 
Jim Prokopanko: Good morning, Jeff Zekauskas, glad to have you on the call and we’re going to have Rich Mack speak to the liquidity buffer and perhaps just give you some color on the repurchasing. 
Jim Prokopanko: Good morning, Paul. You ask a good question. Principally around a long and complex supply  chain of - its one thing making it, and it’s one thing delivering it to the farmer at the dealer level. I’d say you gotten to be a whole lot more complex and uncertain about getting it between the producer and that dealer. And we are spending considerable effort and time internally looking at how we can avoid the hassle we faced last year with railway shipping product, railway shipping issues and what is becoming a growing challenge on the barge system. So there is a lot of uncertainties still remaining about our capacity this year to recover from the hole that was dug last year and not being able to get product to either domestic or international customers on a timely basis, particularly when I speak international customers I’m referring to potash shipments out of Western Canada. It’s a challenge we put to our dealer customers that we just can’t FedEx this product a week in advance of when they need to sell it to the supplier. We’ve got to take up over a month to six weeks to position or train, get it shipped and get it delivered. So you put your finger on a real emerging and developing issues what position the dealers take in storing product and this is – here is a good example of farmers delaying decision making, so dealers are reluctant to make the decision of loading up their warehouses if they don’t know the farmers are taking. So this is backing up the system and what we’re doing is where we can position products further in country closer to those dealers, with dealers and be ready for potential problems in the delivery. I’m going to ask Rick and Collin to add some color to what he’s seeing in the distribution system.
Jim Prokopanko: Good to hear from you Michael, and a good question. Yes, China contract is right before us but all I can say on it is that one, China has been using good amounts of Potash this past year. Demand has been strong and we’ve also seen those inventories as a result of that diminish. So we expect there to be a good appetite into China. Timing wise we are very hopeful that we are going to see a contract, a normal type of contract over the next by the end of the calendar year, fingers crossed, discussions are underway and in terms of pricing it’s going to be above where our last contract was which is a low bar, but we expect a higher price and I’m not going to say much more about the negotiations at this point.
Jim Prokopanko: Insightful question, Mark and something that we watch carefully. I’m going to have Mike Rahm to speak to that.
Jim Prokopanko: Yes, I’m going to add to that Mark that when you look at the state of technology on the farm today, there isn’t a lot of room for one tank you put in high test, the next tank you put in low test and we are talking about this for example seed. If you put in some of the high value multi trade seeds farmers are going to be spending $420, $410 a bag a seed, if you apply that to 2.5 acres that’s a $150 to $160 per acre per seed and this is the point I made in my opening comments. When you put on a $160 of seed value you are not, not going to feed it. You are going to give it the best bite you can so you get the maximum value of it. And with these record crops what you have seen just as Mike said, we have extracted record crop nutrients. So, yes there may be just a little bit of dip and little economizing farmers might have to do that, but there just isn’t the room to tighten the belt like there used to be. These are highly technical businesses that farmers have to maximize economic yield and that’s using the best seed and the best nutrition for those excellent seeds.
Jim Prokopanko: Hey good morning, Adam. I’m going to turn that right over to Rich Mack our CFO who’s pursuing this initiative.
Jim Prokopanko: Yes with that Adam, I’ll just say net, we are very pleased with how the organization has responded to the cost savings initiatives. We are ahead of plan and we are pushing to have most of these savings harvested before the five year time horizon. We’ve got time for one more question folks, and then we’ll wrap it up.
Jim Prokopanko: Okay and with that I’d like reinforce our key messages and thank you all for the questions and the interest on this call. First, we believe the current negative sentiment in agriculture markets is overblown and the low valuations present compelling opportunities for Mosaic and investors alike. Second, we always have to keep in mind that this is a cyclical business. Agricultural commodity prices are indeed lower. This cycle will play out and prices will certainly rise again. Third and most important Mosaic is in an excellent condition to thrive across the cycle. We have the resources, the assets and talent to whether the current economic environment sees opportunities as they arise and outperform when conditions improve. Thank you all for joining the call. I hope you all have a great and safe day. Good day.
Michael Rahm: Yes. Not a whole lot to add Jim, I thought it was a good response. What we say around here is that, we’re one great – one great crop away from a farm crisis and one poor crop away from a food crisis. And I think that really summarizes the nature of our business that if we knew what mother nature was going to deliver, I think we could answer the question, but we just don’t know, and I think that’s what markets are precisely signaling today that there is so much uncertainty in terms of what could happen that you could get a sharp inventory drawdown next year under a poor crop conditions. 
Michael Rahm: Good morning, Carl and thanks for the question. I think in terms of our projections for 2015 you’ve seen our forecast for shipments, we expect that potash shipments will increase from I think our point estimate for 2014 is 57.8, we think there’s another million tonne increase in 2015 to about 58.8 or so. In the case of phosphates we expect to go from the mid 64 million tonne range in to the kind of 66 million tonne range. So, we expect demand growth maybe slows a little bit from the rapid pace that we’ve seen in 2014. And given that forecast when you lay that up against supply, we see more or less fairly stable operating rates. In the case of potash, I think that translates into about 82% operating rate or so worldwide, in the case of phosphates, about 86%. So, as we said, our long-term outlook shows a fairly well balanced situation. We think global potash operating rates are going to kind of range in that 80% to 85% range and in the case processed phosphate rates will be in the mid 80% range. 
Michael Rahm: I think the other thing I would add Jim is that when you look at global grain and oilseed production the big step-up in production pulled a lot more nutrients out of the soil as we mentioned before and that translates into this 8% increase in potash shipments in 2014. 
Michael Rahm: Hey, Chris, I’m going to add to that and just along that line of questioning not only we doing, looking at the debottlenecking and pursuing that, but we’re also in the same way going after sulfur alternative, ensuring that we have good optionality and where we can get our sulfur. With that, we’re making an investment in a sulfur melter in Florida, which is going to give us the flexibility to bring in [apparel] sulfur from other markets, Middle East and so on, other low cost markets and not just be reliant on molten sulfur coming in as well we’re investing in a couple of cross-Gulf barges that’s going to give us the availability or ability to move ammonia across from the Louisiana into our Florida operations. So the point is we’re looking for all the flexibility we can find to ensure we have low cost raw material inputs and I think both the ammonia de-bottlenecking and the sulfur melter are really going to position us for an advantage cost position on those two important raw materials. 
Michael Rahm: I can get some specifics in terms of what we’re assuming for demand for corn acreage. We think corn acreage will be off a bit in that 88 million to 90 million acre range and soybeans probably in the 80 million to 82 million and [oil wheat] in the 50 to 53. We don’t expect much of a decline in application rates. And as a consequence you put all that together. We think both phosphate and potash overall use could be down 3% to 5% in the North America in the 2014, 2015 year and that’s certainly pegged into our global shipment forecast. 
Michael Rahm: Jim, I might add just in terms of the demand outlook we just talked about our global shipment numbers. In terms of the composition of that, I think the theme for 2015 is that the torrid pace that we seen in the Americas slows down a bit, but as we expect Asia is going to pick up, particularly India, we think the pipeline there is absolutely bone dry and Rich, you just got back from Malaysia, Indonesia, Burma, the demand prospects for [PMK] those markets remain robust. So we think India -- we think Asia is going to step up and offset some of the slowdown that we’re projecting for the Americas. 
Michael Rahm: Well I guess the best, hard evidence is what the research at IP&I has done over the years where they have done a very careful accounting of what crops have removed from the soil and what nutrients have been applied to the soil both in the form of chemical fertilizers as well as manure and so forth. And those have shown consistently that nutrient removal has exceeded what has been applied for several years and there are many parts of the world where or many parts of the country where P&K soil tests are relatively low. I think what we said earlier about record crops removing record amounts of nutrients is really relevant. Farmers have adopted the use of precision technology, the old view that you just kind of [indiscernible] the P&K and build up soil levels and keep applying at certain constant rates. I think that’s changed a bit with the precision technology that’s been available. So as we said earlier this whole notion that the P&K levels in the soil are adequate to feed a 215 crop just doesn’t seem to square with all the facts.
Michael Rahm: And Rick, I’d just add a couple of points. As I said earlier, we are banking on India for picking up the pace in terms of their P&K imports. We think phosphate imports will be up to around 5.5 million tonnes of DAP in calendar year 2015 and MLP imports probably in that 4.5 million tonne range. The one thing I would add farm economics in India are great. Their minimum support prices are at relatively high levels, more moderate international prices are more stable, rupee has really caused import economics to work. So in terms of our demand forecast we don’t see changes, any changes in subsidy policy jeopardizing the demand outlook in India. The other thing I would add is that with the crop and petroleum prices, it takes a lot of pressure off the government in terms of its overall subsidy bill because petroleum takes up a pretty big chunk of that. So I think there will be a little bit less pressure to squeeze the balloon a little bit harder on the P&K side.
Richard Mack: And Vincent, this is a Rich Mack, one final point that I would make. I think it’s fair to say that we believe that our phosphate story is getting increasingly more compelling and we made a lot of investments Ma'aden, CF, ADM distribution business are in line with that. We are taking a lot cost out of the system and making good progress there. We’re capturing synergies from the CFDL. And so we think telling the story and providing more transparency to our segment is important and that’s one of the reasons why we’re going to move forward with this new segment on international distribution and that will provide much more direct line of sight into our phosphate business. 
Richard Mack: Hey, Jeff, it’s Rich. I think the answer to your question is yes. You’re correct, as of today anyways we currently have roughly $1 billion in excess cash after you take into account the upward adjustment in our liquidity buffer. And what we do in fact going forward really would go back to our capital management philosophy and I would just refer you to some of our prior commentary about our priorities for investment which include maintaining our credit ratings and of our course our dividend policy, sustaining our assets, looking at organic growth opportunities, things like MicroEssentials and cogeneration, K3 for example. Strategic growth opportunities, we talked ADM, CF and Ma'aden. And to the extent that we have excess cash, you should expect that we will continue to move towards the balance sheet metrics that we have publicly provided. We had stated leverage ratio and of course our liquidity buffer. So, the way I look at it is in 2014 we have been extraordinarily active if you include share repurchases and you include dividends, we’ve returned $3 billion to shareholders, which is I think by far the most that you would find in our sector. And most recently after we got through the MAC Trust purchase agreement we’ve been involved in open market share repurchases. And so, I think I would leave you with the fact that we’ll balanced and we’ll methodical in our approach and we will be a strong generator of cash going forward and to the extent that we have excess cash we will look to return that to shareholders in the form of either dividends or share repurchases. 
Richard Mack: Thanks, Jim. I’ll just take where you were at with the farmers delaying decisions. And the dealers have been good at stepping up and placing the inventory, but they really are looking for the farmer to do something. And so, when the farmer puts the brakes on or delays making decisions during the harvest period like this, dealers are really reticent to take on inventory to hold it for those customers. So, I think that what we’re going to see is that farmers can see the logistics problems aren’t going to go away, then you will see a change in dealer mentality. And I think that’s the part that we have to look at going forward. And it involves the whole chain you can’t the dealer is not going to step in just like we talked about not building phosphate inventories with high priced raw materials and so the key piece is getting a much better seamless move from production through to the farmer.
Richard Mack: Yes, it’s a good point Jim. What we’ve in North America attempted to do is as Jim says we’ve moved it closer, moved the inventory closer to the customer. And but we’ve what we have done is we focused on getting the inventory in place that’s going to be used for the fall. And in the past we would fill up inventory no matter whether it was going to be used for the fall or not. And so, we put [prior] dates on what if we place inventory in new warehouses on when they should get invoiced. And so it’s helped us put some discipline around it and in that way we don’t have the inventory misplaced somewhere in North America when it could be used to go to India. So, Jim those are the things that we are doing in on potash, we’re moving product up where we’ve got the ability to into the dealers warehouse, but right now it’s we’re producing it and we’re moving it and it’s going to the ground.
Richard Mack: Hi, Adam. What I would say is first of all we’re off to a very good start I think in terms of trying to achieve these cost saving initiatives and I’ll remind you that a portion of these are real or absolute cost reductions and a portion of these are intended to offset future inflationary pressures in our businesses. And I think what I would also say is from a management perspective we are working very hard to front end load as many of these costs as we possibly can. So things like shutting down our Carlsbad MLP production by the end of the year. The portfolio optimization actions that we have taken, so the sale of Hersey, the signing of a purchase agreement to divest our Argentinean operations, shutting down our Chilean operations we’ve gone through a very significant corporate function, cost review and we are implementing the actions to take significant costs out of our SG&A. And so it’s resulting really across the board and in headcount reductions that would be included at our corporate offices, in our business units and in our international locations. We’ve set up a shared services center as another example down in Florida to look at places where it is more friendly from a cost perspective to do business. And another example I throw out as we recently shut down our [Hooker’s] prairie mine in Florida. And so in the end what we are trying to do is we’re being systematic, we are looking for things like attrition, early retirements, less use of contractors and so bottom line off to a very good start. When we get to a few years out in terms of capital, I think that you are going to see that there should be a step function change in terms of what our capital requirements would be, again, it’s all dependant on what sort of opportunities we see in terms of organic growth and strategic growth opportunities but you -- we should see some of the cost savings that we are achieving results in 2015, 2016 or probably thereafter I mean these targets remember are 2018 targets and less capital being used by the organization.
Richard Mack: Yes just add a couple of things. There is – I visited with some of the industry people from India in Singapore on Monday evening at a [Capitex] event and they talked about finally being in a position that the government is going to focus on real change. And what that means is trying to get to the balance crop nutrition that they have set off, that they need to get to. And people are very, very positive that’s going to happen. I think probably what’ s more so then what’s going on with prices of P&K they are going to have to deal with the difference between nitrogen pricing and P&K pricing. And so what that change looks like I think we have to be patient for it to take place but if you used 2014 as a guide we saw it growth in both P&K imports and applications and a change to the nitrogen subsidy would only support that continuing.
