Michael Rahm: Sure. Just to refresh everyone's memory, we're forecasting 62 million to 64 million tonnes of global processed phosphate shipments. Our point estimate, I think, is a hair above 63. In the case of India, our view comes largely from our team on the ground there, and they remain optimistic. And I think if you start from the premise of what's the government of India's overall policy, their policy is to improve food security, to stimulate agricultural productivity growth. And what we've seen this year is that we think that overall phosphate and potash use, given some of the issues with the execution of their subsidy policy, will be down 10% to 15%, and we're beginning to see some unrest in the countryside with respect to large increases, not only in crop nutrient prices but other crop input prices. And then we are confident that the government of India will act to correct some of this. We don't deny that 2012 may get off to a slow start, but we think there's going to be an acceleration of momentum as the year progresses.
Michael Rahm: Mike, I'll just add onto that. The one thing, we are seeing about 1.1 million tonnes of inventory in -- at the ports, not 600,000. That was what we're seeing for phosphates. And Mike's right. The NPK plants have not moved to fill up as they're still -- they haven't moved to take in phosphates as well. So that's -- the kind of in-country inventory is lower than we would have expected.
Michael Rahm: Okay. If you look at what's happened, as Jim said, the government of China has been trying to rein in exports and are failing miserably in that task. In 2010, exports surged to about 6.1 million tonnes of DAP/MAP and triple-super phosphate. We think that when all the numbers get counted, that's probably going to increase to at least 6.5 million tonnes when the December numbers come in. You make a good point in terms of what will happen in 2012. The Chinese have gotten around the higher tariffs by exporting more TSP. I think TSP exports will probably increase 90% to 100% this year. They've exported lots of NP products. And if you look at just total phosphate exports in terms of P2O5, Chinese exports will be up an incredible 30%. So certainly, the government's not achieving its policy objective to conserve precious natural resources and the like. We're not -- we don't have an answer in terms of what will happen in 2012. You're correct in that some of the changes in how the policy is implemented will result in higher netbacks on exports to Chinese producers. So there is certainly is an incentive to export less of these other products like TSP and NPs and export more DAP and MAP. So it remains to be seen how that plays out, but one thing is certain. There's going to be a lot more product that needs to be pushed through this eye of the needle that runs from about June 1 through September 30, and we think that there will be some pretty significant logistical challenges, and as a consequence, we're using a lower number in our S&D.
Michael Rahm: Sure. As you probably know, if you look at inventories on November 30, phosphate inventories were -- they've been fairly stable for the last 4 or 5 months. We -- the S&D analysis we do, when we look at projected demand and supply -- expected supply, we go through and project those out for 12 to 18 months. We don't see inventory -- producer-level inventories increasing above a 5-year average, if you will. So they sort of range, in our view, from kind of the low end of the range to the 5-year average. But we don't see them rising to the high end of the 5-year range, certainly. There's a lot of assumptions, obviously, that go into those. We just -- we always say we hope all of the errors are unbiased, that we overestimate and underestimate some things, but at the end of the day, we do make those projections, and they don't look troublesome to us at this point.
Michael Rahm: Just a quick comment. And I don't -- think of it not so much in terms of reduction in yields but the lack of growth in yields. India yields today are relatively low. And as they look to try to stimulate agricultural productivity growth, a key to that is better balanced nutrition including more P&K, as well as micronutrients. So no, we don't expect the collapse of yields, but at the same time, this is a real drag on efforts to try to increase productivity growth in India.
James T. Prokopanko: Lindsay, I'll just add one piece to that. You asked about the curtailment and if that is sort of contrary to what we're seeing going forward. And that curtailment was largely prompted by what was a virtual stop in purchases of phosphate through the last part of December, and this was -- and I'll address this now. I'm sure questions will come up with some other callers, but we had a period where it was just -- a wall of worry was built around the dealers in North America based on this incessant bad news on the Europe budgetary issues and questions, political questions in North America. And people just stopped buying. December started with some weak grain prices, and that just gave dealers pause, and I think justifiable pause, to say, "Hey, we're just going to hold off buying until we see something, there's a catalyst in this market." Well, by the end of December, we started seeing a catalyst. Grain prices started going up on concerns of South American crop production issues, some drier conditions across the Midwest in the U.S. We're seeing some stronger grain prices, and we are absolutely confident that farmers are going to be back in the fields looking to and being incented to plant a record yield. So dealers didn't buy. There was limited supplies of product on the river that some people wanted to just blow out of inventory, some of the distributors that didn't want to carry inventory given all this uncertainty. Since then, higher grain prices, the anxiety in Europe has moderated a bit and we've got spring coming around the corner in North America. People are back in buying phosphates, and we see in a matter of a week, phosphate prices snap back $50 a tonne. So that isn't -- that explains the curtailment, but that doesn't change our view and doesn't imply anything about our view of the future.
James T. Prokopanko: So you're asking why no potash curtailment. Well, at present, we don't have a plan, and we don't believe it's necessary for our production plan to include a curtailment, and I'll tell you why. We began our fiscal year June with low inventories coming into the year, on our on-site inventory, on our dealer inventory -- they were low. We'd carefully balanced our production of potash over the summer months and this first 6 months of the fiscal year, and we've done that a couple of things by intention and by -- without intention. For example, our Christmas holiday turnaround, we extended that a couple of days. We had a turnaround in the fall season at Colonsay, a very good turnaround. That took a couple more days than was originally planned. So we've had a few of these minor cutbacks throughout the year, and we find ourselves in great shape in terms of inventory and warehouse capacity. We have room to pile the product. We're not desperate to sell it, and we're prepared for a very good spring with good, balanced inventories. That said, if the market deteriorates, and we don't expect it to deteriorate beyond our current forecast, we can take a curtailment. That could happen very quickly, and we can get an order to do that. Hope that answers your question, Edlain.
James T. Prokopanko: I'm going to have Joc O'Rourke, our leader of our operations of Phosphate and Potash address that. He looks after rock purchasing and product procurement.
James T. Prokopanko: Okay, 3 questions you snuck in there. About the dealer behavior, I think it's really all about psychology and sentiment. Dropping grain prices at the end of -- at the beginning of December really had people concerned. That said, we're talking about grain prices that were $5 or maybe just under $5. Still good prices, but dealers are just really risk-averse following their 2008 experience. We are seeing dealers now come back. And as recently as yesterday, there's -- we're seeing a good variety of purchasing, whether barges or rail lofts. Dealers see that these are good values. Dealers have -- are going into the season with perhaps more inventory than they had in their warehouses last year. I think it's important to distinguish what kind of inventory they have. They may have -- and we just swag that -- there's no good data. Maybe their warehouses are, let's call, it 50% full. Not all of that is owned by the dealers. Some of that is some of this forward-priced -- to be determined -- price-to-be-determined contracts that we have with the dealers. That hasn't hit our sales book yet. That is in their warehouse, but they don't own it. And so they might have, I don't know, 25% of their warehouses filled with product that is -- they own. And again, that's just a swag and our best efforts at an estimate. The logistics, this is something that the industry has gotten very good at. In a very short compressed period of time working with the railways, working with the dealers, distributors, our production facilities, we managed to move a lot of product through a very short time window. And I've -- in my 30-plus years, I've not seen us not be able to get the product to a dealer in time. There might be some little spot or local outages, but that just hasn't happened in the past, logistics problems, so I don't expect it this year. I'd ask Rick to add some of his experiences and colors to what he's seeing in the North American dealer market.
James T. Prokopanko: Jim here. Yes, gas is a bargain compared to other energy sources. It's quite remarkable, and we don't see that abating in the near term or even for the midterm. So it is attractive. We consume about 1.5 million tonnes of anhydrous ammonia a year. We produce 0.5 million tonnes in our Louisiana facilities for internal consumption. So we are short 1 million tonnes to our internal needs. This is something that's gotten our attention, particularly with the higher prices of ammonia and the good margins being earned. We're interested in getting into the nitrogen ammonia production for internal use. That said, there's some serious challenges there. One, you've -- we would like to find -- ideally find a long-term supply of gas, and that's tough. Producers don't like these low gas prices, so we struggle to find someone that's going to give us long-term gas supplies, but we're looking and we're optimistic we'll find something. We don't want to go from being short 1 million tonnes of ammonia to our production needs of phosphate to going then to being 32 million times -- million tonnes of natural gas short, so moving one short to another. So we'll need to get that done. And then permitting. That's a real issue, and there's challenges there, and we're assessing. It's under consideration and a project we're taking seriously, but there's much work to be done.
James T. Prokopanko: Joel, that's a good question. This is a real interesting topic is what's happened and what the Chinese are doing. I'll just give a bit of a overview on it. The Chinese have been trying to keep more of the phosphate at home, keep phosphate agricultural input costs down in an effort to keep food prices down. They have put in the export tariff regime a couple of years ago, and very creative producers and exporters in China found ways around that. And this time, the national government has -- that's come to their attention. They understand what's being exported, and they are serious about curtailing those exports. And I'll ask Mike to give you some of the details around what they're doing and some of the creativity the producers had in exporting products this past year.
James T. Prokopanko: Yes, Michael, I'm going to have Richard Mack, our GC, address that. But before he does, let me say that it's -- Joc explained some of the mitigation efforts we have undertaken, and we're quite impressed with what our operational people have been able to do to work around the -- our getting into the South Fort Meade extension area. We remain confident we're going to get our permit, and we think we'll get it sooner rather than later in some form or fashion. I'm going to allow Rich to just address the specifics of the legal and other aspects of the South Fort Meade.
James T. Prokopanko: Yes, that is -- as I said earlier, and I'll just reinforce, our operations and mining team have just done a remarkable job of squeezing more out of our existing -- 3 existing operating mines. We're finding they're operating at record rates, and in fact, in some cases, beyond what their boilerplate rate -- stated rates were. So we're quite impressed, and we've had a resourceful and a creative team that's been able to, as I'd like to say, continue to pull rabbits out of their hat. And now, I'm going to have Joc just talk about some of the further actions we're taking and try to give you some specificity on how much more time we can keep pulling these rabbits out of the hat.
James T. Prokopanko: Okay. With that, we'll conclude our Q&A session. We remain excited about the future of our business and the outlook of our company. We think Mosaic provides a remarkably attractive opportunity to participate in the positive fundamentals of the agricultural markets, and ultimately, fundamentals will win out over sentiment. We thought our stock price was great value at $54.58 when we executed on our share buyback, and it's only more attractive now. We're well positioned to leverage our high quality assets, our operational expertise and our solid balance sheet. It's a great time to be the world's leading producer of phosphate and potash. Thank you for calling in, and I wish everybody a prosperous new year. Thank you.
Richard N. McLellan: It's hard to -- Jeff, it's really hard for us to kind of play the what-if game, although it is something -- or Vincent, I'm sorry. It is difficult for us to completely identify, but Jim's right. We saw a couple of hundred thousand tonnes of phosphates that probably are going to slip, and probably 300,000 to 400,000 tonnes of potash that we would have expected to ship in this quarter, and those will come back later on in the year, with a portion coming back in the fourth quarter.
Richard N. McLellan: I think there was a couple of questions there. As far as what other people are offering or other suppliers are offering, I think you'd better ask them. We know what we're doing with our customers, and frankly, it's worked very well for us and for those customers. As far as inventories in Brazil, there is no year-end number that's been reported yet out of Brazil, but I think the number will be someplace over 1 million tonnes and less than 1.3 million tonnes of carryout inventory and also -- in almost a 29 million-tonne market. So when you think about that and you think about the economics for the Brazilian soybean farmer, sugarcane farmer, just about every crop that's raised there, that's probably a good heel of inventory. Now the expectation is, is that Brazil will enter the market sometime in the next 60 days. They'll get through the Sophronia season, which is going to be in the next 60 days, and then we'll be assessing when they come back in. In India, inventories will continue to build up as they take shipments on this year's program. And frankly, we expect they'll be somewhere at the end. Mike, do you have the number? Is it like 1.4 million-tonnes carry out? Something like that. So it, frankly, puts them in the same situation they were in last year, that the negotiations will drag on in India on potash into the calendar third quarter.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes. I think you should think about it as getting more back to what we would normally see in our Q3, which is 50% international, 50% domestic. And the key thing to remember as you look at Q2 is that we had a higher percentage of standard. We'll go back to more granular in this current market condition -- or in our calendar Q3.
Richard L. Mack: Sure. I'd make a couple of comments. In terms of the monitoring we do of port stocks, I think we're indicating about 650,000 tonnes of port inventories, up maybe a couple of hundred thousand tonnes from very low levels. But more importantly, our assessment from our team in China indicates that distribution channels are relatively low. So we think that much of the potash, it's used as NPK products, that many of these NPK producers are running on very lean inventories at this time.
Richard L. Mack: Yes. What we're seeing in the North American dealer market is customers stepping in and buying phosphates. That's happened in -- since we turned the calendar to January. We've had a fair bit of interest. And some of that is that inventory that you talked about, our floor inventory. But a lot of it is just stepping in to get product moving. We're not very far from this season beginning, and people realize that they don't want to put themselves in a position where they don't have the inventory. And so we've seen them move on phosphates, and they will move likely in the next 30 days on phosphates -- on potash as well.
Richard L. Mack: Sure. Thanks, Jim. Michael, there's 3 things that I would simply refresh on relating to South Fort Meade. First, there is a pending motion for a limited stay with the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals. This relates to uplands-only mining, and this has been pending since October. And I think it's reasonable to anticipate that a ruling could be at -- on any given day now. I think it's ripe, and we're anticipating that we'll hear something relatively quickly. Just as a reminder, if we're successful in that motion, that would be about 18 to 24 months of significant mining at South Fort Meade, which would allow us to address any appeals that may be necessary relating to our South Fort Meade permit. Second, we have appealed the entirety of the preliminary injunction, and that is also pending with the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals. They have granted expedited status, which is discretionary, and oral arguments have been scheduled for the first week in March. And as a reminder, the 11th Circuit reversed the District Court in the first preliminary injunction, 4 days after our oral argument in that matter. And then finally, we're waiting for a ruling from the District Court judge in Jacksonville on the permit itself. That has been long pending, and we don't know exactly when we're going to get a ruling on that. But we simply need to see what the ruling says to determine any future course of action that we might take. But as Jim noted, this is a comprehensive permit, the most comprehensive permit that's ever been issued. The standard here for the Army Corps is did they act arbitrarily or capriciously, and with all of the evidence and diligence that went into this permit, we think the facts will speak for themselves.
James C. O'Rourke: So, Mark, the answer to your question basically is yes, we expect by curtailing production, the rock purchases will definitely decrease. That will lower our raw cost slightly, of course, because that's 7% that we buy. We haven't purchased rock in about 8 weeks now, so it's definitely making a difference to what we have to purchase. Going forward, we still expect to have to purchase rock. Yes, in terms of mitigation, as you're probably aware, we have increased the production of our other facilities. We have -- Miski Mayo that continues to ramp up and give us more rock. So we're in pretty darn good shape for rock, and we don't expect to have to enter into any long-term rock contracts, which we haven't to-date.
James C. O'Rourke: Elaine, Joc O'Rourke here. I'll answer that question for you. In terms of the second quarter production, the biggest issue was our Colonsay turnaround, and we did, as you mentioned, took a couple of extra days. We had some extra work that we felt it was opportune time to do. We ran that shutdown. It was 1,000 person shutdown, so the biggest we've run at that place. We're doing a bunch of tie-ins for the new project. We're able to do that project without any medical treatment injuries or anything like that, so it was extremely successful shutdown, but we let it go a couple of extra days to make sure we got everything done the way we wanted to get it done. So that was really the biggest issue in the second quarter. Do we have capacity? Yes, we have capacity to probably run a little more in the next quarter if it's needed by the market. But we don't see right now that we'll just keep balancing the market.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay, Charles. So from the perspective -- I think the question your asking is how long can it last. At this stage, one of the things to remark on is while we've taken out finished product production in phosphates, the mines are continuing to run full out. So they're not slowing down for everything -- anything. We've increased production in the other mines, the 3 mines, so Wingate, Four Corners and Hookers Prairie mine. South Fort Meade, we moved to dragline north in Polk County. So we're doing everything we can to continue. We've been able to hold inventories during this period with, I think, something like 7% external purchases. We believe we can keep doing that for quite a while yet.
