Joc O'Rourke: Thank you, folks. The way we look at this is actually is the grain prices and higher grain demand is driving the fertilizer. So from our perspective, it's demand for grains and oil seeds and the price of that's creating is driving fertilizer demand, which is of course, driving fertilizer pricing. So we see the supply and demand balance the other way around, if you will. Now, we may see at some point the impact of high prices. Today tight grain and oilseed markets are going to be tight for a while. They're not going to loosen and just one growing season so this should last a while. And with gold prices up, it seems that most growers have been comfortable with the prices that we're seeing for fertilizer. Now the one area of concern we've talked about this is India. And this is not an affordability issue for the farmer but an affordability issue for the importer, because of the Indian subsidy system. But sooner or later local Indian inventories will mean that they have to buy fertilizer.
Joc O'Rourke: The life between the product prices we're seeing at the mine gate today and the actual international prices are driven by a couple things. First of all, when we looked at international shipments through Competex [ph]. Q1, we had delays due to port issues. In Q2, we're now seeing delays due to wildfires and rail impacts as we go through the British Columbia carrier. So the starting to push shipments back. So there is a normal lag period that we're experienced, plus, you have to consider that these prices are the Asian prices, which are lagging as well from the Brazilian and North American prices. If we turn to North America, a lot of the times that we're delivering now and what delivered for the quarter three are times that we're sold in early May for August shipment to meet summer field demand. And of course, those were delaying further due to the K1 K2 closure, which means a lot of the main volume won't be priced or shipped until October. And so the pricing lag is higher than that would normally be. But I will emphasize that we are in our distribution business, seeing and selling the $600 plus price that we're talking about being the spot market.
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you. Historically, our ammonia tonnes have been split roughly evenly between produced spot and CF. With the increased CF supply in the second half, which means for the following year, in the range of 75% of our total ammonia needs will be based on a natural gas price and be below today's market. This reinforces our competitive advantage in ammonia and the effectiveness of our hedging program to make sure that we have a number of supplies that buffer up against times like this.
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you. Today our position on sulfur is much better than a was at quarter ago. At this stage you can see by the sulfur price which just settled at about $195 per tonne versus $192 in the second quarter that the refinery rates and the demand balance for sulfur has really equalized. Now it's a little too early to forecast quarter four, but what I can tell you is gold refinery operating rates have stabilized and gone to normal rates. We have really done a lot of work to get good inventory of sulfur in our system which we did not have coming out of quarter one. And if you remember the issue we ran into at quarter one was low operating rates in the refineries, some turnarounds in the refineries and then freezing weather the shutdown a lot of the Gulf refineries. So the combination of the three meant are normally type situation was exacerbated quite a bit. So this date we see the risk is significantly lower.
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you, gentlemen. [Technical difficulty]. Our strategy is and always has been that we will balance our capital allocation between debt repayment and working on our balance sheet projects that offer a great return to through growth and then returning money to shareholders. In terms of the specifics, let me hand it over to Clint, because I think he can give you a little more color on that.
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you, Laura. Our volume production guidance was adjusted basically, because of two things First of all, the acceleration of our shaft and K3 and being able to move into production areas sooner in that K3 area, which will increase the contribution from about buying in the fourth quarter. We also were able to optimize some of our turnarounds at the mills because they are being fully utilized. And then the second part is a successful restart of Colonsay, which really has come up very well. And we've been very pleased with the rate at which we've been able to get it into production. Matter of fact that commissioned the mill just the other day so we're fully ready to run there Colonsay. And between the two of them, we've been able to accelerate our ability to produce tons at those two operations, which is mitigated some of the loss that we have from the early closure of K1 and K2. As far as closure costs for K1 and K2, in the second quarter, there were $158 million, most of which was non-cash write-off, $110 million was fixed asset write downs. $37 million dollars was ARO adjustments, and then [technical difficulty] MRO write offs, $4 million was contractor severance. In terms of the ARO itself, the $37 million brings a total up to about $120 million for ARO, of which $70 million to $100 million, let's say will be in the closure of those two mine shafts. Of that 40% or so will be spent this year and the rest will be spent next year of final closure of that. For the third part of the question of our cost structures. If we do the summer parts, our K3 mine, at 6 million tonne operating capacity will be one of the lowest costs in the world. We set that doing the $50 range already. Belle Plaine is also very low cost and very well positioned on the cost curve and now at 3 million tonnes of our operating capacity. Colonsay costs are still expected to be in the $100 per tonne range as per our previous guidance. We're looking at ways to reduce that amount. So you can kind of work it out from that 80% to 90% of our costs will be at that very first quartile and then we'll make up the difference with slightly higher costs from Colonsay at $100 a tonne, assuming we actually need those times to meet the market requirements. Let me emphasize that at these prices, Colonsay a tonnes are still very profitable and we would expect that to have a very good margin in today's environment.
Joc O'Rourke: Thanks, Adam. Look, if you go back to our multi-part analyst presentations, I think you'll remember we did say that we would correct the expectations of these costs things based on inflation. And over time, our expectation is if there's higher inflation in Brazil, that that will be offset by a weakening Brazilian real. So, I just want to highlight that we have accounted or we were not expecting to account for inflation. And this was a method of offsetting inflation. So you have to adjust those cost numbers based on that. But overall, we continue to drive very hard. I think you'll see in our results that we continue to drive very hard for those transformational benefits as we call them. And a big chunk of that is reducing our costs of mining. And in that, I just want to highlight that this quarter was exacerbated by lower rates caused by some downtime, and that doesn't increase your costs because of the fixed cost absorption.
Joc O'Rourke: Yeah, thanks, Mark. Well, I would say, definitely, yes. We've spent a lot of time and a lot of the area where our cost improvements have come from better operational reliability, better maintenance control, better outcomes of turnarounds. There is a high level of unpredictability in any large system. And frankly, our system runs very close to its capacity. So, in the case of sulfur, with very good spring ahead of us, a little sulfur hiccup impacted our tonnage. But I think if you look at it over time, you'll see that really, we have run very close to our capacity and make big improvements in that area. Likewise, in potash, I mean, if you look back where we were running the three potash lines continuously, you had a lot of flexibility, which we don't have anymore. So we do need those plants to run consistently all the time. And for the most part, we believe they do now and I think those have been big improvements to how we can keep our costs at a much lower level.
Joc O'Rourke: Thanks, John. Interesting and I guess the Belarus sanctions were - I'm going to call them relatively toothless. They didn't have very much fight to them in the basis that they didn't include what were the most of the main grades of potash. I think the only affected about 20% of the industrial potash that Belarus might have sold. So other than the slap on the wrist, it really wasn't much of a restriction to the Belarusians. And with food security concerns in the mix, I'm not surprised by that. Compare that to the CBD which was - I mean, the countervailing duty case was all about unfair subsidies. And really taking advantage of those unfair subsidies to impact the market and particularly harm the U.S. producers. So I think very, very different situations and drivers. But what I would say about the CBD and I think I've said this in my opening remarks is now with the CBD, what we're seeing is we're seeing a number of new countries and companies importing into the U.S. And we're seeing the market run at essentially parodied other major markets, which I think is what we expect, in the case of Russia. I mean, it was simply a political statement to hopefully put pressure on Lukashenko to do something about some of their human rights issues.
Joc O'Rourke: Just like to highlight that the Chinese contract is probably $100 lower than the Asian price. So that really makes it difficult for them to receive the product they need at these prices - at those prices.
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you, Adrian. Well, our belief is that yes in fact, the volumes are relatively low inventories in Brazil. Obviously, with the price is what we shop on our books will be slightly higher than normal because of the price of the product. But yes, the prices are - the inventory is lower than usual, although it is of course built up for expectations of a strong third quarter where we do deliver most of our product. So our expectation for the third quarter will be very strong in in Brazil. What we expect to see there is with the drought conditions, planting maybe a little later. So it might push the purchases back slightly, but there will be higher prices and pretty strong demand for fertilizer in this third quarter and probably heading into fourth quarter.
Joc O'Rourke: Yeah, thanks, Michael. Great couple of questions. The way we report the earnings and our distribution business. Of course we're purchasing from Competex [ph] and within the market. So what you can expect there is us to have an ongoing position, if you will. And so in cases of a rising market like we see today, there's no question we will have a positioning game. And our product management team is very efficient at making sure that we understand the market so that we take the positions and can realize as much greater margin as possible. And certainly in this environment, we're able to execute on that and take advantage of that district margins. The second part of your question, I mean, comes to an important piece of our whole investment thesis in Brazil, which is to compete in Brazil, being in country and having that transportation advantage is a great thing, both from a cost perspective. And so if you look at our in country production, it's very competitive on a cost basis. It's also competitive - our overall is competitive on a logistics basis because we can really take advantage of moving product more effectively than if we had - didn't have the assets we have.
Joc O'Rourke: Joel, thanks for the question. Let me start by saying first of all, the liquidity question is very seasonal. We're not selling a lot in North America right now. I think we had a crew that was at the Southwest Conference recently. And most of our North American customers are probably 70% to 75% supplied for the fall season. So in that sense, there's not a whole lot of activity except for delivering on previous contracts. If you think about some of the other areas, there's liquidity and there's liquidity in Indonesia, Malaysia, in some of the Asian countries, that would be sort of more normal. And then if you look at Brazil again, we're sort of between seasons a little business been a bit slow. So I would say, it hasn't been a particularly liquid market at this stage. But that is not a typical for this time of year.
Joc O'Rourke: Well, I would like to thank everyone for joining us on this call. I will say it has been a strong quarter for us. And as we look forward, we still see strength going forwards. We continue to drive for improvements in our operating performance. The markets continue to be positive for that. And with that, we believe we are well positioned for continued performance as we go forward. So thank you for joining our call. Please have a safe day. Go get vaccinated. Take care.
Jenny Wang: Sure, Joc. PJ, you're right. We have seen the Chinese exports of a phosphate probably urea, as well have increased in the first half of the year, driven by very strong international market. The demand was so strong and it's a pure economics driven. As a result of that the Chinese government has been growing concerns over the supply availability for the domestic market as well as the raising prices for the domestic market as well. So as a result of this concern, the NDRC they called the Ministry in China Development - The National Development and Reform Committee has required the major producers of nitrogen and phosphate to meet basically the guidance NDRC to the major producers where you guys need to stop export. And you need to prioritize your supply to the domestic market and also supervise the price. We know why they do it. They need to maximize the production in China. So that's their priority. So at this moment, NDRC's requests are kind of soft regulation, requests are mainly to the state-owned enterprises. How these major producers are going to comply and the follow the guidance from NDRC? The government is closely watching it. And they're looking at whether the domestic supply is being improved and if the prices have been civilized. And if the situation is not believed to be improved over the next period of time, we may see a very hard measurement to be taken by NDRC. The reason that we have that confidence one is coming from the other industry, if you pay attention to the steel industry, which are the Chinese government imposed exports tax in May. And then that was not strong enough at the time and yesterday, they hiked exports tax again. So that's one of the measurements that NDRC has taken to the steel export. Whether they could do the same to phosphate and possibly to urea, that will really be depending on how much export is coming up over the next two months. We will see the significant slowdown will come in from September and Q4 because the export in July and August probably has been committed earlier before this request was sent by NDRC. Over to you.
Jenny Wang: Sure. Specific port inventory, as of today, we see it is below 2.3 million tonnes. This is 35% lower than the same time of last year. So if you recall, the national reserve itself is 1.5 million. So the available tonnes really is really minimal. So that's just to support Joc's earlier comment. With a very strong demand domestically in China, strong spring has drawdown the inventory. And also, we believe import in the second half world will be largely slower down. So we foresee the buyers, the importers will have to come to the table for a negotiation of a new contract sooner than many would have expected.
Jenny Wang: No, I think you get this covered. We believe with the ag commodity prices, not only corn, soybean, but also the palm oil prices for Malaysia, Indonesia, and other crops. We believe the demand to potash next year will continue to grow very strongly. The supply is likely going to be limitations factor.
