James O'Rourke: Thank you, Clint. There was no question the market conditions have been difficult for the first half of this year. And that the impact on the full-year will be real. We have solid strategic momentum; markets notwithstanding; we have improved our cost base and our operating efficiency; we have successfully integrated and transformed a compelling acquisition in the world's most promising agricultural market. We are just beginning to realize the very long-term benefit of the new Esterhazy K3 potash mine and we are performing at a very high level across the organization. We expect the current supply and demand situation will come into balance and as it does Mosaic will remain in excellent position to benefit. Now we will take your questions 
James O'Rourke: And let me just remind you that we're going to be bringing back Tapira and Araxá just in time for the big season coming up. So we think our B2B business is going to be in very good shape as well to take advantage.
James O'Rourke: Thanks. I think both of those are really good opportunities for us. First one, expanding our distribution platform itself and capturing a bigger piece of that overall market is a really good opportunity for us. But obviously expanding and using those platforms for other commodities is another growth opportunity. We got into Brazil on the basis. We believe it's one of the best agricultural regions in the world growing at a great rate and we fully think we're a first-mover in there and we're going to take advantage of that first-mover advantage.
James O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks, John. Look, the split between the third and fourth quarter, as you said, normally we would expect them to be just as last year, which is a third quarter, slightly bigger than the fourth. But I think this year, we have still another somewhere around $40 million of raw material pricing for rock and whatnot that we had to import for the dams. So overall, volumes are going to be up. But we're going to still be absorbing a little bit of the dam cost for another quarter.
James O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Jonas. Let me hand this to Corrine in a second here. But I'll just let me give you the high level. Obviously, we did take capacity out in Q1 and into Q2, which you see in our sales results. And as such, our inventory build probably isn't as big as some of the others and also means that we want to be ready for – what comes up in a big third and fourth quarter. So we think for ourselves at least in our market position, those tons are needed. We don't believe that the demand picture is a long-term demand issue. It was a short-term thing driven by a bad U.S. spring.
James O'Rourke: Yes. If I can just add, I mean we were hearing numbers of a corn plant of maybe 95 plus million acres next spring. If we're going to have that level of planting, it'll suck up the inventory very quickly.
James O'Rourke: Okay. Thanks, Adam. Let me say, yes, first of all, the cargos from some of our competitors that kept coming into NOLA. I suppose some of that might be a misunderstanding or a missed prediction of what the spring would do, but there's no question these unpriced tons that are just shipped into these markets are pretty disruptive. And I think that's kind of the nature of that beast. So it really will take the tightening of the market to reverse that. But hopefully the tightening will come soon and that's good. In terms of the cost curve, we don't have – I don't think we have a good cost curve in this business, but let me give you a couple of benchmarks, so I can kind of touch on. First of all, our main North American competitor reported a couple of weeks back or a week ago. They had in their Phosphate business cash margin of zero. The Chinese players are calculations; they have negative cash margins right now. At least on modern two, I think Clint mentioned our equity earnings will be negative to about $50 million this year. I don't have information on the North Africans or the Russians, but clearly a big chunk of the cost curve is either breaking even or losing money in this market. So that really tells you that the pressure upwards on price is not far away.
James O'Rourke: Sure, Joan. We didn't really give a time frame on what we would idle Colonsay from. Clearly it's a temporary idling and it's really more than anything, let's call it a cash preservation opportunity. Esterhazy K3 is ramping up very successfully, which will give us incremental tons. We had some inventory and so we felt with existing predictions we would make this year without needing any incremental tons from Colonsay. Now that could change if the markets in the fall are better than we think. Colonsay may come up earlier, but we had planned somewhere around the end of the year being kind of our target for where we felt comfortable that with plants today that plant could be shutdown. But let me highlight, Colonsay is a 2 million ton, $100 a ton cash cost producer, and at 2 million tons it would be much better than that. We've been running at less than capacity. So that represents an incredible level of flexibility in the surge that we have available for us in a better market.
James O'Rourke: Well, let me give you two things unnecessarily. Prices move up, which is our expectation. First of all, your mix will change if you think about it first half the year more focused on Asia, less on U.S. for potash as an example, while potash and phosphates probably, but potash in particular, now we're going to have a big North American fall and Brazil coming into season, those are premium grades or whatever blend grade, potash would sales for a higher price in phosphates. We've just said a 10 million new acres – our 10 million acres not planters. So we expect the farmer to really be pushing for higher acreage and that will mean higher volumes, which really drives a positive price pressure for. So we, I felt that was a reasonable level between the bear case and the bold case. And we were transparent about what the assumptions we used.
James O'Rourke: Well, let me answer the first ones – second one, first Ben. No, I can't really talk about the alternative uses because we are in negotiation with other parties for what we might do with that. CapEx there would not be anything for us. It would be something for somebody else. The idea would be that rather than turning down the plant, we would actually repurpose the plant and they're active negotiations there. In terms of unallocated capital, I think I'll just hand that straight over to Clint to give you a little background.
James O'Rourke: And recognized the weaker currency does help their cash cost slightly, but it also incense them to grow more in country, which should incent in country demand.
James O'Rourke: Okay. If there are no more questions, I want to conclude our call. And let me emphasize a couple of key points. First, we are executing very well. We have transformed our cost structures and operating efficiencies in each of our business units and that work is delivering meaningful benefits regardless of the markets. Mosaic today is stronger and more resilient than any time in our history. Secondly, we're making major progress on key initiatives. Our Brazilian mines will be back and full of operations this month and our new K3 mine at Esterhazy is ramping up as expected and that has given us extremely good flexibility in our Potash business. Finally, we expect much stronger market fundamentals to immersion as we move into 2020 and we expect Mosaic and its shareholders to benefit from our work to strengthen the Company as markets improve. Thank you for joining our call today and have a great day.
Clint Freeland: Okay. Thanks Chris. Let me start with both the price of ammonia in the market and the price of sulfur in the market have come down significantly. One of the challenges for us today is with the market being slower, it takes longer for that raw material to move through our product into goods for sale, and then finally into our sales and cost of goods. So that takes time. At the best of time, we figure that takes at least six weeks for ammonia and probably more like three months for sulfur. In this case, it's probably three months plus for both of them. So you've got to take a quite a while. If we look just at next month's prices or sorry, next quarters prices that we have seen today, I think we're expecting to be down in the range of $20 to $25 a ton just on flow through of these cost of goods. But that's going to take some time and that's going to take when the consumption comes through. So overall, we expect stripping margins to improve because of raw materials. But luckily that won't – likely, that won't come till the end of the third quarter or even into the fourth quarter before we see the meaningful drop translated into cost of goods.
Clint Freeland: Sure. Hi, Duffy, this is Clint. So on Plant City, as that facility has been kept an idle status, the total idle cost associated with that has been about $50 million a year, about half of that is depreciation, half of that is cash. Now that it has been formerly closed and now we're going into ARO work that $50 million running through the P&L will be reduced to about $10 million, again about half of that on depreciation, about half of that in cash. So certainly it will be beneficial to the P&L. As we go into ARO work, I think what we've said historically is that that would be roughly an average of, call it $20 million a year over the first five years. So I think from a cash standpoint, you're probably fairly flat from a P&L standpoint, you will see an improvement. And then back to Colonsay, again I think you need to separate cash versus P&L impact. I think as we've talked about a little bit earlier, we will continue to sell down the inventory at that facility. And so while we do expect to see, call it $40 million to $50 million in cash benefit this year as it relates to the P&L in the flow through of costs. In the near-term, we only think that there will be about a $5 million P&L benefit. However, as that inventory is fully sold and then we switched to selling the inventory coming out of K3, that $40 million to $50 million cash benefit will now P&L benefit. But that'll be – a little bit more delayed.
Clint Freeland: Yes. The one thing I would add to that, Jeff, and I think I alluded to it in my comments a little bit earlier. Is that one of the things that we're trying to do to improve that blended cost for ammonia is to be able to use more of our internally produced ammonia out of Louisiana. And so one of the things that we're doing is we're making a modest investment, in a dock in the Louisiana that will allow us to transport more of that ammonia from Louisiana to Florida to use in our operations. That again, should, allow us to bring down that average cost because that is the lowest cost source that we have. And we would expect that project to be done by the end of this year. So we should start to see benefits from that in 2020.
Clint Freeland: Hi, Ben. I don't think our thinking on that really has changed. I think as we look out to the balance of the year and even into 2020. I think we are going to look to, certainly continued to look at different investments we're going to take into consideration where share prices and look to be sure that we're allocating capital to the highest risk adjusted opportunities that are available. I think our balance sheet is in a pretty good spot as we've spoken about before. So I think we can look at those other two alternatives. With that said, we have said that we want to have the cash on our balance sheet and available before we actually allocate it. So at this point, I would say that we're not there yet, but when we are there, those are the things that we would be looking at.
