James C. O'Rourke: Thanks, Andrew, Joc here. Yes. Certainly, I'll hand it over to Rick to talk about this a little bit. But in the first quarter, we expected this to be a seasonally-slower than average, which is one of the reasons why the price doesn't improve as quickly as all of that and, of course, it's the timing of the sales. At this point in the quarter, we're largely committed for the whole quarter, which means that it's going to take some time for that new pricing to run through the system. I'm going just to hand it over to Rick to just give some details on that.
James C. O'Rourke: Thanks, Jonas. Good morning. Yeah, first of all, look, we've long said we think Brazil is a very attractive market. I think this result that we had in the fourth quarter really reflects Brazil overall. I think the numbers are out now. There was 34 million-plus tonnes of fertilizer delivered to Brazil this year or in Brazil this year, which is another record. It continues to grow at 4% or 5%. The one standout for us versus the rest was, of course, our performance of MicroEssentials. We really were able to capitalize on our ADM acquisition and take big advantage of our growing footprint there. And how it's going to fit in with Vale, I mean, we think they're very complementary. Again, after a long-winded introduction, I'm going to give it over to Rick to talk a little bit more about the Vale and how we see those two fitting together.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay. Thanks, John. I'm going to hand that straight over to Mike Rahm. Dr. Rahm does a lot of work in this area. And I think he probably has a pretty good handle on where those costs mean for China.
James C. O'Rourke: And I'll just add here, we do expect some K+S tonnage, but they're not going to come, we don't believe, till quite late in the late. And when they come, we'll deal with that. The other comment to make here is, yes, Rocanville will come on with new tonnage, but we will also have an increase due to our Belle Plaine proving run, which we've just completed.
James C. O'Rourke: Thanks, Matthew. So, just to unpack our CapEx, as you say, we've done a lot of work to reduce our ongoing sustaining capital. We've made a real point of taking that down to, let's say, the $500 million range, which means that probably the big ones are still the major capital items that are still to spend. Those include, probably, we'll be coming to the end of Ma'aden this year. I think there's a couple hundred million dollars left to spend there that we'll see. And then, of course, we have K3. K3, we are actually, as per my comments in the start, hitting ore at K3 if not next week, probably within the next couple of weeks. So, we're largely through the major cost of building the shaft and sinking the shaft. So, it'll be fitting out the shaft. It'll be running conveyors over to K1 and K2. And then it will be – most of the development work, which will be to turn the hole in the ground into an operating mine. On that, we expect to spend somewhere in the range of the $150 million to $200 million a year for the next three or four years doing just those activities. And then, that'll probably come to an end not until likely early next decade. Your question on brine, I'd just like to say on brine, I mean, we've guided $160 million, $180 million which might be slightly conservative against this year. There's a high level of uncertainty in brine, depending on what Mother Nature throws at us. If we get a higher brine inflow rate for a period of time, we will spend a little more money addressing that. So, we've had a good year this year, from that perspective. And if all goes well, we'll spend the same or even less. But if there's a brine inflow, we will have to address it. So, that was the reason for the range on our guidance.
James C. O'Rourke: I just want to say with this industrial, the other aspect of the industrial is because it lags, we've seen better than agricultural prices for the last six months. And as you hit the bottom, it will end up with a three to six month lag as we go up the market. But, overall, like I say, it'll fall off. In terms of percentage, 10% of our overall potash sales are industrial.
James C. O'Rourke: Sure. Thanks, Adam. Again, we're going to let Mike go through the S&Ds of the India phosphate market. Maybe Rick can talk about a little more of the near-term stuff and the regional distribution of the potash.
James C. O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Michael. I'm going to make a little bit of a different comment, which is that really from Mosaic's perspective and certainly for Canpotex and the rest of them, we are very reluctant to talk a whole lot about that China contract. There's active negotiations. We understand that those will start after Chinese New Year, which is this week. But beyond that, really, I prefer not to speculate on that because I think that actually effects the negotiations themselves. And so, I'm going to take a pass. I know it's a different approach from others in the past. But also, from our perspective, A, it effects those negotiations, which I don't like. But what I can tell you is demand around the rest of the world is really good right now. As was mentioned earlier, Canpotex is fully committed for the first quarter. So, we're not in a huge rush in. And I got to tell you, although China is a benchmark contract, it's not as relevant as it once was, certainly not for us because there's a lot of other material that we move around the world. Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay. Thanks, P.J. So, yes, Vale is a production business. They have their own customers, which are, in a large part, different than our customers. So, their servicing slightly different places in the country and in a slightly different way. A matter of fact, we are one of their large customers already. So, there is good synergy there. Our goal will be to as we look at Brazil, we'll be looking at it as holistically as we possibly can. So, there will be times when it may pull more of Mosaic's product from North America through, but we also have opportunity to pull more of Vale domestic product through our own distribution system. So, I think it works both ways and I think there is a real opportunity to optimize the net-backs overall to Mosaic. In terms of demonetization, our view is it probably hasn't had a big impact because there has been substantial and steady demand. Rick's in charge of our International Distribution, so he might have a little more to say on it, but, overall, our belief is that has been minimal impact.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay. So, I would now like to close our call. And to close, I just want to reiterate our key themes. First, Mosaic is executing across all of our businesses and all around the world at a very high level. Second, the markets are improving, whether they're fast or slow, but they are improving month-over-month, week-over-week. And, third, Mosaic is in an excellent position to capitalize on better business conditions. We are working to maximize the opportunities with Vale Fertilizantes acquisition and what that acquisition will provide, while managing costs, preserving capital, so that we can create long-term shareholder value. We look forward to providing you with a more detailed look at our strategy and progress at our Analyst Day at the New York Stock Exchange on April 12. So, thank you for joining our call. Have a great day.
Richard N. McLellan: I think the only thing that I'd add is when we take a look at what we saw in the last year at this time, there is less inventory, both in our hands as well as in distributors' hands around the world, which we're showing that, a very good first quarter forecast for both P&K. But the second quarter, we're not catching up to people that want to charge distribution systems, that – and buyers that have been buying hand-to-mouth. So it'll be interesting to see what happens in that typically slow Q3 period, to see if inventories have caught up to demand.
Richard N. McLellan: Yeah, Joc. Thanks. The acquisition of the Vale business is going to, as Joc says, fit really well to what we have. One, it's complementary as far as areas where we have not built solid market positions. That's one. But I think the bigger issue for us as we look at this, Joc and I just came back from a week of visiting all the Vale assets and the senior leadership at each of the facilities. And we walked away with what we believed, but a lot more confidence in the fact that we've got good long-term assets that we're going to have that are going to allow us to grow. The people we met, that are leading these businesses, are good, solid. We have good solid people coming to join us. And you just walk away after traveling through Brazil and visiting with people in agriculture about just what the opportunities to grow in that market will be. And, frankly, we'll be very well-positioned with assets, people and Mosaic's products like MicroEssentials.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes. The only thing that I would add is, for us, the feed market is about 5% of our total phosphates. It's a good segment for us. We're set up with some of the major integrators in North America and around the world. And, yes, we've seen pressure in the short-term, but that comes and goes. Our customers are long-term and we have good agreements in place with them.
Richard N. McLellan: Yeah. The only thing that I would add, Graeme, is that we are building a specific tug and barge to move the ammonia from their plant to Tampa. And I think we said that that's been delayed. So, we've developed workarounds with CF for the first half, and we expect to begin pulling product in the back half of the year.
Richard N. McLellan: Yeah. P.J., we saw a lot of talk about how big the impact was going to be on kind of November and December shipments of demonetization. And, frankly, November was a record for shipments in India in-country. And, as Mike commented, our group says we pulled down inventories at the retail level to a position of bone-dry and so, frankly, a lot of noise, but, in effect, not much impact.
Michael R. Rahm: Sure. Thanks, Joc, and good morning, John. I think as we indicated, we're guiding exports at 7 million to 8 million tonnes next year, so that indicates that we expect that there will be further declines in phosphate production in China; can't get into too many details in terms of the nature of their cost curve, but, as you know, it's a very, very cost diverse industry. And, as we mentioned in some of the prepared remarks, the government has reported 70% of phosphate companies there are losing money. So, we do expect further reductions in both production and exports. And it translates into about a 2 million tonne drop in exports in our view of in 2017.
Michael R. Rahm: Sure. Yeah. We're projecting, as we said, a 2.6 million tonne increase in global shipments. We think Canpotex probably will capture about half of that. So, if you think of a 1.3 million tonne potential increase in Canpotex shipments, our share, our entitlement first half of the year for Canpotex is 38.1%. We think after the completion of our Belle Plaine proving run as well as the completion of Rocanville, that will drop a bit. We're using a little bit over 37% average for 2017. So, if do that math, that's about a, say, a 450,000 to 500,000 tonne increase in shipments through Canpotex. And then in the domestic market, we think there's probably a little bit of upside there in terms of demand, plus we're seeing a nice rebound in our K-Mag sales. So, you add 500,000 tonnes with a couple hundred thousand tonne increase in North American MOP and K-Mag sales and you land right in the middle of our guidance range.
Michael R. Rahm: Don, you hit on all the critical swing factors, I think, in the phosphate business. Throw in crop prices, and I think you got all of them. But those are tough questions. As we said earlier, there are some uncertainties. We do think that the changes in China are driven, to some extent, by economics, but I think there are also very powerful industry associations that understand that restructuring has to take place. We've often referred to the May meeting of their phosphate association, where they have indicated that they think 3 million tonnes of capacity in P205 terms needs to be shut down. And so, yeah, economics will play a factor in this. But I think there are other things at work there that will achieve the objectives that the industry association has stated. And then I think Joc has covered the new capacity coming on later in the year. That certainly is an issue that we'll monitor very closely. The only thing I would add is that in terms of OCP's capacity, I mean, they have done a very good job developing demand for those hubs. And their sales in Africa have been outstanding, and that market continues to grow. I think there's also issues in terms of how quickly they can get tonnes out into the market. I think right now, we're seeing loading delays out of Jorf. And it's almost reminiscent of what happened in 2014 where all of a sudden, you had buyers come to the market realizing that the bottom was in, and you had this big, big surge in demand, and all of a sudden, the realization that there are some loading constraints. So I think there are a lot of things at play right now. But bottom line, you identified key risk factors, but, at this point in time, we still feel pretty good about the outlook for phosphate, but we'll monitor these closely throughout the year.
Michael R. Rahm: All right. Good morning, Oliver. Yeah, there has been some pressure in the rock market, but I think things are stabilizing a bit. I just read the results of, I think, of Bangladesh tender here this morning for 72% rock netting back to about $100 both in Jordan and Morocco. So, I think many of those fundamentals have played out. And our assessment is that the rock market is probably going to stabilize here for most of the year.
Michael R. Rahm: Yes, certainly. Well, as you know, imports and shipments in India were off this year as they drew down stocks. Now, we think that that process is largely behind them. Inventories have been pulled down. We're projecting that shipments in 2017 will rebound a bit to kind of that 9.3 million to 9.5 million tonne range, up from about 9.2 million this year. And that imports will rebound from less than 5 million tonnes, about 4.8 million I think is our current estimate for last year, to about 5.3 million. And I think the key feature in India is that, as you know, they just announced their preliminary subsidy. And that was positive, I think, for both P&K in terms of a larger number of rupees allocated to that. So, I think some of that reflects the anticipation of these greater volumes. So they're facilitating, I think, import economics. So we think we that India is on the upswing. On-farm economics there are just fine. And the rupee has seemed to stabilize a bit. And all the kind of stars and moons are aligned for a recovery there. And I guess the real important part, I think, is just the pipeline, both P&K visible inventories have pulled down, but our team in India has used the term bone-dry to describe what they think are retail inventories at the literally thousands of small shops throughout India. So, we have factored in increases, and I think we're on the upswing and a positive trajectory there. And if anything, we think there may be a little bit more upside than what we currently have in our forecast.
