Mike Rahm: Not a whole lot to add, but if the Chinese keep up this pace of about 1 million to 1.2 million tonne less exports, it basically is about – our number show about 1 million to 1.5 million tonne hole in the global S&D that needs to be filled from somewhere else. So it just reiterates Joc's point that we haven't factored in a dramatic decline in Chinese exports in order to balance the market.
Mike Rahm: Yeah. We do calculate a benchmark stripping margin based on published spot prices. And from January 2016 to the end of last year, that margin traded in a pretty narrow channel, in that $225 to $250 range. And what we said I think on last call is that we think fundamentals have changed, as Corrine pointed out, to move that up into kind of that $275 to $300 channel. And indeed, if you look at the stripping margin I think last week was approaching $290. So we have moved up basis these fundamentals. And as we look out for the rest of the year, we're seeing good price momentum in key markets, whether it's Brazil or India. And the outlook for raw material costs with some additional ammonia coming online and sulfur market coming to better balance I think bodes well for margins in the last half of the year.
Mike Rahm: Yeah. Good morning, Don. I think the best way to answer that is just looking at demand growth, some of the supply adjustments and what is the overall supply and demand balance that we see. We're projecting that demand for the main phosphate products grows about 1.2 million tonnes. And if you look at some of the supply changes, we've taken about 1.5 million tonnes offline with the Plant City idling. And when you look at the ramp-ups of capacity, the Jorf Phosphate Hub will produce a few more tonnes – hub number three will produce a few more tonnes this year. The fourth hub, the startup of that has been delayed probably until the second half of the year. But you probably can squeeze maybe 900,000 tonnes or 1 million tonnes out of there. And then the MPC ramp up, I think we've indicated last time that in 2017 it produced about 477,000 tonnes. We think it will produce 1.5 million to 2 million tonnes this year, so there's an incremental tonnage there. And then if the Chinese continue along this pace where exports are off 1 million tonnes, that basically results in about 1.5 million-tonne supply gap for 2018. And that's why going back to the previous question, we're not predicting that the world runs out of phosphate. But what we are predicting is that the supply and demand balance is such that you're going to have to see somewhat elevated prices and margins maybe to crimp a little bit of the demand growth, but also stimulate a little bit more supply coming from established producers, whether it's in the U.S. or other places.
Mike Rahm: Sure. Hey. Good morning, Michael. Yeah, we got off to a slow start, but we're rapidly catching up. You probably saw the planting progress numbers from yesterday. The corn planting as of Sunday was 39% complete, soybean planting about 15% complete. The corn planting is still running a little bit behind the five-year average, but if you look at some key states like Illinois, Indiana, they are running well ahead of the five-year average. And in the case of soybeans, we're off to actually a faster start than normal in terms of planting. So, as Joc said, farmers can sink seeds into the soil pretty quickly with the current technology. The other point is, all of the feedback that we're getting from our account managers is very positive in terms of farmers applying rates at normal or even above normal rates. And as we've been saying for a long time, the demand drivers continue to look very strong. The world's and North America's harvested big crops. There's a need to replenish those nutrients. And secondly, when you look at the affordability index, P&K continue to be good buys for farmers and we think that they are actually rebuilding some rates and with higher yield objectives, in some cases, increasing rates. So the season is really shifting into high gear as we move a little bit further north and the weather cooperates. So I think it's going to be a great spring season.
Mike Rahm: Hey. Good morning, Jacob. Yeah, potash demand continues to look very robust, as you probably know from the recent statistics. We estimate the demand increased about almost 7% in 2017 or over 4 million tonnes to 65 million tonnes. We think we'll see another 2.6% or 1.7-million-tonne increase in 2018. And again, demand growth is fairly broad-based. We do think China, after imports being down and implied shipments being down a little bit in 2017 or at least at lower levels, we'll see a nice rebound there this year. And then across the board increases, led by everywhere from Brazil where we expect continued growth in demand as soybean acres continue to increase a little bit there; Indonesia, Malaysia, all of the majors accounting for the bulk of the growth. But the bottom line is we think 2.6%, which is right in line with our long-term CAGR of about 2.5% over the next five years.
Corrine D. Ricard: Yeah. I would just reiterate the global demand growth is very strong. It was strong last year. It's very strong this year. We're forecasting about 1.8% further growth really led by demand in India, Brazil, Asia, Oceania and Africa really strong growth numbers. We've also seen supply adjustments that Joc talked about with the Plant City idling, but also we've had much slower ramp-ups than expected out of Saudi Arabia and out of Morocco, and that combined with these lower Chinese exports are creating a pretty tight S&D. And so we've seen stripping margins at a healthy level for Q1 and we actually are guiding to a little bit higher industry stripping margins in the balance of the year.
Corrine D. Ricard: Yeah. I don't have much to add to that, Joc. It will be relatively even paced throughout the year. We've got our own dedicated logistics shipping and that requires a steady take pattern.
Corrine D. Ricard: Sure. As Mike noted, spring season is making up the pace pretty nicely at this point in the quarter. We do have some weather and rail-related tonnage amounts that flipped from first quarter we think into the balance of the year. But our guidance for the year, as Joc said, is unchanged. We think we'll get that volume back. Canpotex is sold through June. That's a combination of limitations, both the ability for producers to supply those tonnes given the big North American spring season that's going on as well as some rail import logistics. Over the long term, it absolutely – we are working on ways to improve that capacity. So there is more capacity for exports in the future. And I guess, Brazil, you want to turn that over, Joc, to...
Corrine D. Ricard: I would just add, Joc, great point. We are seeing strong MicroEssentials growth, both in North America but also globally. It's interesting to see the very rapid pace of growth in our MicroEssentials and really all of our premium products internationally as well as in North America. Additionally, on price, the market in pricing premiums remain intact for these products. They truly are adding value for farmers. And so I think that's what's really driving the price premiums we've been able to realize and the demand growth. And Joc is right. It will not be long before we are debating about expanding further for our production capability.
Corrine D. Ricard: Yeah. And I do not have an exact split on the Canpotex proportion that is CP versus CN. Certainly, for Mosaic, we have a contract with CP, and that's our primary carrier. And for potash demand, I'll hand it off to Mike.
James C. O'Rourke: Thanks, Don. I'm going to hand that straight to Mike because those I think are straight in his wheelhouse.
James C. O'Rourke: Yeah. Thanks, Adam. Look, what we're probably seeing today in terms of our EPS outlook going up is as we get more into the year, we're seeing stronger potash and phosphate fundamentals. In potash, we're seeing a good demand picture, low global inventories, which I could throw at Mike for a second, but also expectations that what we're not seeing in the market is a lot of the new production yet. And so, as we get further along in the year, we have more confidence that that will be later on to come. And it's virtually the same for phosphates where we see great demand around the world and slower to come on new production. So, what we don't expect to see is any kind of post-season weakness that we might have, had there been more new production coming in. So, really, that's what's driving it. And then, of course, as we've now got three to five months in Brazil versus one month at our last earnings call, we now have a much greater faith in achieving our $100 million of synergies plus the tailwinds of both better pricing and better Brazilian reais. And I might throw that to Tony in terms of the reais impact.
James C. O'Rourke: So, Adam, to summarize, really, it's more confidence in the future of this year and going into the second half of this year than we were able to have at the start of the year.
James C. O'Rourke: Yeah. Let me just summarize that. I think over 10% or around 10% of our total synergies and run rate for this year will be created through transportation and logistics, particularly the optimization, as Rick said, of the new freight grid and, of course, the optimization of the use of the Port of TIPLAM.
James C. O'Rourke: And your next question, Mark, was on the MicroEssentials trends, and I'm going to get Corrine to talk about it. But I will say that product continues to do very well, continues to grow and I suspect it will not be that long until production limitations become the limitation to growth again.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay. Thanks, Jacob. Let me start by saying we have a contract for North America through CP. Canpotex does do the majority of their haulage through the Canadian Pacific with a good portion – I'm not sure the exact number, Corrine might have the exact number of CN. Clearly, if we're hauling to the East Coast, that is a CN haul. If we're hauling to the West Coast, that is predominantly Canadian Pacific, including if we're hauling to Portland because that is actually Canadian Pacific and then traded off to I think the UP or something, isn't it correct? So, anyway – but I'll get Corrine to answer that, and maybe while she's at it – or Mike, you can answer the global potash demand question after.
James C. O'Rourke: Yeah. And I can say in summary to that, John, as you buy this business, you've got to expect a lot of noise in the first couple of quarters. There's just a lot of things that are changing, as Tony said, whether it's the change in depreciation rates, change in purchase accounting for inventory considerations. But in answer to the other piece of your question, I mean, we must say that if you look at the pro formas, this business was underperforming, and because of that, it's a little different than a normal acquisition.
James C. O'Rourke: Thanks, Oliver. Let me hit that one rather than getting into too much detail on it, but let me summarize. By idling Plant City and optimizing our phosphate production assets, we effectively tightened the supply. And in spite of new supply coming on, we saw the industry benchmarks increase materially. So, at the same time, this action also lowered our production costs and allowed us to continue to meet our customer demand. So, from our perspective, we think that's pretty good. The net result was a significant increase in our profitability across all of our 16 million tonnes that we produce in our phosphate in both Florida and Mosaic Fertilizantes in Brazil. So, all I can say at this stage is we will revisit Plant City in the fourth quarter, but we really feel that what we did there was exactly what we needed to do and what the market needed at the time.
James C. O'Rourke: Well, thanks, Chris. That's a fair bit to cover, the last one we could probably talk about for hours. But let me start about the Brazilian market development. I think over time, northern access and that whole access to the Tocantins area and, call it, Northwest Mato Grosso is a definite it's going to happen. It's a question of when. And I think as it happens, that's one of the big opportunities I think for us particularly on a distribution side because we're going to be a group that can really get in there and be leaders in that space. So I definitely think we are now the production leader in Brazil. We're certainly one of a couple of distribution leaders and I think that relative size compared to the market really allows us to take opportunities that others may not be able to do. So I'm going to hand it to Rick to just talk about this a little bit and he may be able to give you some insight into the politics, although those are pretty muddy.
James C. O'Rourke: The only thing too I will say about Brazil and I think it's worthy of mentioning was you talked about politics is despite the economic, political and lack of reform that they're able to get now with sort of a lame duck government, if you will, with the new election coming this fall, I will say, the ag sector has been a real standout and continues to grow. And I think this Northwest Corridor will really be the next horizon of growth for Brazil and maybe for the world from an agricultural perspective.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay. With that, look, I hear a rumor out there that another company may be reporting today. So I'm going to call it in now and allow you guys to get on with the rest of your day. But, in closing, let me just say a couple of words here which is, first of all, as we look forward this year, we see strong EBITDA growth. We're now guiding to $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion in 2018, which is up about 50% on a midpoint from last year. So we're seeing some real benefits. We're starting to see the Mosaic Fertilizantes take a real stand and we now have gone from expecting it to be somewhat neutral in terms of EPS to now being accretive to probably in the range of $0.05 to $0.10 accretive and contribute in the range of $300 million of EBITDA to our business. So we're really starting to see an investment that is going to quickly show real dividends for the company and a real opportunity for growth into the future. So, overall, with the markets, we're very confident on the year. We're starting to see some changes that we think are important in the ag space and in our space. But let me conclude then with the three – reiterate our key messages. Our business did perform well in the first quarter of the year and we expect strong markets and our good execution to continue through 2018. The work we've done and are doing to transform our potash, phosphates and Fertilizantes business are delivering meaningful long-term value. And as I said earlier, we're ahead of schedule in Brazil and we're really excited for the prospects there. So, overall, Mosaic is executing very well, markets continue to improve and we are generating substantial momentum. Thank you for joining us today. Have a great day.
Anthony T. Brausen: And I'll add just also we are continuing to have the progress from a production standpoint, from an operational efficiency standpoint. We also have the offsets, however, from Q1 and carrying into Q2 the logistics issues, principally the rail issues in Canada. And, of course, you mentioned – Adam, you mentioned a higher tax rate, which also is impacting us to the downside. But we want to note that from a cash tax standpoint, we're not expecting to pay cash taxes this year. So, from a cash flow perspective, that higher tax rate will not impact us.
Anthony T. Brausen: Certainly, Joc. Good morning, Jonas. As Joc said, we'd be thrilled if we're into this territory, but don't expect it. In fact, our full-year guidance would have to be higher if we got into the earn-out/payout levels. And just to illustrate, at today's reais level, which is in the 3.50s, we'd need an average MAP price for the rest of this year approaching $500 for a delivered Brazil. So, again, we're not expecting it to reach that level, but we'd be thrilled if it did.
Anthony T. Brausen: Joc, I think the only thing I'd add is in terms of Joel's question on what's driving the Brazil earnings movements from our prior forecast and I think it's a combination of the synergy realization that's been talked about already, the improved market prices and the devaluation of the reais, which benefits us as well.
Anthony T. Brausen: Certainly, Joc. Good morning, John. You're right. Oftentimes that purchase accounting adjustment heads the opposite direction from – and is typically a tailwind, as you said. In our case – or sorry, it's typically a benefit. In our case, it's a tailwind. And the reason for that is that we revalue all of the inventory at a market value in terms of the inventory that was acquired. So, on the day of the acquisition, back in January, we acquired inventory that had been produced under the Vale Fertilizantes ownership and those production costs were higher than market. And so, as of the date of the acquisition, we record that inventory at a market value, which was lower than that previous production cost. So that results in the benefit that you saw in our results, which we've disclosed. We also revalue all of the assets, as you may know, from a purchase accounting standpoint. So that affects things like depreciation as well as ARO accounting, asset retirement obligation accounting, a variety of things. Every asset and liability is recorded at market. So, there's a number of adjustments. Included in that is the inventory adjustment.
Richard N. McLellan: Yeah. Good morning, Steve. In Brazil, we're seeing some real advantages from all the moves that we make with product. And when we look in Brazil, about 78% of what we move is by truck. And so when we look across our whole business, we've been able to develop synergies – significant synergies, roughly at least $5 million of movements by truck that we're taking advantage of back-hauls with trucks moving to ports, trucks bringing material that we produce to customers. And so the optimization of our overall grid for freight has created some pretty significant advantages. And it's one of the key advantages we find to being both in distribution and production in Brazil.
Richard N. McLellan: Yeah. Good morning, Jonas. One of the things that – a significant takeaway and visitors that we've had through are amazed. We're making some pretty significant changes. We've made structural changes at plants in the first month of operation. We've looked at how we look at shifts, how we look at different – we're changing a lot of things in the business. But the energy from the people to support that change is tremendous. There's quite a bit of support. People see things that need to be changed and needed to be changed. And as we've looked for this $100 million that we're talking about run rate for the first quarter, probably over half of that came from the bottom-up, from the people that are operating our plants that see the changes that need to be made and are willing to step up and say, hey, we should think about doing this different. And this idea of looking to do things different is something we're building on and is really quite exciting to see how this will roll into our busier second and third quarters.
Richard N. McLellan: Well, you've got a pretty good list, Joc. And I think the one thing that we need to go back and talk about is how we expect this to show up in the P&L as earnings. So we expect that during the first half of the year, we'll see about a third of this $100 million go to the P&L and the remainder will be in the back half of the year. I think the key piece that drives that is we make changes to the operations. They first have to go through inventory for us to turn it into cash.
Richard N. McLellan: Are they ever, Joc? Good morning, Chris. I think as you look at northern access to Brazil, it is going to grow. And I think the precursor to that is the grain movements that are going there and year-over-year increase in grain movements has been really quite significant through the northern outlet, which is improving the basis for farmers in the area because they're spending less money on logistics. The back movement of fertilizer hasn't been growing at the pace because there's infrastructure that needs to be developed. That will be developed over the next couple years. But in the position we're in is both in production and distribution across the major production areas we'll definitely be involved in the development of the northern access to the Brazil Cerrados. As far as the politics go, I will stay completely out of it. It's in a state of flux, just like a lot of other countries, and stay tuned. This one is coming fast.
