James O'Rourke: I think the only thing I could add is we are in the process of finalizing the cost, looking at the construction environment in Saskatchewan but the key thing for us, and as we have always said, that these projects have on rounds and off rounds. I do think it’s a matter of if we are going to do the projects. It’s a matter of what's the right timing for Mosaic so if we make a decision, it will be on timing. So we will be talking about delaying not finally cancelling a project.
James O'Rourke: Very good to have you on the call. Good to hear from you. We cant really say much about Ma'aden one. We have not had involvement in that, engagement in that and its best to ask the Ma'aden folks how that’s coming along. It’s a 3 million ton plant. I can tell you that. Our sense is that producing in that 2 million ton a year range and I have little doubt that by the end of this calendar year or sooner they are going to have the capacity if they choose to run it at the 3 million ton range. The Ma'aden two mine is a separate project, part of the investment we are making along with the granulation plant and until we start developing that mine, we won't know for certain, but I am going to ask Joe to speak to some of the issues that we may face in mining.
James O'Rourke: Hey, Jay basically we are just starting out in terms really evaluating long-term processing the rock and everything, so a lot of rock quality isn't what necessarily in how you process it, so I think that's one of the things that Mosaic will bring to the table. We experienced with a range of rocks and rock types and also a range of experiences with respect to how to process that rock into final product. So, in terms the raw quality, we see rock quality is good from what we've seen so far. It's not the same as quality, it's different but in some areas it's better, some areas it's not as good as Florida, but all rocks are slightly different. Second part of your question in terms of what does it mean for Miski Mayo, I recognize that Miski Mayo is a rock mine which supplements our Florida operations, so the Miski Mayo is quite separate we will be producing phosphate product like DAP, etcetera, where at Miski Mayo, we use the rock for Florida operations, so they really don't compete in that sense or they have a fairly separate strategic purpose for Mosaic, so we are committed to diversifying our rock sources in Florida and if the economics and the long-term focus Miski Mayo supports that commitment to Florida, we may go ahead with it despite Ma'aden.
James O'Rourke: In terms of the Bayóvar 2 or the Miski Mayo expansion, I think it's almost too early to talk about. I recognize we have two joint venture partners in that project. We are just getting ramped up to the design rate for Phase 1. We have a lot of what I would call betting in or stabilizing of phase, making sure that that's running well at which point three joint-venture partners and we are the engineering and design, but at that point three joint-venture partners will seriously at the economics and the future of Bayóvar too, including market question. So, that's probably ways off yet before we make that decision.
James Prokopanko: Morning. India, I am going to ask Rick to address, but I'll just leave off with we are seeing a recovery in the Indian economy. There's definitely some impacts, negative impacts from the changes in their subsidy program, but we've seen a good return to potash demand. The phosphate is a little iffy. And I am going to ask Rick to speak to that.
James Prokopanko: Rough connection on your question. I think, what I heard on the first part of the question was, what is going to happen with the Ma'aden tons come on. As Rick mentioned, there's going to be four years off. Those tons are going to be cost advantage given this location into Asia. What that would do is leave more Mosaic products available in North America and the western hemisphere and then to Latin America. Now, it's not all going to be run purely that way. The tons don't all move in one lump sum to one geography, they move all year long, so it's generally going to be Ma'aden directed to Asia, cost advantage for freight reasons. Our tons, there's nobody yet to play in phosphate cheaper onto Latin America or North America in the Mosaic camp. The next question is about the cost structure. I am going to ask Larry to talk about that.
James Prokopanko: Hello, Kurt. With Rick McLellan, having just back from Brazil last week. He is the best answer to that.
James Prokopanko: Good day, Chris. I am going to ask Mike Rahm and Rick McLellan. Mike Rahm, our economist strategy leader to speak to that.
James Prokopanko: Hello, Ben. I'll take your first two questions and I am going to ask Joc to answer the Bayóvar Miski Mayo second question. Important and you raised it to understand that this is a joint venture investment. This isn't purely an equity investment. We are making an equity investment, but we do have claim to 25% of the product that will come through the joint venture, and we will sell that product to customers as we choose to. That will be similar for the partners SABIC as well as the Ma'aden fertilizer. They will sell their share of the fertilizer. The revenues go to the joint venture and we're sharing that profit, and that's how it's going to work. This has nothing to do with Phase 1. This is strictly the Phase 2 project, which is going to be in approximate 3.5 million tons of finished phosphate fertilizer. And Phase 1 will just be kept right out of it. You asked the question how did we get involved in this, we've known the Ma'aden people for some while. Phase 1 just didn't happen. The two organizations didn't get together on that. It was well down the road when those opportunities were there. And as far as technical expertise, we have an understanding between two parties more details yet to be ironed out, but we will be making contributions through know-how and personnel in the design and operation of the Phase 2 facility. Now I am going to move this over to Joc to talk about the timing on Miski Mayo.
James Prokopanko: Ben, I just want to add another item too, which is the Ma'aden Phase 2 project, and you will be hearing more details as we get further into the finalizing of many of the details that are involved but there will be a board of the Ma'aden Phase 2 we are going to have. I guess we will have two members on the board, SABIC will have one, Ma'aden will have four or five. So we are going to be quite involved in the management operations and direction of that investment. Thanks, Ben.
James Prokopanko: Yes, that are the next deferred base. These are the higher cost based projects. The ones we commenced with and started with were the lower per unit CapEx cost, the easier projects, if you will, and the quicker projects. As we go further down, these projects become more complex, become more expensive and I think the only guidance we have given is blended all-in the 5 million tons that we have talked about is going to be in the $5 billion range. So, you are averaging $1,000 $1,200 to a ton. These latter projects are going to be more than the $1,000 a ton average there, so to speak. Some of these were $500 to $600 ton projects, there were some $1,500 ton projects. So it's difficult to say. We are not prepared to say what these latter projects are but suffice to say even these latter projects and certainly the earlier projects these are far, far better than anything you would expect with a greenfield and probably in the range of, at worst case, half the cost of a greenfield project.
James Prokopanko: Excuse me, I am sorry. David, you had a second part, if it's delayed what would CapEx for 2015 be and I am going to ask Larry to speak to that.
James Prokopanko: Hello, Michael. The ammonia expansion you've heard us talk about, I think we are one of the earliest out of the gates on that and it has become a crowded field since then. The point that we are at is that we are continuing our feed or frontend engineering design work. We are going to have that wrapped up over the next, I think, 90 days to be complete. This is a large project. The price range would be for 1 million tons of additional ammonia production, which is a combination of greenfield ammonia plant and debottlenecking expansion of our current approximate 0.5 million tons of production. It's going to range, we think, between $1 billion and $1.2 billion. That's a lot of money. So once we have the final numbers, and that's just our practice, for major expansions like this, we like to have a high confidence in what the final cost is going to be before we make the final call. There has been more to be seen on that. There has been a big gold rush mentality on nitrogen. U.S. imports about 7 million tons to 8 million tons of ammonia a year given the price spread between marginal costs of production, which is Russian gas into Ukrainian plants. That's about equivalent to $8, $9 MMBTU gas prices, so U.S. has a considerable advantage, so 7 million tons or 8 million tons are imported into the U.S., I expect that farmers working we are going to see 7 million to 8 million tons of new capacity come into the U.S. These are long lead time projects. If we made a decision today, we expect it is going to be upwards of four years before we get the first ton of the project out considering all permitting and construction costs, so giving you a long story here to say that it's a long lead time, a lot of things can change, so looking at the final cost over the next few months get a better sense of who is really serious about making these serious $1 dollar-plus investments and we will make the call later in the summer.
Lawrence Stranghoener: One of the great appeals of the Ma'aden investment is that, we believe we will be investing in what will end up being the lowest cost phosphate production operation in the world. And in this business, as you know, being at the low end of the cost curve ultimately wins and so that was a key part of the strategy for us. We're delighted with the partnership we've struck with Ma'aden and with SABIC, and we believe this project will generate very good returns for our shareholders.
Lawrence Stranghoener: Adam, its Larry. All of the trends you mentioned are true and yet they are not strong trends. So what we are seeing is the likelihood of relatively flat performance in phosphates in the fourth quarter. Prices may be down slightly. You are right. Ammonia cost maybe down slightly. We are continuing to see progress on rock cost but when we put the whole mix together, what we are seeing is the likelihood of relatively flat gross margins. As you know, some of the raw material cost trends take some time to work through their way fully through the P&L. So while we are pleased by the trends we are seeing, we don’t expect to see the full impact of those fairly recent trends already in our fourth quarter P&L fully. So positive directions but perhaps not as many fold changes as we might like to see just in this coming fourth quarter
Lawrence Stranghoener: I would suggest that we are trying to give some more guidance on financial policy in mid-May. At that time we will also give some more highlights with respect to long-term CapEx plans. But just keep a couple of things in mind. One is that sustaining capital requirements are probably in the $700 million to $800 million annual range. We will likely face the opportunity to build two new phosphate rock mines beginning later in the decade to the tune of $1 billion dollar each spread out over a number of years. As many of you know, we are still in the final decision-making stages on a new ammonia plant. So, there are a number of items in our CapEx plans that we will be giving more clarity on sometime before the end of this fiscal year. So, my point is, just because we maybe delaying if we choose to do so, our potash expansions, I don't want people to think that our capital expenditures are likely to be declining dramatically. We will give you more color on that soon.
Lawrence Stranghoener: I think, Mark, that we are not looking at only cash available for share repurchases. We have got this great opportunity to rebalance the balance sheet with increased debt. So we will be looking for a combination of debts and available cash for share repurchases. Much of our decision will depend upon circumstances at the time and what is the price of the stock, what is the cost to borrow, what is the aptitude of the other parties to this transaction to participate. So I can't give you any more detail or anymore precision at this point in time. I would simply emphasize the point that we've made many times. And I'll repeat, we have very deliberately built a strong balance sheet to allow us to take advantage of the opportunities we are going to have this summer and whether we are looking at cash on hand, available cash or debt capacity, we've got ample opportunity to return capital to shareholders as well as to continue to invest in our business for growth and for returns.
Mike Rahm: Good morning, Chris. Generally it's been wide spread improvements in most geographies. As you probably know, we are guiding total MLP shipments in the range of 55 million tons to 57 million tons nearly through the first quarter of calendar year 2013. Our estimates are now at the high-end range of the range. Starting in the Americas, we're seeing just outstanding shipments and in North America this past fall. The middle, the quarter here in the December, Jan, February, it was a little bit slower. We saw an uptick late in the quarter. Prospects for our final fiscal quarter as we've indicated guidance are very good. Brazil is probably going to [with] 8 million tons of imports this year and some of the Asian markets after a big drop-off in Indonesia and Malaysia, we think there is a very good rebound there. And if you look at the two big contract markets like China, first half China, if you include the option tonnage has contract for about 3 million tons by vessel, and if they continue to import 200,000 tons to 250,000 tons per month by rail, you can add up about 4 million tons to 4.5 million tons of imports by China in the first half of the year, and I think that either indicates they are front-end loading their purchases or maybe we're on the brink of seeing China break out of that 6 million tons to 6.5 million ton important appetite And even in India. India contracted for close to 4 million tons of product and we have guided I think in the past 3.2 to 3.7 with the 3.5 midpoint estimate or point estimate. And then so, even India is exceeding our expectations in terms of contracting. So, put that all together, I think the probably an underappreciated story is the emergence of a very strong rebound in global potash shipments in 2013.
Mike Rahm: Kevin, we are just going through the final process of finalizing that policy reviewing with the board and we look forward to sharing it sometime in the mid-May timeframe, we think, and then we will give you a much more exact idea at that point in time. I think, for now, I would just remind you of what we said in our prepared comments. We recognize that we have got the opportunity to put more debt on the balance sheet. We intend to do so and we intend to use some of the cash that’s on our balance sheet. So we will certainly have a more efficient balance sheet going forward. I think if you simply look at what the typical credit agency, the rating agencies' metrics are for BBB companies, you would typically see anywhere from two to three times the debt to EBITDA leverages as being typical for AAA or for BBB companies. I think in our industry, they would be a little bit more conservative than that. So we will use those as guidelines as we finalize this policy. But please be a little bit patient, give us a little more time and look for us to provide you more detain in the mid-May timeframe.
Mike Rahm: Hi, good morning, Don. I guess I would take exception to the view that product prices haven’t moved. If you look at what's happened in Brazil, right after the settlement of the China contract in the 400 range and the Indian contract in the 427 range, prices traded down and Brazil, the most active spot market into that 410 to 420 range. Today, our product is moving into that market at 440 and offers for the April, May June period, the gut slide of their big import period are up in the 450 to 460 range. So we have always said the larger than expected baseload contracts to China and India probably set the stage for fundamentals to play out and then as they play out and we see this rebound in demand this year, we are seeing some decent price appreciation. In North America we think these recent developments have set a floor under North American prices which had traded at a premium to some of the international values. So I think when you look at the projected stocks of North American producers, while they remain elevated today with the exports of sales on the books by Canpotex, plus the outlook for a very strong fourth fiscal quarter for Mosaic. We see those inventories getting pulled down to normal levels. So I think that will help support the price momentum that we see right now. In terms of the U.S. acreage report, we are all excited about the release here in a few hours. In terms of acreage, we are in that 97 million to 97.5 million acre range. I think the consensus is right in that range as well. As far as the expected yield, I think the short answer to that is, no one knows what that is going to be. We went back and looked at what's happened to yields following the last three major droughts, in 1983, 1988 and again in 1993. And in each of the years following those droughts, we saw a very strong rebound back to trend. And so, I think, yield is going to depend largely on rainfall and growing degree days this summer and I think that's the bottom line and I'd like some of the analyst views that everyone's growing a very large crop in their spread sheets and we are not going to know what's going to happen until we see how weather plays out, so its' far too early I think to make a call. I think one of the things that's happened is that with the improvement in moisture conditions, there's less concern of drought, but that has raised all of set of issues looking at late spring as everyone is aware. I think last week rather than ice melting what happened ice was forming and now the first barge is expected to arrive in same fall somewhere the week of April 20th. So, we sort of transitioned here from a concern about drought to late planting, the potential for serious flooding in many parts of North America. And bottom line is to a great extent our fate is in the hands of mother nature and we simply don't know how that's going to play out yet.
Mike Rahm: Hi. Good morning, Matthew. This is Mike Rahm. Yes. In terms of our global phosphate shipment forecast, we have not changed that we are still in that 63 to 65 range through the first quarter of the year, basis our current point estimate we are kind of right in the middle that range. I think with the exception of India, it's pretty much the same story. Starting in the Americas, North American phosphate shipments have just been phenomenal, frankly. If you look at the numbers from last fall, they are well above the seven-year average, well above the maximum of the seven-year high/low range. We had good follow through during our third fiscal quarter, and we think the fourth fiscal quarter will be about average, so extraordinarily good shipments in North America. Same story in Brazil. As you know that last year total fertilizer shipments there were 29.5 million tons. We think that will increase to 31 million tons. We expect that Brazil will import more than 4 million tons of phosphate products. A record, seeing good demand in most of the other Asian markets. So, we are on track to hit that 63 million, 65 million range, I believe. But one thing I would like to mention that it kind of relates to Don's earlier question, is that even with a good rebound in global yields this year, an important point is to note that I think there is some pent-up demand. If you looked at the chart in our presentation that showed global grain and oilseed stocks you saw the big drawdown that is occurring in 2012, 2013. That drawdown assumes a very modest increase in grain and oilseed use. In fact, if you look at the projected growth in grain and oilseed use in 2012, 2013, it's 0.6%. That followed the previous four years when grain and oil seed demand grew at 2.2%, 2.3%, 2.3%, 2.6% per year. So, I think even if we get a very, very good supply response, what we are going to see is that, some point of grain prices begin to come down or moderate a bit, there's a potential for an unleashing of this pent-up demand and the fact that crop nutrients remain highly affordable simply underpins our forecast for record P&K shipments this year.
Mike Rahm: China number is, imports of about. Sorry, Jeff, didn’t have the microphone on. Our forecast for China, I believe are, imports of about 6.5 million tons and their domestic production will probably be in the range of 4 million tons. So call it 10 to 11 and as I noted before if you look at what they have contracted for the first half of the year, it's just probably in the 4 million to 4.5 million ton range. So that's a number we are watching very carefully that we think that there could be some upside in that forecast if things play out the way we think they could. With that, I am going to conclude our call and reiterate a few of the key messages we want to leave you with. First, agricultural fundamentals remained very strong here in North America and elsewhere around the world. Second, we are seeing strong global demand for our products. Third, we have substantial cash and borrowing capacity and we look forward to deploying it in the year ahead and you are going to hear much more about that later this fiscal year sometime in May. Finally, we have got great confidence in Mosaic's future. Our critical mission of helping the world grow the food it need bears very substantial promise for our customers, our employees, our communities and of course for our shareholders. Thanks very much. Have a great weekend.
