Paul Massoud: Thank you and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings call. Opening comments will be provided by Joc O’Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a fireside chat as well as open Q&A. Clint Freeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Jenny Wang, Senior Vice President of Global Strategic Marketing, will also be available to answer your questions. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. Statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management’s beliefs and expectations as of today’s date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release furnished yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our press release and performance data also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Joc.
Paul Massoud: Our next question focuses on farmer economics. And I think this one’s for you, Jenny. Our grower economics now at the point where nutrient demand destruction is a real threat to the market.
Paul Massoud: Thanks, Clint. That wraps up the fireside chat portion of this call. I would now like to turn it over to the audience for your questions.
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you. First, the potash market was already tight before any sanctions came into place. Higher crop prices, higher demand for fertilizer globally has led to a tightness in this market that was driving higher prices before the Belarusian sanctions. The Belarusian sanctions have simply exacerbated and made the tightness more serious. In terms of the length of the sanctions, we really don’t know and there is no obvious immediate resolution to that issue right now sort of maybe a regime change, I can’t see how that issue is going to be resolved. In terms of the shortfall, we believe it could be anywhere from a few million tons in the best case scenario to as much as 8 million tons if the sanctions remain all through the year. Our base case we are working on right now is that there will be about a 4 million ton deficit this year. Now, the best evidence for this from our perspective is not what we see, but what our buyers are saying. Our buyers are signaling that this issue could be longer lasting than some of our producers have suggested. India and China both signed 2022 contracts of $590 for longer durations than the previous 6-month contracts. And we are hearing similar sentiment from our other global customers. They cannot get the tonnage. And if they can, there is no method to pay for with U.S. banks. So, it’s fair to assume that every producer is likely already evaluating every economic ton that they can get out to the market, including us. But remember, in addition to maximizing and increasing tonnage, we cannot forget about the supply chain constraints. To substantially increase our logistics capability, producers will need more railcars or port capacity and all of this takes time and capital to overcome.
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you. We think China exports could be down as much as 2.5 million tons this year to about 9 million tons. We do expect that the ban could be lifted as early as the ending of the planting season. And we have to expect that at today’s prices, it wouldn’t be surprising to see China’s producers try to benefit from that high-price environment. But we do think that annual exports are going to continue to trend lower over time. Secular domestic demand in China will pull increasingly large amounts of phosphates away from the export market. And we cannot ignore industrial uses. Battery growth and domestic fertilizers will take precedence over exports, and we expect the Chinese government will continue to force suppliers to prioritize domestic demand.
Joc O’Rourke: Well, thank you. In terms of our expected volumes for quarter one, I think there is really two big issues we have to consider when we look at our sales volume. The first of all is actually quarter four, where Hurricane Ida and subsequent repair events impacted at the beginning of the fourth quarter and left us with very, very low inventories entering this year, which, of course, tends to contribute to first quarter sales. In terms of the other issue from our perspective, it’s really the logistics. COVID and winter weather are having a major impact on the supply chain, including rail, ocean freight, ports and trucking logistics. The industry is seeing delays throughout the system, and that’s contributing to the lower-than-historical sales volume guidance. Just as an example, rail alone this year, we’re seeing about a 20% to 30% increase in cycle time for our trains. And you can expect that to have a big impact on rev rec at the very end of the quarter. That said, we expect our annual sales to be in line with historic norms for phosphates. Delayed shipments due to supply chain issues will resolve themselves as we come out of the winter weather and we get through this last wave of COVID. So we will see those come in the next quarter or two. The thing I would emphasize is we’re seeing normal buyer behavior. Yes, nutrient prices are up. The crop prices more than offset that and point to a very good year for grower profitability, even if it’s a small step back from the 2021 levels. We expect crop prices to continue to incentivize farmers to apply fertilizer as they normally would.
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Thanks, John. Certainly, that would offer an opportunity to us, but I suspect what will happen is that actually the blends will probably be adjusted for less potash if there is actual potash shortages. And we do believe there will be a real risk of potash shortages. The Brazil market should be fairly good. They have been delayed by rain and etcetera, so far. But we believe this will be a good market. So we do expect it’s going to be very tight for potash as the full impact of the sanctions really comes home to roost, if you will. So yes, we may pick up a little bit, but I don’t think it will be because of the blend opportunity versus others. I think it will just be because of people trying to get hold of potash.
Joc O’Rourke: I don’t want to be in any way evasive, Joel, but I cannot answer a question about confidential negotiations that would happen within Canpotex. So I think you can only wait to see what happens this year to know. Now having said that, I will say one thing. We have been flexible in the past, as you’re well aware, including last year when we had an inability to produce. We asked and allowed Nutrien to produce the gap, which they helped fill. So obviously, we are all very concerned and interested in supporting our customers globally. And so to do that, there will be an element of flexibility. But I can’t speak specifically about Canpotex.
Joc O’Rourke: Okay. Thank you, Chris. I guess you’ve got to look at this in two ways: what’s the cash margin and what’s the gross margin after depreciation. Let me just talk about cash for a moment. And I’m going to be pretty general here. But if you look at – right now for standard, we have contract through Canpotex for $590 a ton. I think you can pretty much make estimates. We’ve announced Colonsay being $85 a ton. The others are significantly lower than that. And put a round number on transport, which is easy to do. I think you come up with a – quite frankly, a gross margin – a cash margin that is at least 50% plus.
Joc O’Rourke: Well, we’re – we call resource taxes and royalties part of our cash cost. So we’re – or sorry, Clint, do you want to correct that if I’m...
Joc O’Rourke: Right. I think our other Canadian producer does not include royalties either. Is that correct? I think they call them both taxes. But there is some inconsistencies between the two of those.
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. And do recognize the resource tax is quite significant right now. So in terms of Florida cost, if you will, for phosphates, the way you can look at it is, first of all, our average ammonia cost, which if – we pay 20% of – sorry, 20% of the cost per ton of ammonia goes into – so if ammonia costs $600, you can – times that by 0.2, and that’s the cost inside that. But right now, market ammonia is probably in the range of, Jenny, $1,100. So that adds about $200 plus per ton to the cost of making phosphates. Now recognize our costs are significantly lower than that because two-thirds of ours is on a natural gas basis. So for our competitors, call it, $250 per ton. For us, probably more than half of that range would be the right number. In terms of sulfur, sulfur 40%. So if sulfur price is $300, then your cost in making DAP is probably $120-ish per ton. So you could look at that for our competitors being a total cost of up to $300 extra ton and for us, probably $220 or something, in that range.
Joc O’Rourke: Okay. So first, co-product sales, I think you’re absolutely right. The majority of the co-product sales is likely the sale of gypsum, but there is a number of co-products whether they be produced from some of our wastewater streams or whatever. But we sold last year, I think, over $400 million of co-products with pretty healthy margin because the cost of these, of course, is very low. So we feel that’s a pretty attractive place. And of course, when you sell gypsum, that’s chips actually you don’t have to make in the future. So again, a big piece of the long-term business improvement will be those sales of co-products and particularly the sale of gypsum. In terms of moving this business forward, you’re right, there is a number of opportunities. I think there is a number of new opportunities for co-products and particularly when you look at titanium, niobium and whatnot that is naturally in our ore and is made by our neighbors, at least our neighbors at Catalao. The other area is distribution. And distribution, particularly as you go to the Northwest part of the country, so Northwest part of Montegrosso and heading into what we call the Montapito states, which are the northern states south of the Amazon but in the western side of the country. We believe the distribution opportunity there is high. We are looking very seriously about how we can get a bigger piece of that, how we can participate more in that. So distribution, one area; co-products, new products. And of course, if we can debottleneck or improve our existing operations, that’s another great area for taking advantage of what is a great market.
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Okay. Thanks, Vincent. I’m going to start off, but I’m going to hand it over to Jenny. But I think what you’d be fair to say is when the demand started really picking up this year, India was the first to respond. And in the typical winter lull, North American prices probably lagged, but those are quickly catching up as we get closer to the North American spring. But let me let Jenny talk a little bit about price disparity around the world and what that means.
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Michael. Look, I think India – this becomes more than a simple problem for a country like India with 700 people living in basic poverty and relying on the agricultural economy. The Modi government needs to be responsive to those people. So, they have a tight balance to keep food security and food affordability for their population and also keep their farmers able to be profitable so that they keep farming. So, our expectation is that India will continue to tread that – or walk that tight rope as best they can. So, they will have to respond to global pricing. They will have to make sure they get the fertilizer they need. And we are seeing that right now. I mean with the fast settlement of their potash and the – at $590, they were the first to settle with Canpotex quite early, and I think that reflects the pent-up demand that they need to make sure it gets out to their farmers. And then we just talked about their willingness to pay $930 or $920 for phosphates. So, we are seeing the buyer response. We know the government will have to either help with food subsidies or with fertilizer subsidies to keep that balance. And I know when it comes down to food securities, they are going to do what they have to do to make sure that works. And that’s long-term and short-term.
Joc O’Rourke: Okay. Thanks, Andrew. And I will leave the tougher guidance question to Clint because that’s only fair. Let me start with Fertilizantes and the cost structure of Fertilizantes. There is a lot of factors, I think that are impacting Fertilizantes right now. I mean the first of it, as you mentioned, is inflation. And if you look at U.S. dollars, it’s probably easier to see where that’s been not as severe as what it might look like. But Brazil is probably seeing in industrial inflation, somewhere in that 15% to 20% this year. And that’s having a real day-to-day impact on cost structures. The other thing that has hurt Brazil in the last while, of course, is COVID. It has made it a lot more difficult to do mechanical or maintenance turnarounds. It’s made getting supply chain people in place, etcetera, etcetera. So, there is maintenance that takes longer, just a lot of little niggle things that come with the people problems and the COVID problems. And then there is of course, supply chain issues, getting materials and when you get materials are more expensive. So, all of those things are impacting. We think that long-term U.S. dollar and U.S. dollar to Brazilian reais will be offset with the inflation rates. So, in other words, if the inflation keeps higher than U.S., it will probably be equalized by exchange rates. And the other issues should go away with COVID and whatnot as things sort of return to more normal.
Joc O’Rourke: I sort of got phosphate in market, but that’s about all I really got. Okay. Maybe Adrien, maybe we can let Paul talk to you after this. I am sorry, we – the connection was so bad. We really didn’t hear that well at all. So maybe, Paul – you can contact Paul and we can talk. Thank you. Sorry.
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. I am going to let Jenny talk a little bit about this, but let me start off by saying as we look at this over the next, let’s say, 3 years to 5 years and even short-term, short-term, we expect China’s exports to be lower, which should lead to a tightness in the next little while. And as we look forward from that, assuming the market continues to grow at the normal rates, we don’t have any big projects coming forward that we think are going to fill that gap. So, we see it tight this year. And assuming our Chinese estimates are correct, continuing tight for the next 4 years or 5 years even. And then as we look at the evolution of industrial uses for phosphates, and we talked about lithium iron phosphate, batteries in particular. But as we move into those other uses for phosphates, particularly in China, we do expect long-term that the Chinese exports will continue to decline and that new projects that are – haven’t been called yet and take 4 years or 5 years will have to fill that gap. Jenny, anything else? Okay. So Jenny is fine. Okay. Look, with that, I will conclude our call here by reiterating some of our key messages. Mosaic delivered excellent financial performance in 2021 driven by very strong agricultural and fertilizer markets. And by leveraging the value we have created through major investments and cost restructuring. We look forward to returning much of that value that we created to our shareholders through the accelerated share repurchase, our new repurchase authorization and an increased dividend target. And with continued high levels of global fertilizer demand and ongoing tight supplies in both potash and phosphates, we expect another year of very strong value creation in 2022. Thank you for your call – for the call, and have a great day.
Clint Freeland: Sure. Thanks, Paul. So I think, as everyone knows, our business is highly seasonal, and we can experience pretty significant working capital changes throughout the year. And over the last couple of years, we have put in new working capital facilities to help us manage through – excuse me, some of that seasonal dynamic. And in the current pricing environment and the environment that we’ve been in and the rate of change that we’ve seen, that just amplifies those seasonal working capital moves. And so more recently, we’ve upsized some of our working capital lines to better align our options and our tools to the needs of the business. Just to give you a sense, as we look at the second half of last year, our core working capital needs were up well over $1 billion, and majority of that was in the fourth quarter. And as we look forward to 2022, I think any incremental working capital needs are likely to be dictated by the pricing environment that we see to the extent that the pricing environment moderates and the rate of change moderates, then I think the working capital incremental needs will moderate. But if we do see a continuation of what we’ve seen in the last 6 months, I think we could expect to see increasing working capital requirements.
Clint Freeland: Thanks, Paul. As we look forward to the balance of 2022, we expect to generate a significant amount of earnings and cash flow. And as we think about capital allocation for this year, we intend to continue strengthening both our business and our balance sheet by continuing to invest in high-return and opportunistic investments and paying down debt. But we think we can do those things and return a significant amount of capital to shareholders this year within the construct that we’ve outlined. Today, we announced an increase in our dividend for this year and going forward as well as a buyback using an ASR tool. As we go through the balance of the year, we intend to remain disciplined and nimble and look at different ways of returning capital to our shareholders. But our current priority is on buybacks. We look at our share price, where it is, and we think that it is compelling given the environment that we see. So that’s our priority today. But again, we intend to remain flexible as we go through the year.
Clint Freeland: Yes. So in calculating our cash cost per ton, we do include royalties in there but do not include CRT.
Clint Freeland: And let me just highlight in North America, we don’t participate in those fluctuations of price that occur when the traders start trading at the Gulf. We kept our price list constant through that. And very quickly, once the pricing windows ended, prices came up to our price list.
Clint Freeland: Yes. Hi Andrew, this is Clint. And thanks for your question on guidance. I think as we have spoken about before, one of the challenging things about providing specific earnings guidance is just how quickly and materially prices can change, and that can obviously change our expectations and outlook for the year. But what we have tried to do is to provide a framework, provide areas of our cost structure, of our spend and so forth, that can be helpful in modeling the company. I know that Paul and I have been speaking particularly about Fertilizantes. And is there some more information and detail we can provide around that business to help investors understand and model that business better. So, I think that is an ongoing conversation internally. I would expect us to put a little bit more focus on that as time goes on. And if there are other areas that you would find particularly helpful in understanding some of the complexity, certainly, we are open to those discussions and a good feedback on that.
