Rich Mack: Thanks Larry. I appreciate the opportunity provide an update on yesterday’s hearing in Jacksonville on the South Ford Meade permit. We were pleased to have the opportunity to share more information with the court and we thought the legal arguments provided to Judge Adams, including the facts and science relating to the South Ford Meade permit were both significant and compelling. With a temporary restraining order expiring on July 28th, the Judge has invited us to submit additional information to the court on Monday and we anticipate a ruling on or before next Wednesday. Once his decision has been issue, we will timely communicate with the marketplace. Given this matter is in litigation, it would be inappropriate for us to discuss or attempt to answer questions on the substantive issues being considered by the court. However, given the significant interest in the South Ford Meade matter, we want to provide a few additional facts on the permit and the litigation. The substance of the underlying lawsuits filed against the Army Corps by the Sierra Club in two local nongovernmental organizations relate to mostly technical matters under certain Federal Laws, including MIPPA, The Clean Water Act, and the Endangered Species Act. These sorts of claims by anti-mining interests are not new or unique. In fact, if you look at similar litigation in other mining sectors around the United States, you will see a common playbook. Yesterday’s hearing concerned the merits of a preliminary injunction which places a high bar on a party requesting such action and provides for substantial deference to the Federal agencies who actively reviewed and approved the permit. Let me assure you that the Army Corps of Engineers along with several county, state and other Federal agencies exhaustibly reviewed the permit applications over a seven-year period. In fact, the process included dozens of in-depth meetings with regulators, numerous request for additional information and resulted in an administrative record in excess of 100,000 pages and a final permit exceeding 2,500 pages. This was comprehensive. This permit provides significant protections to the environment, including preservation of more than 73% of the site’s wetlands over 2,600 acres of permanent conservation easements and a robust mitigation plan using state-of-the-art reclamation practices. The Department of Environmental Protection who also extensively reviewed and approved the permit has characterized the South Ford Meade tracking question as heavily degraded and has said that, it will be in a better environmental condition after mining and reclamation has been completed. Given the amount of focus on the South Ford Meade permit by Mosaic in the scores of regulators with whom we had worked with, we have confidence both in the substance of the permit and the process by which it was issued. We will be certain to update you as soon as we receive a decision from the court next week. Thank you. And at this point, I’m going to turn it over to Jim Prokopanko.
Rich Mack: I think that – we’ll simply going to have to defer. Again, I think it would really depend on the approach that the judge takes and I would just ask you to stay tuned until next week when we have more information. One thing I can say is that the TRO does expire on its phase and cannot as I understand it’ll be extended by law beyond July 28th, so we should have a affirmative answer on the preliminary injunction issue by the 28th of July.Lindsay Drucker Mann – Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks very much.
Rich Mack: Hi Mike. I think your question comprises a couple of facets. First, at any given time, obviously, we have a number of permits that are in process and then we have those that are yet to be worked on. Of course, we have about 30 plus or – say 30 to 35 years of kind of anticipated rock left in the State of Florida. And the South Ford Meade permit, that is an important permit for us, and of course that’s been in process for seven years. We do not have a major permits that is forthcoming here until what we currently estimate in the 2013 timeframe. And then, after that, it stretches out even further than that. You can anticipate there could be anywhere from the 2017 to the 2020 time horizon. Of course, this is a business where things change, mining plans change. And so, these dates can move around a little bit, but I think that’s a pretty good estimation as to where we’re currently at.
Jim Prokopanko: Good morning, Vincent. You ask about what happened in Q4 with the phosphate and potash. We started to quarter off – in the first two months started off strong and the year came to a quick end. And the crop was planted in a record of short period of time, it was planted early. And dealers and the pipeline distribution pipeline wanted to finish the year with minimal inventories, no inventories if possible. So we had a decent year. It went in quickly and we had as I said – as you said, moderately lower-than-expected demand and some of that was destocking of the pipeline and some of that was going in with – ending the season with short stocks and there you have it. Following that is a strong bounce back in our first quarter, with dealers preparing to fill up for the coming planting season this fall, which we expect to be very good as do they and the recent strength in the grain fundamentals provide good support for that.
Jim Prokopanko: Vincent, buyer psychology is big part of it. Still not recovering from the shocks of a – fully recovered from the shocks of a – of September 2008 that we all remember. People are afraid to get too far off home base, so they want to finish the year with – finish their seasons with small minimal inventories and they are not really weren’t ready to fully jump back into the pool. And I think when market sentiment can change again, that will depend on grain markets. And I think we will see just a little more cautionary tone going forward. But as our memories dim on that that time, we will get back to normal and driven by what’s happening in the grain markets.
Jim Prokopanko: Sure, David. It’s Jim here. I’ll that question. Our Carlsbad facility is one of our smaller mines. It’s – and it’s been a good operation for us. It might not have gotten the attention from the – as same as the bigger Canadian operations. But over this past year, we’ve more than doubled, almost tripled our mineable reserves in Carlsbad. We’ve gone from about 111 million tons of mineable reserves to 294 million that gives us about 25 years of reserves. So we’ve – we’ve got a very strong reserve base and a good underground mining operation. The product we produce there is potassium, manganese and sulfate. And it is sold under the K-Mag brand which is the recognized leading brand name of this product around the world. There is just unquestionably and we – it’s a Mosaic brand and we have sole access to it. This is a well run underground mine and there’s some people that are converting their mines to solution mines. There’s not need to do that. That is not the first place you want to mine this product, it’ll be a solution mining. Now we continue to optimize the efficiencies at that operation. There’s – you still see opportunities to lower cost, extract at a higher rate, and we continue to do that. So it’s a well run facility that we could even run better. So that is – that’s where we’re at with it and there is some other things that just aren’t necessary for us to – that others might be doing that’s not necessary and perhaps higher cost than what we are doing.David Silver – Bank of America: Okay, thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Jim Prokopanko: It’s a thought that sometime in the first quarter, Agrifos will discontinued production of finished DAP products and that amounts to both 500,000 tons. And there’s something to keep in mind as – I’ll maybe get to a question that somebody else is going to ask is the Ma'aden project coming on line in sometime in 2011 we’ve got to keep that in mind. Although there is some production coming on line in 2011 through Ma'aden, you are right to point out that some nonintegrated producers will be shutting this coming year. So it’s not all addition, there is some plants that are going out to production. Will it impact the S&D, I guess depending on the how strong the D is, it might be more missed than we appreciate. But North American production over the next 12 months is not increasing in phosphate production and that’s a point that’s missed by many in the industry.
Jim Prokopanko: Mike – I’m going to ask Mike Rahm to talk about what’s happening in the supply side European phosphate production.
Jim Prokopanko: I'm going to ask Rick McLellan, our Commercial leader to address that and give his observations in the marketplace.
Jim Prokopanko: Yes, P.J., it’s Jim here. Yes, you’re right. Last year, there was talk about increasing potash production in China. And, in fact, the International Fertilizer Association on conjunction with Chinese potash producers took a look at their reporting statistics and the numbers they reported to the association. And what we found was there were some double counting, mischaracterization of some of the products. And, in fact, the 5 million plus tons that were reputed to be coming out being produced in China and potash was closer to the 3 million ton range. So we just haven’t see the material increase and potash production in China. Now, China used to – not too many years ago was importing in excess of 9 million tons a year. This last year they imported above 3 million tons and that drop was accounted for some destocking of the pipeline, but a material drop in potash applications on the farms in China. And they absolutely have to come back to the market on that, they just can’t avoid putting potash on and we may be seeing signs of that. China continues to import significant amounts of soybeans and this year they’re starting to import noticeable amounts of corn. And our reports are that China will continue to be importing corn at every increasing rates in the years ahead. And they know that they have to get their nutrient crop, nutrient balances back in line and the government has sent thousands of agronomists throughout the country to get this message back to the farmers. So longer answer to a simple question, are the potash production numbers going up? No, we don’t see that. And two, do their potash consumption numbers have to go up? Yes, absolutely.
Jim Prokopanko: Well, the – good day to Edlain. Good to hear from you. We – in North America, let’s recall, I think it was through end of May, early June, grain prices were dropping and at steady rate and we were in low-3s on corn and below I think 9 on beans. And so there just was not a lot of marketplace, foreign marketplace confidence about what was ahead. And as an early and potentially crop got planted, we found that it’s – it wasn’t fully grown yet and there was risk and weather risk and we’re seeing that and we’re seeing issues in Eastern FSU and Western Europe on grain production and how quickly those fortunes turnaround. So we’ve seen a stronger pricing on grains, which is in the last couple weeks reinforce the mood and sentimental farmers and dealers. So it was a different marketplace over these last six weeks and eight weeks. So we see a strengthening tone. We might not be moving the kind of volumes that we want on potash today, but we believe in our first calendar half, it’s going to happen sometime, either in August or September, we will see potash move and strengthen. And that’s not a – we’ve been negotiating in China. We had some contract from the end of last year that we were shipping and subsequently haven’t come to terms on an agreement Canpotex continues to negotiate with China and I am confident that we are going to have another contract with China in the next while, when exactly I don’t know, one little wrinkle that’s been added, that might make a just a little longer is, there’s been some leadership changes in the (inaudible) organization, some people have been moved around at the senior level. New people are coming in and those people are going to have to get their people under them and decide which direction they’re going. But we’ve got a good relationship with our Chinese customers and we’re going to have a contract in the next while. I have a little doubt that Canpotex will get there on it.Edlain Rodriguez – Gleacher & Company: Thank you.
Jim Prokopanko: We’re not seeing a lot of motivated sellers that are knocking on our doors. I think it’s – this is a hard business, a tough business. And, unless, it’s a major part of your DNA and you are committed to work for the long-term, you’ve got to have to work very hard if you’re running a regional operation, it’s a global business, it takes a lot of talent, lot of attention to environmental safety, risk issues that go with it. And, unless, you are a large global committed player, I just think it’s a – it’s awful hard work to make a living, running at regional smaller local either phosphate or potash business.Fai Lee – RBC Capital Markets: Okay.
Jim Prokopanko: It depends on those people’s motivations and their purpose and we’ll see what comes.Fai Lee – RBC Capital Markets: All right, interesting, thank you.
Jim Prokopanko: David, the – yes, we below so, and particularly with the – on the margins, phosphates we’ve been seeing and as reported in the industry of papers, we’ve been seeing some strengthening in the market with the growing demand we think that’s where the pricing is sustainable, we’re seeing some – and I have an expectation for some sulfur prices, so margins on potash and phosphate I should say, will be as we see them now. And I think they’re improving going forward if these prices in the grain market stay where they are. In the case of potash, I think it’s with growing demand, we should see a good foundation in the current prices we see at potash. And there too, I think Larry mentioned, with some of the turnarounds, we see – we could see a bit of erosion in the margins for Q1 due to reduced absorption costs, but it should be steady thereafter. In the case of the brine inflow, that’s a – brine is – inflows are sort of in the lower end of the historic experiences we’ve had. We continue to aggressively monitor and to the extent that we can mitigate and manage that inflow and so the costs should be the kind of costs we see recently going forward. And we’re always working to bring those numbers down, but not at the risk of a – of increasing any chance of a damage from inflow.
Jim Prokopanko: Yes, yes we are. We think rock is a – is in a critical component. And both in potash and phosphate you’ve heard me say before the goal chain and the supply chain is the ownership of the basic resource the rough, potash and phosphate. And opportunities to get economically viable phosphate rock reserves, additional reserves is, I believe an attractive opportunity, attractive investment to augment the good reserves we presently have.
Jim Prokopanko: That’s hard. I can’t say. They’ll occur when the price is right and they’re economically viable once they’re found. So I just can’t add anything more.
Jim Prokopanko: I’ll answer it in two pieces. On phosphates in North America, we’ve seen buyers go from wanting product moved into warehouses and warehouse agreements to purchasing. Right now, we believe North American distributors have placed somewhere around 60% of what they need for fall and that 60% placed and appraised.
Jim Prokopanko: Potash, we’re moving product into warehouses and that’s a bit of the way the potash market has worked and people have got approximately 30% cover on what they require for this fall. But that’s changed really dramatically in the last two weeks.
Jim Prokopanko: The dealer distributors see an opportunity to purchase, head start the opportunity to purchase on phosphates earlier than potash. But I think they’ll make that move in the next 60 days.
Jim Prokopanko: Mike, I’m going to ask Rich Mack, the General Counsel, who leads our permitting efforts to address your question.
Jim Prokopanko: Michael, that’s not going to touch – it’s not going to have any impact whatsoever in our first quarter.
Jim Prokopanko: With that, we’ll conclude our Q&A session. The demand for nutrients to produce more food will continue to expand. The world is not getting less hungry. With our balanced portfolio and strong competitive position, Mosaic is ideally situated to create value for our shareholders and customers for years to come. Thank you very much and have a safe and wonderful weekend.
Rick McLellan: Good morning. Frankly what we saw in May and June was dealers stopped their purchasing to end the year empty. And we needed to find a clearing price where that market would start to move. Price – we decreased prices $30 a ton in North America on July the 5th, and since then, that market has begun to move. That’s a price that – and that will impact our netbacks in our first quarter.
Rick McLellan: Good morning. Yes, Brazil is – I’m not sure that Brazil is much different than we’re seeing in other marketplaces. People are conservative to bring in a lot of inventory and had been working to – it’s more or like – it’s more or like to have in the US, where inventories were cleaned out and now they’re starting to command on a more regular basis. One of the issues that Brazil faces and has faced is a real lack of import capacity and we’re already seeing vessel lineup starting at the main ports because of the amount of product that has to be moved in a short time, so that’s the market. It’s not much different than any other market in world. Buyers are conservative, buyers aren’t going to go – go along and fill up inventories like we saw six, seven years ago where traditional Brazil demand would be load up in May, June and ship in July, August, September. As far as customers, farmer customers, economics for soybean production and sugar production are very strong. And farmers are in a good cash position. The government has come along with some programs to support it. So, effectively, the Brazil market we see is growing to 23.5 million tons this year and frankly there’s probably some upside to that if these grain markets continue to stay strong.
Rick McLellan: I’ll take that. It’s Rick McLellan here. So there’s a couple of questions. We are seeing strong shipments into India in the next quarter and we have that plan, but it is nothing more than what we have had in our plans and so we see that as positive. There is an impact in India that all nutrients going into the country are facing and that is that if Indian buyers on both P&K waited longer than they normally have to cement business for this year and it’s causing poor congestion and more importantly a real pressure on inbound rail or in-country rail assets to move the products from the ports into where it’s being used. That will be a short term, they’ll work their way through it. So, I, frankly – and there is inventory moving into the country, but frankly no different than we’ve seen in other years.
Rick McLellan: So PhosChem as a group, you – the product will get moved primarily in the – our first and second quarters.
