Lawrence W. Stranghoener: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. As Jim noted, this quarter's results are in line with our expectations. So rather than spending your time rehashing our numbers, I'd like to address a couple of topics that I know are on your minds. First, our capital allocation philosophy. We have an exceptionally strong balance sheet and that, combined with our expectation of strong future operating cash flows, gives us significant flexibility. We have the cash and the debt capacity necessary to pursue all 3 of our capital management priorities, which are to invest for organic business growth, to act on appropriate strategic investment opportunities and to return capital to shareholders. We are constantly evaluating investment opportunities, and we're maintaining our discipline as we do so. We will only commit capital when it makes strategic and financial sense for Mosaic and our shareholders. Regarding shareholder distributions, you all know that there are outstanding shares that could begin coming to market this summer, and we are committed to managing these lock-up expirations in an orderly fashion. Our financial flexibility gives us the ability to consider a wide range of options, including the possible repurchase of some or all of those shares. We look forward to initiating discussions at the end of May when we're allowed to do so. Now I'll turn to our guidance. Our third fiscal quarter is usually our seasonally slowest with periods of limited transactions and price transparency. We expect third quarter Potash volumes to be in the range of 1.5 million to 1.8 million tonnes, which is substantially higher than last year's third quarter. We expect average Potash pricing to be in the range of $370 to $400 per tonne, which is down for 3 primary reasons: generally lower market prices; our seasonal shift to greater shipments of standard potash, which is more prevalent outside North America; and our increasing Canpotex share, which means even more of our product is expected to be delivered to international markets. Potash operating rates are expected to remain suboptimal, including the extended holiday shutdowns we've already taken. Lower operating rates and expected lower prices will continue to pressure the Potash gross margin rate in the third quarter. In Phosphates, fiscal third quarter sales volumes are expected to be in the range of 2.5 million to 2.8 million tonnes. The balanced current market conditions are likely to continue, and so we expect prices to be in the range of $485 to $515 per tonne. Operating rates and our gross margin rate should be essentially flat with those in the second quarter. Finally, our cost for brine management at Esterhazy were down slightly during the second quarter, but our run rate remains above our previous guidance. We now expect our full year brine management cost to be in the range of $245 million to $275 million. One final note. In case you missed our news release a couple of weeks ago, we are going to transition from our current fiscal year to calendar year reporting. We will complete fiscal 2013 in May, and then we'll enter a 7-month stub period through December 31. The first full calendar reporting year will be 2014. In September of this year, we plan to provide you with new historical financials for calendar quarters back to January 1, 2012. We are making this change to better align our business seasonality with our reporting and to align our reporting with that of our peers. Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for his concluding comments.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: Vincent, thank you for the question. That's -- there's a lot to respond to there. I'll repeat what we said in our comments. We have a lot of financial flexibility, and we have very deliberately built up this financial flexibility to deal with the expiration of our tax restrictions and the coming lockup expirations. We want to be able to deal with that situation in whatever way makes sense at the time. It's a little bit situational, it's a little bit hypothetical. We don't know what we're going to be dealing with next summer when those lockup expirations expire. We don't know what those shareholders are going to be thinking with respect to what they want to do with their shares. And so it's difficult for us to be as precise as you all would like us to be. Suffice it to say that we expect to be able to continue to fund our organic growth initiatives through operating cash flow and beyond that, we believe we've got extensive capability to pursue strategic alternatives if and when they arise. And as you point out, we have not seen anything yet that we've seen fit to invest in other than the Miski Mayo Mine. So we continue to exercise great discipline and to return cash to shareholders. I would note that when we've had the opportunity to buy back shares, we have done so. You'll recall that when we did that early last year, we said at the time that was the single best investment opportunity we could find. We would continue to view share repurchase in that light comparing it to other investment alternatives when that time comes. So we're asking for continued patience. We don't have full flexibility yet. We understand that come May, come this summer, that investors are going to be looking for more detail about how we intend to deploy our capital. But accept the fact that until we get to May, until we can start engaging with these shareholders whose lockup -- where the lockups will expire, we can't be more definitive than that at this point in time.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: And Joc, it's Larry. Just to add -- to respond further to an earlier question. With respect to the funding of that project, if we proceed with it, it would likely entail capital expenditures in the $300 million to $350 million range for several years beginning late next -- or late this year. And again, we would expect to be able to fund that through operating cash flow.
James T. Prokopanko: Thank you, Larry. Global agriculture experienced quite a rollercoaster ride in 2012. Spring planting in North America created expectations of a record crop and low grain and oilseed prices. Then our planet dried out -- from the U.S. breadbasket to South America and the Black Sea. Those once promising crops wilted and shrunk. Grain and oilseed prices rallied and then rallied further. The economics of farming rallied right along with them, and farmers across the globe are enjoying nearly unprecedented prosperity. But the same cannot be said of the world's food security. I know you've heard me talk about food many times before, and I'm sure some of you are quite tired of hearing of it. But I'll keep talking about it. All of us at Mosaic, all committed to our mission of helping the world grow the food it needs. We'll keep talking about it because food is the Mosaic story, and because the global food story is why investors should see great opportunity in Mosaic. Farm land is barely increasing. But even if farm land could increase at the same rate as the world's population, demand for food would still surpass agricultural production. Growing human prosperity brings with it demand for higher-quality foods, most notably proteins, which, in turn, require more grain. So over the next 4 decades, with no appreciable increase in farm land, the world will have 2 billion more mouths to feed, 1/2 of whom will live in Africa, the only continent that is not yet self-sufficient in food production. And more of our planet's 9 billion residents will demand more protein. It's a daunting, literally life and death challenge. With farm prosperity running high, there is hope that enough capital will find its way to agriculture to nurture the innovative thinking necessary to meet mushrooming demand. Whether that investment materializes or not, the fact remains that farmers will have strong incentive to coax maximum yield from their land, and they simply cannot do that without good crop nutrition. That is Mosaic's promise. We're the crop nutrition experts, and we have the global reach to make an important contribution to global food security, which is one of the defining challenges of our time. That, in turn, bodes very well for our shareholders. So I will continue to revisit this topic frequently. It's why we're here, and it's why we're so bullish on Mosaic's future. Now we'd be happy to take your questions. Over to you, operator.
James T. Prokopanko: Vincent, it's Jim Prokopanko. I'll just add an element to Larry's comments in regards to your question about strategic that -- how much is there, you really haven't seen anything. And one, I think that's a testament to Mosaic's discipline about how we look at investments. We're not impatient to make a move. We do have a lot of dry powder, but we're not going to blow a hole on our foot just because we have that. There aren't -- we are a natural party to be involved in any kind of acquisitions. There's not many that would do anything without talking to Mosaic first. So I don't feel at all that there's -- that we're going to miss anything here. So just stay tuned. We're being disciplined. We're being very prudent and stay tuned.
James T. Prokopanko: Going to have Rick and possibly Mike Rahm, Dr. Mike Rahm respond to the India, and then I'll add some comments about spot pricing.
James T. Prokopanko: Chris, I'll just -- you asked about the spot pricing. Understand, in China right now, we still have one more year left to our MOU that we have with Sinofert. That will end in 12/31/13, and it's a matter that is -- gets continual discussion at our Canpotex meetings. Board members have -- shareholders have a point of view, and the -- what drives that is what we'll do whatever we think is in the best interest of the member producers of potash companies. We've gone from 12-month contracts in China now to 6-month contracts. So I think you can see the direction we're headed.
James T. Prokopanko: Okay. Two questions. You asked about changing competitive landscape and perhaps just about what's happening in the industry structure is what's behind that. Let's put it in context for the kind of year we're in. We've seen this year, Potash sales down about 4 million tonnes. Potash purchases by buyers down 4 million tonnes. I think that drop in the market caused some players to be more aggressive than what I think was necessary, and they were just very aggressive. They didn't want -- they saw sales down and they wanted to maintain share and that's the behavior we saw. With a return to normalized and continuing growing Potash demand, I think that will be a passing thing, steady 55 million to 57 million tonnes I think we're seeing for this -- the coming year. That will cure the pricing, and we do see strengthening pricing going forward as products -- as we now see 1 million tonnes moving, I expect more will be bought in China and India's, I just anticipate, is just around the corner. Now the second question I'll turn it over to Rick.
James T. Prokopanko: Yes, good question, Bill, and I'm going to ask Joc O'Rourke, our COO, to address that. It's his project and he could add some details.
James T. Prokopanko: Yes, I'll take the second question, the second question with respect to proposed versus approved Potash expansion projects. Recall that we outlined several years ago a 5 million tonne expansion program consisting of a number of projects. We are executing on 3 million tonnes of those projects, which are going very well on time, on budget, on scope. We have decisions to make as to whether we will proceed with the remaining 2 million tonnes of expansion projects, and we'll begin making those decisions this calendar year.
James T. Prokopanko: First question, BPC, don't know what they're going to do. I would -- I'd really be perplexed to understand that they'd -- if they'd weaken after what -- after Canpotex, but just don't know what their plans are. As I said, the key point is China, and we believe it has we think low Potash inventories and has to restock, and they don't have a lot of time at this point to restock. So I'm anticipating there will be something shortly coming out of BPC, and just to reiterate, why would you go below what Canpotex sold at? The next is on what some of the contingencies are around the ammonia plant, and I'm going to have Joc speak to that.
James T. Prokopanko: Okay, I'm going to -- okay, Charles, I'm going to have Rick or Mike address the question on India nutrient to ratios, and then I'll just answer your Ma'aden question.
James T. Prokopanko: Charles, on your question about Ma'aden, we don't know with a lot of certainty. We, in our grid, supply-demand grid, we put them in this past year, producing about 1.2 million tonnes for the year. We think they've had some struggles getting it started and that's no surprise. This is a mega project and a lot of complexity. We anticipate they will get to their full nameplate capacity of about 3 million tonnes by the end of 2013; early 2014, they'll be at full capacity. And we just don't know. If you or any of your colleagues are up at the northern Saudi Arabia, at the border of Jordan and Iraq where the mine is and you see something, let us know. But we think they're going to get there in just a matter of time.
James T. Prokopanko: David, understand -- it's important that these farm economics and the relative price of fertilizer -- the price of fertilizer relative to grain prices -- haven't been better in the last 10 or 15 years. Just a terrific situation for the farmer customers. They are going to be applying fertilizer in good volumes, and they don't want to miss the opportunity to produce maximum yields given these near-historic high grain prices. And it's a different game in North America and the Southern Hemisphere. Larger farms, larger commercial farms, larger application equipment and I think bigger potential to impact yields than they do in some of the Eastern markets. So the fertilizer prices as a percentage of the total farm income statement is -- the cost side, it's pretty small.
James T. Prokopanko: And I just want to conclude and say that -- and reiterate our 3 key messages. First, ag economics are extremely strong around the world. Second, we're dealing with some short-term challenges that have begun to resolve themselves. And third, our balance sheet strength uniquely positions us to take advantage of opportunities. And finally, our confidence in Mosaic's future has never been stronger. Our critical mission of helping the world grow the food it needs holds great promise for our customers, our employees, our communities and for you, our shareholders. Thanks for joining us. Have a great day, and have a great year.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes, on India, the contract timing is going to be driven by primarily one thing, and that is inventories have been drawn down in-country to some very low levels. And so we expect something to get done in the first quarter for Potash. The one thing that is really concerning to us in India is just this subsidy that is distorting the applications of both Phosphates and Potash. Potash, for instance, in 1996, the Indian government set out a plan to get to balanced P & K applications. And they set targets of 4 units of nitrogen to 1 unit of Potash at that time. And between then and 2009, they drove that value down to -- on Potash where they were at the target of 4:1. With the changes to the subsidy system and the focus on nitrogen, it is now back up to almost 8:1. So 15 years of very good work thrown out the window. And frankly, that's equivalent to almost 3.5 tonnes of -- 3.5 million tonnes of needed extra Potash in India. Phosphates, very similar. They set a target of 2:1 in that same period and, over the next 15 years, got it down from almost 4:1 to 2:1. Today -- and that was again in 2009 -- today, they're back close to 3:1. So 15 years of very positive impact on getting their nutrition programs balanced, have been lost with this subsidy program, and we think it will be -- it needs to be changed. In-country, people understand that it needs to be changed and when it does, it'll have a significant impact on nutrient markets.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes, the agreement has several points to it, more based upon seaborne imports. So I wouldn't forecast that this means 2 million tonnes that Canpotex will do with Sinofert. It is a very good start to the year in the remaining portion of the MOU.
Richard N. McLellan: I think you've nailed it, Mike. I think it will be the beginning of the second quarter that we'll see the discussions and the arrangements for shipments of phosphate into India.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes, we -- on our Indian shipments that PhosChem has, we have 2 shipments left that will happen in the first quarter and have been arranged for that. And that ends the existing MOU that we had. India still will be a very important market to us, and we are in negotiation with those customers about where we go from here.
Richard N. McLellan: I think in India, the major buyers that -- of potash and phosphate are very concerned about what's happened with these ratios, and they got a lot of talk at the recent FAI. There's really 2 major concerns. One is the amount of nitrogen that's being applied is not ending up in the crop. And in fact, it's ending up giving some environmental issues and getting into watersheds. It's a significant issue that they're concerned about. And the second is they haven't -- unlike other parts of the world, they don't have a soil mine of phosphate and potash they can draw from, and they're very worried that this will cause problems in future yields. And looking back, I don't think there's a point where they would say it's impacted yields so far. But I would say the whole industry is very concerned about what the impact is in the future and hoping to get some change in place.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes. It's a very, very good question. Our share will go up with the reversion of the Esterhazy. Our share of Canpotex shipments will go up with the share of the Esterhazy reverting to us. And part of the programs we put in place that allowed us to improve on our second quarter results with warehouse agreements in North America were part of the plan so that we could place those tonnes. So no, we don't see an impact in North America, and we -- it puts us in a position to also help Canpotex grow.
Richard N. McLellan: I think I'll deal with that. Frankly, one of the things that we heard loud and clear from customers was they were avert -- they had some aversion to risk. And so the concerns that we hear from people is this is consignment. Sorry, it's not. It's an exclusive space agreement. It's an agreement between customer and supplier to take a certain amount of tonnes during certain periods over the year. We get asked questions like the customer can always buy it below of the markets. That's not taking place. We're getting value for having the product in place when the customer needs to use it. And frankly, the biggest concern -- the biggest positive that I see coming out of that helped us in this fall in North America, where we had product in place with customers per agreements. They were able to grow their business, and we were able to capture the value of the product in-country, in North America while markets were softening at the Gulf.
Richard N. McLellan: Charles, I can address the ratios. I think it's really a combination of both. We've seen very good increases in nitrogen consumption in India. But the rate of increase in P & K has not kept pace with that, and here recently has actually declined significantly, causing those ratios to drop. And as Rick pointed out, if you go back and take a look at history, the P -- or the N to P -- N to K ratio was as high as 10% back in the mid-1990s. They steadily pulled that down to their target in about 2009, 2010, and that -- all of that progress has quickly evaporated in the last couple of years. As Rick pointed out, if assuming you think nitrogen use is kind of at an optimal level or appropriate level in India, if you were to get those ratios back to the FAI targets, it would imply 3.5 million additional tonnes of MOP consumption and about 4 million tonnes of additional DAP consumption.
Richard N. McLellan: I think the prices that are in Brazil right now have reflected some changes over the last 2 to 3 months. But I think the key takeaway is the value for the farmer, whether it be in Brazil or whether it be in North America, or the amount of dollars spent to put crop nutrients into their crop for this next year has probably never been lower and is a great value at where it's at. I think the other piece that you have to understand is the market is 2 markets. The Brazil, North American market is a granular market. The Chinese market and the Indian market and the Malaysia, Indonesia market is standard. And inventory levels for granular product or blend grade product were low and we saw a build of standard product. So Mike, back to you.
Michael Rahm: Yes, and in terms of our revisions, we've taken down our 2013 estimates to 55 million to 57 million tonnes from our previous 58 million to 60 million tonnes. Most of that is due to a downward revision in India, a little bit less also projected for Indonesia and Malaysia. Going forward, we would expect that in 2014, that probably rebounds to the 59 million tonne range and then increases by 2.5% to 3% for the next 3 to 4 years. So in 2017, we're projecting demand of -- in the 63 million, 64 million tonne range. And if you compare that to capacity at that time, we're probably in the mid-70s in terms of effective capacity. So what that means in terms of operating rates is that we think operating rates will range in between about 85% and 90% of capacity, which we think is still a very positive story for the Potash market.
Michael Rahm: All right. Yes, we've taken our phosphate imports or phosphate shipment estimate down to 63 million to 65 million tonnes, and we had been guiding 64 million to 66 million tonnes earlier, and again much of that is due to the decline in India. In the case of India, we saw fairly steady imports through about the middle to third quarter of the year and that obviously has come to an end. And we think that DAP inventories in India probably rose to 3.1 million tonnes at the start of the rabi season. With the shut off of imports and with domestic fabrication industry running at lower rates, we think those inventories are going to get drawn down to kind of that 1.4 million tonne range by the end of this fiscal year. So I think Rick can comment, but our assessment is that they will need to begin to line up shipments for their 2013, '14 fiscal year, late first quarter or first part of the second calendar quarter.
Michael Rahm: I can add just a little bit of color commentary. We think the Potash inventory situation in China prior to the start of their fall application season was on the high side, probably in that 4 million tonne range. We think by the end of the calendar year, with the drop off in imports that, that's dropped back down to about 3.2 million tonnes. They have imported -- they will import 6.3 million tonnes this year. We think they'll import 6.5 million tonnes or more next year. And certainly, I think we're getting off to a very good start there. In fact, there could be I think some upside to Potash import demand in China in 2013.
Michael Rahm: Yes, the only thing I would add there is Jim mentioned the tale of 2 hemispheres. It's really a tale of 2 hemispheres and a tale of 2 grades of potash. And in the Western Hemisphere, we have seen record shipments of P & K during the fall season, which we define as June through November. If you look at shipments in Brazil P & K, they also are at record levels, up I believe 6% this year on the tail of 11% increase the year before. So P & K demand in the Western Hemisphere, frankly, is booming. And as Rick said, it's a granular market, and the markets in Asia are on their tail to some extent, and that largely is a standard market.
