Joc O'Rourke: Thank you. Together Belarus and Russia represent close to 40% of the global potash market. Their absence is nearly impossible to replace and today's prices reflect that. Belarus remains sanctioned and our previous assumption of those tonnes coming back midyear appears optimistic as most or all of their exports will be curtailed due to logistics. Russia is another factor following the invasion of Ukraine, while some tonnes are making it to market the Swiss system expulsion makes shipment and transactions difficult. We expect that some buyers especially in Asia and South America will try to work around the hurdles, but they can't all be overcome. Remaining producers will struggle to make up those tonnes in your term. That's why we are pushing ahead with our de-bottlenecking plan and expect others to do the same. We are expecting a tight potash market to extend well beyond 2022.
Joc O'Rourke: Thanks, Paul. We are actively increasing productive capacity in our potash business. We're already running assets at a 10.8 million tonne run rate with the ramp-up of K3 and running Colonsay at 1.3 million tonnes per annum. As we move forward, we have project teams actively working on two additional miners for Esterhazy, the de-bottlenecking of the Esterhazy mill and the restart of the second Colonsay mill.
Joc O'Rourke: Our price guidance of $40 to $60 per tonne increase over Q1 does include some conservatism. First, we are seeing today's market prices, but our realization timing will depend on our railways ability to return to normal rates. We believe the sooner rail returns to normal, the sooner our price realization will reflect a shorter lag to market pricing.
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you, Paul. If there's anything that's inhibiting grower demand its availability of nutrients, not affordability. With near-term corn at $8.20 a bushel, near term soybeans at $16 plus a bushel and palm oil at MYR 7,000 to MYR 8,000 per tonne, global growers are seeing solid profitability levels. In North America, buyer behavior is focused on near-term applications. Weather has forced a compressed planting season but today's crop prices suggest growers will continue seeking maximum yields. In Brazil, grower appetite for fertilizers is quite strong especially with recent crop price moves and a slightly weakening Brazilian real. In India, a good monsoon is predicted and the government has just raised importer subsidies last week. If there's a threat to consumption, it's the lack of supply across both PNK, but global demand is there if the tonnes are available.
Joc O'Rourke: Yes. Thank you, Steve. Good morning. Absolutely we expect that with the ammonia shortage globally there will be a shift in some situations to TSP, and we understand that our Moroccan competitor is already shifting some of their production towards TSP. Again, the idea there being that we – they maximize the amount of phosphate fertilizer that gets to market with this exact issue of decrease in ammonia supply. This doesn't really impact us, of course, because of our very solid supply of ammonia. What I would also say, I guess your second part of your question was, is this mean a premium for DAP? I wouldn't really expect a premium, but it probably will mean that it will be the first to sell right now at this stage; any fertilizer is probably pretty easy to sell. So I suspect there will be a pretty good price for TSP right now as we've seen in the market.
Joc O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks Chris. I think in my prepared remarks, I mentioned that our reg – sorry, our original expectation was that the Belarusian sanctions might come off towards the middle of the year and past. As we look at it now, we don't see how that will be resolved, especially now with Belarus working with the Russians in terms of the invasion of Ukraine and that being a starting point for their – some of their invasions. So what, as we look forward we see a fairly large gap this year. I think we've talked about 8 million tonnes of exports being lost from Belarus and around 2 million tonnes from Russia. We think the Russians will find ways to get things out by probably next year. And so in 2023, we still expect Belarusian sanctions, but we think at least the Russians will find more ways to get their product to market. So maybe it'll be a two-year problem and then even then it probably will take two to four years after that for the deficit to catch up.
Joc O'Rourke: Okay. Thanks Jeff. Well, let me start. I just mentioned that we expect BPC will reduce their exports by about 8 million tonnes, and that means that probably what they're going to ship this year has already been shipped or at least the vast majority of it. We have not seen or heard or been able to track down any BPC tonnes on ocean-born freight. The only tonnes we've heard that have been exported is early in the piece there was some export by rail through a very circuitous route through to China, but I think even that is dried up now completely. And Clint I’ll leave it there.
Joc O'Rourke: And then in terms of the working capital in our ammonia, I'm going to hand that straight to Clint, but obviously it does play in our finished products inventory, as well as raw materials that we hold.
Joc O'Rourke: Sorry, go into the wrong way. Sorry. Thanks, Adam. In terms of this year, let's start there. Our capital allocation strategy hasn't changed this year at all. Our goals remain the same. Strong balance sheet, we want to make sure we do take down the $1 billion of debt. We want to continue to invest in our business and we've got some really good, attractive, short term investments that we can make to increase production on the short term. And of course, because of that increased sales. And then the majority, of course, we expect this year, we're going to return to shareholders. In terms of looking at this from a multiyear perspective at this stage, we don't see anything in the large investment range that we think is going to give our shareholders, our stakeholders superior value. So we're focusing on those minor capital, high return, brownfield type projects, debottlenecking investor Hazy Mills, increasing the number of mining machines at are K3 mine, restarting the Colonsay second mill et cetera, and growing our footprint in Brazil. We think those are a much better way to add significant value to our shareholders over the midterm.
Joc O'Rourke: Okay. Thank you, P.J. Let me start with the reserves. The Fort Mead reserves, I think, you're referring to as our South Fort Meade, Eastern extension. And this is a normal part of the ongoing development of our phosphate business. So we're constantly buying new land, bringing in new reserves to our system. And what that does is that allows this business to run and sustainably for, you know, a long, long time. I'd like to say we – I came to the company and I think we had 35 to 40 years of reserves. And we have 35 to 40 years of reserves, 15 years later. So you can see where every year we're adding new reserves. So this is a big new area. But it's not expected to increase production per se, but to extend the life of our operations and our quality rock for many years to come. In terms of lithium iron phosphate batteries, Jenny is right up on the supply and demand and what China has been doing particularly on that front. So I'm going to hand it over to Jenny directly.
Joc O'Rourke: And let me remind you P.J. that while electric vehicles have been the focus, stationary batteries for wind and solar power becoming more and more important because of the variability of those power sources. And while the nickel CAD, lithium nickel cobalt batteries are probably smaller and lighter if you've got a non-restricted area, these lithium iron phosphates may be the long-term solution.
Joc O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Michael. Well let me say yes, in fact, Brazil probably will be one of the areas that we'll have some trouble getting all of the fertilizer they may want or need. We have seen record fertilizer demand in Brazil year-over-year for a number of years now. Likely that growth will probably stop or at least slow down a lot this year because of availability, not because of demand. However, when you look at our business, with our extremely good link in to ourselves, to our phosphate business and our link to CompuTax for our potash. We expect that our – we will actually have a pretty good opportunity because we'll be one of the retail/distribution businesses. It's very well supplied through this, and we've probably already seen some of that in that we had a very good inventory going into the start of the year. And now as the demand is picking up, we're there to take advantage of that. Overall, however, there will be probably some people in Brazil that won't get the product they need or want.
Joc O'Rourke: Okay. I'm not sure I fully understood your first question. Are you asking about the China and India contracts with Russia? On the first part of your question on, will those contracts dry up? If you've been muted, I'm going to assume that was your question, Luca. Okay. So thank you, Luca. On the first part of the question, which is, are the contracts with Russia and China, China-India, likely to dry up? Certainly in China, we have not seen the Chinese renew contracts with Bela-Russia or Russia. So other than the product coming by rail over the Euro mountain range, which is limited in volume to about a 1.5 million tonnes a year, we're not seeing, Russian or Bela-Russian tonnage come to China. In terms of India, we have seen phosphates make its way to India from Russia. So one would assume that the Russians will also try to move potash to India if they are looking for places where they can sell that product. In terms of the second piece of your question, you really only need to look at last year when the price to China and India was significantly lower than the market. And what we did was exactly what you said. We certainly made all of our commitments to those markets, but beyond our basic commitments to the markets any extra tonnes we move to to more profitable, higher priced markets. And there are significant opportunities for that this year. Last year, India actually renegotiated some of its pricing because of that. And you could see that happening again this year in both China and India if the prices as they are persist.
Joc O'Rourke: Yes thanks, Adrian. Well, let me start with the CF contract. The CF contract was written as an eight-year contract and with the option to extend at mutual agreement. So whether we would extend or not really depends on what the market looks like at the time. I would expect though, because from a physical perspective this is a good partnership. It's good for them and it's good for us. And I suspect we'll find a way to extend that beyond the original eight years. Yes, in terms of our captive production of ammonia at Faustina, we have looked at de-bottlenecking that a few times in the past. And I guess at these prices, it's probably we're, re-looking at that, but it's an older plant and we're not sure that that would necessarily be the best place to be investing money right now.
Joc O'Rourke: Okay. Well, thank you all for all your questions. To conclude our call, I would like to reinforce some of our key points. First, this was a very good quarter for Mosaic and our outlook for the remainder of 2022 remains strongly positive. We expect fertilizer supply to remain extremely tight for the foreseeable future as global crop prices, support demand and with these geopolitical situations restricting both fertilizer production and trade flows, we expect this to continue for some time. At Mosaic, our mission to help the world grow the food it needs has never been more important than it is today. And we are working to produce every possible tonne of fertilizers so that we can help farmers around the world to maximize their production. And in that we are confident that we can do our part while creating significant value for all of you, our shareholders. Thank you for joining our call. Have a good and safe day.
Clint Freeland: Sure. Thanks Paul. So as we think about 2022, I don't think our capital allocation priorities have changed. I think we continue to look for ways to strengthen our business through prudently investing, as well as strengthening our balance sheet as we've spoken about in the past. And I think as we look toward the balance of the year and our expectations around earnings and cash flow, I think there's an opportunity to return a significant amount of cash to shareholders as we've spoken about in the past. I think as we look at our capital investment program, I think we're finding opportunities to improve reliability, to find opportunities for de-bottlenecking, to again be able to produce at elevated levels given the market environment that we're in today. Also I think we have an opportunity to hit our debt target later this year with the maturity of another $550 million in debt that would get us to the $1 billion debt reduction target. And again as we look at the balance of the year and our expectations for the amount of free cash flow that we should generate, we should also be able to return a significant amount of cash to shareholders in line with what we've spoken about earlier.
Clint Freeland: Yes. Thanks Joc, and thanks Jeff. Jeff, I think what you're seeing is a combination of a couple of things. Typically in our first quarter we have kind of a seasonal dynamic where we have payables and accrued liabilities from the previous year. Things like Canadian taxes payable, things like compensation payables. We also have as an example in the fourth quarter, as the Brazil distribution business is building up its inventory and in advance of season, a lot of those payables come due in the first quarter. So I think there's a seasonal dynamic to our working capital that you're seeing, and I would expect that to normalize as we go through the year.
Clint Freeland: That's right, Joc. It actually moves through our working capital in a few different spots over kind of the evolution of buying raw materials through actually delivering and receiving payment from customers. So raw materials globally in total when you look at our inventory balance is depending on price environment it can be anywhere from $200 million to $400 million. I think it tends to be a little bit on the high end of that right now, given the pricing environment that we're in. But then as we use those raw materials, it'll go into inventory, but it'll go into inventory finished product at cost, and so it'll migrate obviously into that account. When we sell it though, and that's again at cost and so it's still a relatively small number, that'll really be driven by volume of finished product. But once we sell and deliver it to customers, then it goes into our receivables and that's where you see the full price of the finished good. And that's where you will tend to see the receivables grow pretty materially, because embedded in there is also our margin on top of the cost. So I would say it travels really through our raw material inventory, then into finished product at a full costing and then into our receivables balance at kind of full sale price to our customer.
Clint Freeland: Yes, no happy to. As you said, we remember that, that it is on a one quarter delay, but this quarter for the first quarter, which is representative of Q4 last year. Equity earnings for [indiscernible] was about $30 million to $31 million. So as Joc said, it is now profitable. I think we also keep in mind that because there's no cash to Mosaic associated with it at this point maybe a year or two ago, we remove that from our EBITDA calculation. So that's something to keep in mind as well as we go forward.
