James Prokopanko: Thank you, Larry. We've seen a number of recent reports expressing weariness with the long-term fertilizer story. I think I get it. We talk in grandiose terms about the need for global food security, the ever-growing global population, the slow increase in new land dedicated to agriculture, and we talk about it all the time. The reports I've seen, seem to imply we want to minimize the short-term challenges by diverting attention to long-term need. And I will concede, I think I've made the statement that we manage Mosaic for the long-term on just about every quarterly earnings call over the past few years. But the skeptic will say that the long term is like tomorrow, it never arrives. I'd like to address the skeptics with a few thoughts. First, as we've said many times, this is a cyclical business with higher highs and higher lows, as we move through time. That presents opportunity for all of us. Opportunity for strong companies to invest in the troughs, as Mosaic has done through this period and opportunities for investors as the cycle turns. The tendency we all have is to project current conditions on the long-term. To think that the present trends in global agriculture with commodity prices down will continue in perpetuity. History is not your friend, if you hold this view. Yes, agriculture is volatile, but its long trend is upward. Second, the short-term past and future has been and will be far less dire than has been portrayed for global agriculture and for the fertilizer industry, specifically. We remain solidly profitable at the lower end of the cycle. At Mosaic, we've generated consistently strong cash flows. We've used our balance sheet strength to make highly promising investments for the bright future ahead and we've returned significant capital to shareholders, all while generating good profits in tough times. And a further note on the short term. Farm economics, which lie at the heart of our business proposition, remain compelling today, particularly with corn prices back around $5 a bushel. The drop in commodity prices has been much discussed and it has decreased farmers' revenues, but at least as it relates to our business, the affordability of crop nutrients remains very compelling for farmers. That brings me back to the long-term. Listen, we tell the food story all the time, because we believe in it. Around, the world more people need to eat, more of them have the means to buy and consume protein and little additional land is being devoted to production agriculture. And therein is the sweet spot for crop nutrition. Sustainable intensification is essential to feed the world, and fertilizer used correctly is the most important means to that end. So what we have here around the bottom of the cycle is Mosaic generating solid profits and making big investments to achieve the tremendous promises of future. That's our story. It's true and it's compelling. One note, before we take your questions. I've been deeply touched and humbled by the outpouring of good wishes for my health, from those of you on this call and elsewhere. If people argue that the financial markets' crowd does not have a heart, I have proof to the contrary. I would now appreciate, if we can get straight to business with your questions. Thanks in advance for that. Operator, over to you.
James Prokopanko: Astute observation, something we've recognized ourselves, although just to make a comment on that, and then turn it over to Rick McLellan, leader of our Commercial group. We've seen that, I think we are now approaching one year since there has been some aggressive actions by the Eastern Europeans to build share in the marketplace. I think one year since they've made that decision, they're finding that -- and I made it in my comments, market shares may have increased, but when they look at their last restatements, I don't think anything is getting to the bottomline as a result of that. And in fact, I think it's been negative to that. So I think people are starting to recognize that they got to be more thoughtful about not just how much they sell, but what they earn in selling it and that's impacted some of our competitors willingness to-go-market.
James Prokopanko: Good morning. Kevin, welcome to the call. I'm going to ask Larry to help me out with detailing the timing of the $500 million. But this is something that the $500 million, as we previously announced at our New York Investor Day in October. The point I want to make is this has been a well thought-out plan, well detailed and considered. And in that context, at Mosaic, we pride ourselves in achieving what we say we're going to achieve, whether it's in strategy or operating performance. And I just want to stress that we are confident. We are going to achieve those $500 million of savings. We're really putting our shoulder to it, look to achieve much of those savings earlier rather than later. And I'll have Larry speak to the timing of that as well as what we are looking with the CF integration.
James Prokopanko: Matthew, I'm just going to add to that the principal hole in the potash demand story is, comes down to two countries, India and China. And that's where we've seen a lot, but we haven't seen the demand growth. In fact, we've seen retrenchment in demand. In the case of India -- in both India and China, it's not a matter of, if the demands are going to come back, it's going to be when. Messages coming out of India, post this national election, is that there will be material reform to the subsidy program. We think that's going to get corrected. The industry leaders in India believe that, the distributors believe it and most of the senior government people, I'd say, all the senior government people we talk to, they understand it. They get that they have to reform the subsidy system. So with the subsidy reform, we'll see demand come back. And in China, we're optimistic about the second half. We see a decent demand in this first half and with virtually all their contracts they have optional purchase agreements for the second half. But it's our view that they are going to exercise. So we're going to see, unlike we saw last year, only half-a-year demand from China. We expect full 12 months of good demand from China and see that market recovering.
James Prokopanko: We're going to have Joc O'Rourke address what's happening with those shipment numbers that you're asking about.
James Prokopanko: Those are rapid fire questions, and I'm glad you're asking about the phosphate business that we're quite excited about, very astute. Yes, we are building our phosphate muscles on the belief that we have a strong position in phosphate production, low end of the cost curve, and great assets in terms of 35 to 40 years of proven probable reserves ahead of us and a great location. No one better placed to serve the North American market than Mosaic. And for that matter, the South American market. We've looked at the world. We do see new production coming on stream. China has been a real dynamo over the last decade, increasing production of phosphates, not of the quality of phosphates that distinguishes Mosaic, but they've grown and going into some of the lower cost markets. And we've see the Middle East grow their phosphate business, and we've chosen to be part of that with our modern investment. So as we look with at the phosphate growth, we see supply growing at about the same rate that we see demand growing at. We think our home court advantage is principally the western hemisphere and we are extremely well-equipped with the assets we own and operate today to serve both Latin America and North America. Our investment in the Ma'aden project is going to give us the capacity to better serve the Asian markets. And finally seeing that the commodity phosphate market has become somewhat some competitive, we have turned much more of our attention to our specialty products, MicroEssentials, that we have just announced an expansion that will take us to nearly 4 million tons of production capacity. That will be up and operating, I think is within 18 or 24 months, Joc O'Rourke can correct me that if I'm wrong, but MicroEssentials has been a homerun for us, both in North America and international market. So yes, it's more competitive, but Mosaic has become more of a competitive company, both with the specialty products and the geographic dispersion of our production capacity.
James Prokopanko: The Southeast Asian market since six months ago was probably ground zero where we saw prices come down or weaken. And since that time of about six months ago, and I would say, probably Malaysia was the epicenter of where we saw some low pricing, I think we've seen some recovery -- not think, we have seen recovery as markets have tightened up. Rick McLellan just came back from trip to both India and China and he can give you some first-hand commentary on what we're seeing, as recently as two weeks ago.
James Prokopanko: Good to here from you, Jacob. It seems like it's been a while since we've chatted. The two questions you're asking about what we see or you asked about market share that we had a plan to increase share in North America. I'm not so sure that it was a plan to increase share as to increase our returns and our profitability in North America and that's what drives us. Market share, yes, it's an important, but it doesn't add to EPS by just having more market share if you can't do that with the greater gross margin. And I'm going to have Rick talk to that. We've had a good quarter. Our program of exclusive space and supply contracts and early placement of potash, the fourth quarter and early in the first quarter served us well this year. We've seen a nice increase in our uptick in sales of potash. I'm going to ask now to turn it over to Rick to talk about just that market shares and then let him address the premium pricing in North America over international pricing.
James Prokopanko: Rick, I'm just going to add one other item. And that's what we've seen developed recently is the Indians differentiating pricing based on quality. China has been growing, we've said a couple of times have grown their phosphate market and it's a real grab bag of quality. There is some very good quality and there is a lot of very poor quality, low nutrient content, lower than normal nutrient contents and a poor granularity in the product. The Indians now are differentiating and they're calling out various tonnages that they are looking for by quality. So Mosaic being a high quality phosphate supplier, I think is leaving us in a good position and giving us a competitive advantage. And with that that's going to conclude our call. I'd like to reiterate our key themes for this morning. First, despite the external challenges, Mosaic continues to deliver solid results. And I'd just like to call out, here we are at a cyclical trough we believe and we are posting very strong operating cash flows of $627 million this quarter. And I think that's up over last year and has been about close to eight quarters since we posted that kind of a number. Second, we've taken advantage of the downward part of the cycle to make great investments and financial progress in our strategy and in our balance sheet. From joint venture in Saudi Arabia, and acquisitions we've made in the Florida and in Brazil, to major share repurchases and our significant effort that's now being applied to reducing cost, Mosaic really is making some strong moves and delivering on what we have said that we would do in the past. And finally, our strategic and financial strength of Mosaic, positioned to accelerate as the cycle turns upward. We're achieving our vision to become the world's leading crop nutrition company. And I'll just make out a strong point that we have our assets in some of the most stable, politically stable, economically stable markets in the world, countries in the world, Canada and the U.S., rule of law assured, reliable operations that our customers are coming to appreciate in this day and age more and more. With that, I'm going to thank you all for joining us this morning. And please, have a great and safe day. Thank you very much.
Richard McLellan: PJ, we just got back from a trip with Canpotex to China and the rail shipments did come up when we were there. They are down year-over-year 46%. And whether that's a function of weather related, we're not really sure. But the one thing we do know is that the shipments by vessel are up, which frankly for us being a vessel shipper makes great sense, and we're pleased about that. We think that over the year, we're going to see real shipments start to ramp back up into the northern part of China, but it bodes well for more tons being needed to be shipped-in in the second quarter or in the second half. And I think that's the piece with China change in rail that will be helpful to the market or constructive.
Richard McLellan: As we look at the potash market and we look at our capability is to deliver, we're shipping into North America at frankly the maximum capacity we possibly can. We saw really good growth in the first quarter, 58% year-over-year growth in the first quarter into North America for shipments, and so some of that has to taper off. In phosphates, it was direct opposite. We saw about 17% increase. So we had more phosphates to deliver to the market in the second quarter. So we think overall phosphates or potash will be relatively flat. And phosphates are going to grow frankly because we're going to have the CF tons that weren't included in our forecast previously. As far as field potash programs, the price increase that we've got in place is holding. And frankly, I think with the issues that North American dealers have seen with rail performance, they're not going to wait to depend on the rail lines to improve. They're going to get product into place in the summer. And frankly, it looks that if at worst we see the price staying stable, than frankly, there is opportunities for it to move higher.
Richard McLellan: If you look at the Southeast Asian market, we think that prices are being floated in that 340 to 350 range right now. And there is getting some legs underneath those. It still has to play out about how well they're accepted. The key piece to understand is this is a true standard market. There is no granular heads to there. And so if you look in the granular side on the markets, getting the improvement in Brazil and probably in our North American markets is going to come because of overall tightness of granular, coarse product. And there is an issue with finding homes for all the standard product. So that's what created a portion of the impact in Malaysia. And the other piece though that's quite positive is the changes for Southeast Asia, which is really a major palm market, just the increase in palm pricing year-over-year, it's going to lead to demand. And China and India continue to be the other main markets for standard potash. And those markets are starting to move much better than they did last year.
Richard McLellan: As we think about our programs into the North American market, our warehousing agreements are working just fine. And they've allowed us to position product as we saw in the first quarter ahead of demand, which is exactly the way we described it as we rolled it out. And that's worked for both phosphates and potash. So we're really quite comfortable with those agreements as they go forward and it helps us make sure that our customers are properly served. I think the surprise that everyone had in distribution is the fact of how serious this winters impact was on the rail systems and that's yet to play itself out, but we feel very good about those warehousing agreements. The second question is one that we look at. And on the premium for prices versus international, I think that as you think about it, North America was always the highest price market in the world, Europe has passed that now, and both have something in common. They are granular markets that have distribution businesses that don't buy in vessel quantities. They buy in railcar and train quantities, some times truck. And so the issue that we see there is there should a premium in North America from a logistic standpoint. And because there is imports coming to the center Gulf, the price reflected in North America when you back away the freight, net backs to those international producers at a price that's very much equal to delivered Brazil. And we've talked about that before and we just have to remind ourselves that the North American and European markets are true granular markets.
Richard McLellan: Just coming back from India about two weeks ago, I got a flavor for what was happening there. Right now we're seeing them stepping in to buy tons. And so the things that are driving that are, first, the government have put out and published the subsidy rules and pricing for P&K and nitrogen. So that led to them stepping in. And secondly, is that India will get served by tons coming from China and from the Middle East first. And those contracts are going into place now. We expect India to import through the year between 5 million tons and 5.1 million tons of DAP. And we expect in this period from arrivals from July through November, which means shipments from June through October that they will purchase 4 million tons. They've yet to step in to buy that amount of tons and it's because they're becoming a spot market. The one real positive is that last year when we were in this period, we saw a weakening trend in the rupee and ahead of this year's election, you've got a rupee that's at 60 to the U.S. dollar, which is much stronger than it was last year, which frankly is going to be one of the drivers that leads to increased demand in India.
Lawrence Stranghoener: Kevin, as Jim said, this is part of our program we laid out at our Analyst Day meeting. We're targeting $200 million-plus in each of the operating units over the next five years. We're targeting $50 million-plus from corporate over the next five years. As Jim noted, we'd hope to get, and expect to get, the bulk of that over the first two to three years. Note that, much of this program is intended to offset the effects of inflation. Particularly, in phosphates, we're already at the very low-end of the cost curve. And so the program there is intended to allow us to fully offset the effects of inflation and remain at the very low-end of the cost curve. In potash, we're currently on the wrong side of median on the cost curve. We intend to get to the left side of median on the cost curve. And so the desired effect is to offset the effects of inflation and then some. And in incorporate as we've discussed with you in the past, we've recognized for some time, we have an opportunity to do things more efficiently and more effectively, and we've gone about a program that's just being implemented, as we speak, to get the kinds of savings that we've outlined. On top of that, as you've noted, there will be significant synergy savings with the CF. We're delighted by what we've seen so far with CF and the opportunities that we have there. We expect to begin achieving meaningful synergy savings in calendar 2015, so some of those will extend into 2016 and beyond. Note that, as a result of this, this is a multiyear program. One should not expect to see substantial savings in the current year, certainly not in the second quarter. But you will see these savings over time, it will allow us to remain a very cost competitive player in this industry and that's our primary intention.
Lawrence Stranghoener: Joc, I would just to add on the margin in the second quarter. I think it's probably a product mix issue, as we'll ship more internationally, where netbacks are lower. And so while operations will be performing at a higher level, I think we'll have some wins in our sales, because of the product mix.
Lawrence Stranghoener: And I'll just add to that, Jeff. If you look at the history, and I think we've had seven consecutive years of continued phosphate growth in world demand and this is one that just keeps in the background, just keeps growing year-over-year. And that again just underpins our belief that the phosphate market is a very good market to have a position in. And I think going back to the previous question about the U.S. industry. We see the U.S. industry continuing to be a very large stable industry, playing a very steady role in the global market where growth and demand will be met by some of the new entrance or new capacity coming from the Mid-East and North Africa.
