James O'Rourke: Thank you, Rich. Before I discuss the outlook, I would like to acknowledge Jim's remarkable leadership over the past decade. I am entering my tenure as CEO with an excellent foundation and an extremely promising future for Mosaic, and Jim deserves a great deal of credit for that. Now, on to our view of the future. Our outlook for the reminder of the year remains positive with good demand from the big four agricultural regions. I'll go through them one at a time. In North America, the extreme wet conditions in the Eastern corn belt have reminded us once again that agriculture is unpredictable. At the start of the season, it look like it might be another record crop. But expectations declined and then recently rebounded again. Despite these swings, today, our products remain affordable and provide good value for farmers. Irrespective of near-time market volatility and swings in sentiment, at Mosaic, we manage for success across the whole cycle and for leverage in good times. The secular trend remains undeniably positive. In China, demand is underpinned by high crop prices with nearby corn and wheat futures trading at approximately $10 $12 per bushel, respectively. MOP shipments climbed to a record last year and are expected to be higher in 2015. Demand is accelerating. Phosphates are a different story in China. We expect Chinese exports to be in the 8.5 to 9 million tonne range this year, which is higher than our previous estimate. Global supply and demand is likely to remain balanced, however, due to multiple production challenges in other parts of the world. Our most recent demand forecast is around 65.5 million tonnes. Stable stripping margins in the first half of 2015 offer a good proof point of balanced supply and demand. We will continue to watch closely both the level of exports as well as the broader GDP growth in China. Elsewhere in Asia, India has been a bright spot. Our expectation for 2015 shipments continues to increase. In addition to second quarter DAP imports at levels more than double last year, industry potash sales in India are up almost 10% in the first half of 2015. This is despite uncertainty about the government subsidy until just a few weeks ago. The Indian government's new budget included few changes for agriculture as expected, but it did provide more certainty for farmers. As a result, we expect continued strong demand in India through the second half of the year with the monsoon season and the rupee on our closely watched list. Jim described the economic challenges in Brazil. While the country's economy and currency remain volatile, fertilizer demand is emerging with the improving availability of credit and stable global grain prices. Soybean prices in reals are very attractive. And if they are going to plant in Brazil, farmers have to fertilize. Imports in Brazil have been lower than last year, but the new demand is helping Brazil catch up with expectations; that in turn, bodes well for the second half of the year. And as we've done in the past, we continue to play a market leader role, leveraging our global presence and allocating tonnes to maximize value. Most recently, we moved tonnes to North America when Brazil demand was delayed. So, dynamics are quite different from region to region. Overall, demand for our products is strong and we expect good demand for the remainder of 2015. At Mosaic, we are focused on the things we can control and we feel great about our progress. We're generating significant value from our long list of strategic initiatives. We're positioning Mosaic on the left-hand side of the global cost curves. We've integrated our acquisitions well and we've returned substantial capital to our shareholders. We have developed a highly resilient model for softer parts of the business cycle and we are beginning to demonstrate substantial earnings leverage in good markets. There will be much more to come from Mosaic and I look forward to discuss our strategy with you in the months and years ahead. Now, I'll turn it back to Jim to moderate your questions.
James O'Rourke: Thanks, Steve. In terms of bolt-ons, obviously our footprint in Brazil and Paraguay offers us a great opportunity. Today, we're focused on our core products. I would say that doesn't say anything for the future where we couldn't look at bolt-ons. We'll certainly be looking at other areas in Brazil where we can expand out to key markets where we're not adequately represented, but those will be relatively small add-ons as opposed to big step-outs.
James O'Rourke: Yeah, Vincent, in terms of quarter three, basically we have our shutdown quarter, where we have a turnaround on all of our big operations in potash during the month of July and August – or sorry – August and September basically. But in that, you have exactly what you said – you have a lot more absorption – we'll be running at 60%, circa 60% run time versus 90% last quarter. But on top of that, we will also be absorbing all of the cost of the maintenance of those shutdowns. So it is a single quarter event. Underlying all of that, our costs in terms of our manpower costs, our productivity costs, our equipment costs, they are all significantly down from where they were before. So we feel we're very much on track with our new cost regime and we see that coming back as soon as we get through our shutdowns. But no question, this quarter will be highly impacted by those turnarounds.
James O'Rourke: Yeah. So, let me finish that whole thought there, Ben, with the – first of all, the expansion. As you're well aware, we added $225 million of capital about a year ago now, which will take our total capacity up to 3.5 million tonnes. And as Rick says, we continue to have opportunities to grow that product in a number of places around the world. But let me also take a step back and talk a little about the patents that we have. As Mark mentioned, those patents were being – the infringement case has been basically thrown out. But more important necessarily than the patent protection is there's a heck of lot of art and skill to producing MicroEssentials. So, we don't necessarily use the patents as the only protection against the IP. There's been a lot of copycats, but what we've found so far is that they haven't competed agronomically. And certainly from a manufacturing perspective, nobody has come close to what we make yet.
James O'Rourke: Yeah, Andrew. So on the question of ammonia pricing. There is a fundamental, probably tightening of the ammonia market – sorry, when I say fundamental – a slight tightening of the ammonia market that will happen in the second half of the year. Trinidad gas restrictions, ammonia going to urea, et cetera, both will impact ammonia. But we see that as a pretty slight increase in cost of ammonia. The other one that's probably tightening at the second half of the year is sulfur, where if Indian demand – or sorry – Chinese demand continues to be high for sulfur, there's a reasonable differential between North America and international sulfur. So, we could see some strength in the sulfur price as well. However, in sulfur, with the building of our own melter, we should really be able to change the dynamic of that for Mosaic. So we're seeing slightly higher prices, but I don't believe it's going to hurt our overall stripping margin by all that much.
James O'Rourke: Mark, in terms of your question about logistics in phosphates, with the heavy rains we've been having in Florida that could have some impact on logistics. We don't expect we won't be able to – we expect we will be able to work through that – but it's always a risk. In terms of our potash shipments, we really don't see anything on the horizon; we're clearly going to be drawing down inventory because of our turnaround schedule. But in general, we don't see logistics being a big impact for quarter three. Those are normally, if they're going to hurt us, will hurt us in that quarter four and first quarter where we have the winter months in Canada.
James T. Prokopanko: Good morning, Steve, and it's great to have you on our call this morning. Welcome back. The strategic value of our investment in Brazil is – this is one of the most rapidly growing agricultural zones in the world. Bit of a wobble this year with credit issues, with some broader economic issues in Brazil, but agriculture remains one of the real, real bright lights, bright spots in the Brazil economy, and it will continue to be that. So, being in one of the fastest growing agricultural zones with new acres coming in is important to us, number one. Number two, that is part of the north – that's part of our home court advantage is the entire Western Hemisphere. Nobody can better serve that market, particularly on phosphates, than Mosaic can. And we look at that as a destination market for our phosphate production produced in Florida and for potash production. And just a great farm economy, excellent farmers; they understand the value of fertilizers. They need it to produce the kind of crops they want to produce in Brazil, so we can't not be there. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Joc now to speak to what some of the ideas he may have about bolt-ons, and then Rick is going to speak to the credit risk that we see in Brazil. Thanks, Steve.
James T. Prokopanko: Yeah. Good morning, Yonah. I'm going to leave the mic with Mike Rahm and then Rick McLellan will give some color on what he sees happening in the market, and then Rich Mack will speak to your question about the Ma'aden project. Over to you Mike.
James T. Prokopanko: And P.J., I'd just like to just reinforce what Rick did say. The optionality we have with the global distribution system, particularly Latin America, Asia, Southeast Asia with operations in India and China, throughout Latin America, it gives us a tremendous flexibility to move product where it's needed, to hold it back where we don't have room or move it to other locations. So, it's something that is really starting to show its value in this organization. Thanks for the question. Next question please.
James T. Prokopanko: Well, thanks and good morning, Vincent. I'm going to – I'll miss answering all your questions in my free time ahead. You could maybe give me a call at home once in a while and ask what's going on. I'm going to turn this over to Joc in a moment, but I just want – and thanks for recognizing what has occurred in our potash costs. We've brought them down tremendously from well over $100 to – in the $89, $85 range – and that's with inclusive of brine cost. So, I think it's some of the lowest potash production costs in North America and competitive with just about anywhere in the world. And that was done through – that didn't happen by accident. There was a lot of work done by our potash business unit, focusing on developing ratable capacity to achieve lowest cost production objective. So, a tremendous job was done; we believe it's sustainable. There will be little blips ups and downs, but we have really found the way to effectively be world cost leading producers of potash. Joc, you can speak to the future.
James T. Prokopanko: Okay, Rick, why don't you talk about the economics. I'm going to have Joc just speak to the production expansion after Rick addresses the economics of MEs (38:20).
James T. Prokopanko: I'm sorry, we're just going to have Joc speak to the question about where we're going with our production expansion, where we're at with that.
James T. Prokopanko: Hi, Joel. I'm going to have Rick address the question on the market in Brazil and then I'll touch on the legacy in Canpotex.
James T. Prokopanko: Thanks, Rick. You asked a question about legacy and what would happen if Potash were to acquire K+S. Really no comment and we have no insights on what's going to happen with that, with those – with whatever discussions or whatever is going on. But legacy in Saskatchewan, if they were part of Canpotex, I don't see what the issue would be. I personally don't see Mosaic having a objection to that happening, and Canpotex is a extraordinary organization in terms of being able to deliver potash to world markets at the lowest logistics costs anywhere, along with the brand that Canpotex has in the market for – our governance, how we do business, the quality of business. So, I would have a little doubt that others would want to be part of Canpotex if they were producing potash in Saskatchewan. Thanks, Joel.
James T. Prokopanko: Good day, Andrew. Rick's going to speak to the market question and Brazil and Joc could address the ammonia material costs.
James T. Prokopanko: Good morning, Mark. And good to hear from you and thanks for that positive comment. I'm going to have Rich Mack, our CFO, speak to the impact of what he is seeing on working capital in Brazil, and then Rick or Joc can speak to the logistics questions impacting North America.
James T. Prokopanko: Well, good day. Good day Andrew. Thanks for those comments and it's been a pleasure working with you and your keen interest in the crop nutrition sector. I'm going to turn the global potash view over to Mike and he can just give his view of what he sees.
James T. Prokopanko: Okay. With that – and thank you, Mike – with that, I'll conclude this call. First, please allow me a brief personal note here. The decade I've been spent – I've spent leading Mosaic – has been one of the most fulfilling times in my long carrier in agriculture and I'm pleased that I've got to know so many of our investors and really got to know them quite well and analysts around the world. Thank you for your interest in and your confidence in Mosaic and its future. Mosaic today, hardly resembles the company that debuted on the market in 2004. We've built the best combination of talent, assets, financial strength and global reach in the crop nutrition industry. Mosaic is in excellent shape and is poised for tremendous success in the year ahead as the world's leading crop nutrition company. And my last bit of advice to those on the phone, don't bet against Mosaic and don't bet against the world's growing appetite for food. I look forward to contributing as an Advisor and Director with Mosaic until next year and look forward to watching Mosaic's extraordinary progress over the many years to come. Thank you for joining us today, and please, everybody have a safe day. Good day.
Richard N. McLellan: Yeah, good morning, Steve. It's Rick. We do have credit risk there. We have managed it over the last 15 years very well. There'll always be credit risk in Brazil. We feel real good about the quality of customers we have and the quality of the credit that we offer there.
Richard N. McLellan: Hi, Yonah. It's Rick. I just add on to what Mike said, is the one structural change that we see coming is the expected implementation of VAT in China that likely is expected to happen in September and that will put a further floor under export price capabilities.
Richard N. McLellan: Very good question, P.J., and good morning. Frankly from our perspective, we see globally right now, the demand growth happening in both India and China. And we see that Brazil, when we think about what's going to happen in the second half, the shortfall in Brazil occurred in the first half. So, we're expecting strong movement in the second half there. I think you're – you may be also describing what we did on phosphates, where we moved phosphates into North America instead of – or into India and instead of North America and now we've held back tonnes from going to Brazil into the North American market. So through the year, our ability and our flexibility from our distribution businesses as well as our strong home court advantage, allow us to move product around and not effectively impact the ability of us to service our customers.
Richard N. McLellan: Yeah, good morning, Don. On Brazil potash, if you take a look at what's happened in the first half, and then take a look at what our full-year forecast is for demand in Brazil, it would tell you that we're going to have to have a very strong second half shipment of potash. There is still the headwinds on credit; there still is the volatility that's happening with the currency. But through it all, it's a very strong agricultural environment. And there will be a lot of people that want to farm with a pencil and paper, rather than let the farmers decide what they're going to do. And the farmers in Brazil, if they're going to plant a crop and you have to give that as a given, then they're going to have to fertilize. So that's where we expect what's happening there. In North America, I think it's a function of working through inventory that was built in the first half. And so, we expect kind of normalized shipments in the second half, with the exception of last year, we looked at people filling in that December period. And so year-on-year, we don't know whether people will step in and buy in North America in the second half. And so – after they get done the fall season – so we've pulled down our forecast for the back half to reflect that lack of fill potential, that could come in that December period.
Richard N. McLellan: Yeah. Good morning, Ben. On MicroEssentials, we continue to ship on demand in those two key markets, Brazil and North America, although we are developing markets in Central and other parts of South America. And so as we look for future growth, I would say there is still growth potential in North America; we've been constricted by our production capabilities. The key piece for us is the returns for farmers are still there versus their traditional phosphate fertilizer programs with MicroEssentials. So, the ability for the dealer to charge a premium and ourselves is there. As we look at other growth markets that we'd like to look at once we get expanded production that Joc's going to talk about, one of the markets we'd really like to look at that's similar to North America is Europe. And so we're still doing some work on that.
Michael Rahm - VP: No, that is correct. I think we went through and revised our estimates of effective capacity based on what happened last year. We believe with the big surge in demand most players were operating about as hard as they could. So we went back and revamped our capacity estimates, and the operating rate that we estimate in 2015 is 91%, and that's based on our projected shipments of nearly 60 million tonnes and our estimate of effective capacity of about 65.7 million tonnes.
Michael Rahm - VP: Yeah. I think we talked about some of the delays and deferrals that are taking place in the market this year, plus I think a big factor is just what's happened to exchange rates. Every major supplier of potash around the world is benefiting from the strong dollar. And that I think naturally puts some pressure on potash values. So I mean I think you've seen some of the financial results, where despite the fact that the prices have remained constant or moved down in some markets, profitability remains very good, and I think you can attribute that to changes in currencies.
Michael Rahm - VP: Hi, good morning, Yonah. Nice to talk with you again. I don't think it's so much I'd characterize as discipline as just the strength of the fundamentals in the phosphate market. We know that before, that first half Indian imports were up 2 million tonnes and there's a long litany of production outages worldwide. You can start with the closure of Mississippi Phosphates, the Suwannee River plant, the production problems in Tunisia, Israel and you can go on and on of about eight or nine different outages. So frankly, I think, the market needs those tonnes and that's then the pull, much more so then anything going on within China in terms of market discipline or whatever you want to call it.
Michael Rahm - VP: Sure. I think it's much more of the former, Chris. China has contracted by our estimate for firm tonnage of about 7.4 million tonnes for delivery by vessel and that assumes a certain amount of rail deliveries as well. They also have about 1.7 million tonnes of optional tonnage. So the numbers that we showed on that slide reflect the expectation that they will execute on their optional tonnage; and if they do, that totals about 9.1 million tonnes.
Michael Rahm - VP: No – good morning, Adam – no, we haven't changed our view all that much. We have narrowed our shipment range from 58 to 60 million tonnes to 59 to 60. And I can tell you that our point estimate right is at the very upper end of that range. And as we noted in earlier question, our assessment of effective capacity is a little bit over 65 million tonnes. So that results in an operating rate of about 91%. So, we think fundamentals remain constructive or positive. I think we noted on another question that prices have not – have softened a bit – but I think that's symptomatic of the fact that all major suppliers are benefiting from a very, very strong dollar.
