Rick McLellan: Thank you, Clint and good morning. On behalf of all Mosaic employees, I'd like to say our thoughts continue to be with our China employees and the people in China as they manage not only the direct impacts of the coronavirus, but also the challenges they are facing with restricted movements, supply shortages and the uncertainty of when normal daily operations will resume. Since keeping farmers healthy is critical to protecting China's food supply, we are in the process of procuring face mask to distribute to rural farmers through our local operations and business partners. These small efforts are greatly needed in the region and we hope this assists in stemming the spread of the virus. Beyond the imminent humanitarian issues, we know there will be impact in China's supply and demand for both phosphates and potash. Approximately 30% of Chinese phosphate rock, 30% of China's DAP, and 45% of China's MAP are produced in Hubei province, which is the epicenter of this outbreak and has been subject to the most restricted rules enacted to reduce the spread of the virus. In Hubei, phosphate production facilities have been on extended shutdowns and we understand the second round of shutdowns has been enacted from February 16 through the 29th. We believe the earliest these plants could reopen would be sometime in the first week of March. Plants that had already resumed operations outside of Hubei province are now running short of raw materials causing some of them to reduce production. We believe the overall phosphate production shortfall will ultimately be two million tonnes in the first half of 2020. Based upon surveys our China team conducted, half of the NPK and blend plant operators surveyed stated they have about two weeks of raw material on hand once they return to operations. This is a very low level. If phosphate prices are attractive we do expect China to be able to ramp up to recover a portion in the back half of 2020. For potash transportation issues have hampered movement of product away from the ports and will impact ongoing contract discussions. However, spring is near and the government is working proactively to ensure the return of logistics support for agricultural products. When workers are able to safely return to duty in the plants and in transportation, the resumption of normal operations is expected to be slow. But once trucks return to the road, we expect potash will move from the port to the blenders and on to farmers, creating a need for additional potash imports during the second quarter. We continue to monitor the situation and how best we can position Mosaic in these markets and expect to provide an update later in March. I'll now turn the call back over to Joc to share our updated strategic priorities.
Rick McLellan: Joc, I think, the only thing that I would add is that on the demand side, we see two real clear pushes for increased demand. One is in North America where we're going to have 10 million to 15 million acres of production brought back in compared to 2019. And that in turn will improve demand in North America. And the second is in Brazil and South America where grain prices and the currency are pointing farmers towards a big second crop corn. There's challenges with weather as there always is. But the farmers are following the economics. And we've seen some of the Q4 demand that was sitting still in Brazil now get pulled into Q1. So it bodes well on the demand side.
Rick McLellan: And I'll just take it from there Joc. Good morning, Adam. As we look at China demand I think Joc hit it in that there will be disruptions in planting and usage. But the Chinese government and again this morning in China they repeated a mandate on the importance of prioritizing movement of fertilizers and agricultural products to the blenders and on through to the distributors. So they're going to do everything possible to make sure that what gets produced gets moved to the farmer. And if somebody has a view of just what the impact of all that they've got a better view insight than we do. And we believe we have a very strong view. The second is North American dealers and distributors have stepped into the market in a nice way in the last kind of two months almost. And it covered up the things that the volumes that they needed to just effectively take care of Q4 and get ready for the spring season. And it's a good time for us to kind of explain why we brought back up Bartow. If we look at what's in the distributor inventories, they're about normal for this time of year. When we look back to our own facilities, we were getting empty. There's a bit of an axiom that you can't sell of an empty production warehouse, so we had to bring the plants back up, it's that simple. And we've seen prices continue to strengthen during this period and we're seeing prices in Brazil for MAP in the $335 to $340 range and we believe there's opportunities for that to strengthen and we've seen a big push in North America, despite some wobbliness as imports come in. We're selling 285 barges at NOLA. And if you take a look at Brazil prices it would equate to something near 300 for NOLA. So all indications right now, we've continued to have -- we're going to continue to have to move product into the marketplace to assure we meet the spring demand.
Rick McLellan: Sorry. Yes, Steve. Good morning. I think, that Joc has hit the majority of it. I think your question is, what drove the pricing to where it was. I think the weather conditions, as we've kind of talked about, drove pricing to where it was and excess of imports coming to the U.S. Gulf compared to what the demand was at the farm level, that displacement of time really put the pressure on pricing at the Gulf. And so, as you look for demand increases for 2020, as we've got in the model for North America, I think one of the things you have to take a look at is the ratio of P&K to the commodity prices. If farmers follow money and where phosphate and potash prices are today, will certainly lend itself to increased farmer applications, on a per acre basis. And that's the only other point, I'd add to what you said, Joc.
Rick McLellan: Yes Joc. Good morning, Andrew. I think as we look at this, the China contract is going to be driven by how fast those port inventories can be drawn down because there's no more inventory -- saleable inventory being sent to China. So we're below 2.5 million tonnes. We see that being drawn down probably accelerating as this direction from the government to move inventory into position to the blenders and on to the farmers was reinforced this morning. So, we think that has an impact. The other market that doesn't get talked about that is really, really important and saw some significant decreases in 2019 is the Malaysia and Indonesia market. And frankly, palm oil prices have jumped up quite considerably. They've corrected recently, but the returns are there for palm oil producers, and we see a significant demand growth there. It's one that we don't talk about enough and maybe gets lost in the noise of Brazil, China and North America, but it's a significant market and we will provide significant opportunities for growth in 2020.
Joc O'Rourke: Yeah. Thanks Mark. Yeah, good morning. Ma'aden's performance so far I guess this is a mega project close to $8 billion of spend. It is ramping up and continues to ramp up. While I think the final answers to that should be with the Ma'aden company to answer how they feel about the ramp-up. From our perspective, it's ramping up about as we expected. I think they'll add another 0.5 million tonnes this year of production. So by the end of this year we'll be close to -- on track with that project for final production levels. And we still expect similar price impact benefits to Mosaic as that project completes. It will be a low-cost producer. It gives us diversity of supply particularly into markets like India and Asia. So we still think it's a great project. It was ultimately a needed project in global S&D. So -- and that's about where it stands today. Thanks.
Joc O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks Jonas. K3 as we've stated a number of times, we've actually accelerated that project a couple of times now. And with that comes an acceleration obviously of the capital. The capital spend over the next couple of years I believe is in the $300 million range per year, but then ramps down quickly after 2021. In terms of where the project is at we have completed the first shaft it is running. We have completed the conveyor over to K2 already. It is running and in production that's where the 600,000 tonnes has been moved -- of product has been moved. We are ramping up very quickly. We're ramping up a single new minor every three or four months. And we'll soon have a conveyor over to K1 and then the second shaft running. So, we'll be at full capacity in a little over two years and that will completely complete that project.
Joc O'Rourke: Okay Chris. I think the easiest way to answer that is obviously sulfur prices have been coming down quite a bit lately. Obviously, the difference between solid sulfur prices and the liquid molten sulfur prices makes the difference. As we go forward we're looking as low as in the mid-60s for sulfur price into the first quarter. I don't see any reason with a lot of sulfur inventory and IMO 2020, et cetera. There's really no strong reason for that sulfur market to tighten. And if we look at inventories around the world, for example, China with three million tonnes of inventory sitting on the ground there's plenty of sulfur in place for the near term needs. So, I would expect continued weakness in sulfur pricing which as you alluded to is positive for our stripping margins.
Joc O'Rourke: Thanks Ben. Let me hit a couple of these and maybe Rick McLellan might add some color to it. As we see the market on a macro scale as Rick mentioned in his remarks, the first piece is China will certainly be down. I mean Hubei province has been down. So, China's capacity will be down. We also expect that they will focus that production that they do make in the first quarter certainly on internal or domestic requirements and then they'll make up some of that in the second half. And we expect that some of that will come back and that it is needed for global supply and demand balance. In terms of new supply, as I said, we have new supply from Ma'aden as it ramps up. OCP has pushed back their new phos asset capacity until the second half of the year. But ultimately this year, we expect they will be also bringing on new capacity per our expectations. So we expect in that case that we will have a relatively balanced market without any changes from China. But the strong growth demand will take up all of that and then some which will need from like I say China in the second half.
Joc O'Rourke: And let me just add a clarifier there, Rick. Potash was really following almost exactly the same process. And in China, the movement will be from the ports to the blenders and then to the farm. So both those commodities will be moving much the same way. Thank you.
Joc O'Rourke: Sure. Thanks, Don. I'm going to hand that straight to Rick. I think we've had -- actually had some sales recently in Brazil that would significantly push that price. And as we realize those Rick, you've got a better handle on that.
Joc O'Rourke: Thanks, Jeremy. Yeah, look, we do expect some of that tonnage to come back. I think each company who curtailed in the fall will look at the demand expectations they have for the spring going forward and make sure that they have sufficient product for the needs. On the basis that the demand recovery will be in the range, we believe in the range of 2.9 million tonnes even with the ramp-up of the other operations we still expect there to be some deficit that which will have to come from the existing players bringing back new production. In terms of our decision for Colonsay, I'd just like to give you a little color on that. The way we're looking at that is the combination of inventory and capacity ramp-up at Esterhazy which has been as we've talked about significantly better than what we originally planned some 8 years ago has allowed us to meet what we believe is market needs without the Colonsay operation for the near term. We leave that in -- what I would call standby condition, so that if the markets do improve more than what we are expecting then we would be able to bring that up at some point in the future.
Joc O'Rourke: Thanks Kendall. Look the way I would suggest, we look at it and I would suggest you would look at sulfur pricing is, in a weak market it is hard to have the consumer absorb the price of the raw material changes. In a stronger market, we often expect that the raw materials are basically a flow through. So what I would -- what we look at is what we would call the stripping margin which is really, what is the margin without the raw materials in it. And so in that way, yes it may -- the price may come down if the sulfur price goes down, but our profitability will not change.
Joc O'Rourke: And just let me add too. If we look back to last year, India settled in the spring without the Chinese and then again in the fall without the Chinese. So, it doesn't say that the Chinese isn't an important benchmark market, but it does say that the other needs will at some point take precedent and they will have to deal with their own needs in their own countries.
Joc O'Rourke: Yeah. The simplest answer there is it wasn't actually based on business performance. The business performance has been probably better than what we expected. It was based on currency and DAP and MAP pricing. So, the payout is now complete. The payout will be zero.
Joc O'Rourke: Yeah. Thanks Michael. Yeah I think that's an important question. As we sit at the very bottom of the market that becomes a question obviously. If we look going forward, if you go back our 2021 target has been -- 2021 target that we talked about at Investors Day, has been to hold our cash cost of mined rock flat over the time frame. So basically, I think the number we came to you with was about $39 per tonne. Likewise, our cash conversion cost as we go through some of these transformations, we expect to go down into the mid-50s to high-50s. So, long-term, we – with our transformation efforts can really drive significant cost out of our system compared. And if we look at our – basically our rock plus conversion cost, we believe we're in the best quartile position. And certainly, overall where we believe we're firmly in the bottom half of the cost curve and probably in the bottom third of the cost curve. As such, through market, this is a pretty attractive business and we intend to continue to improve that business to make it even better.
Joc O'Rourke: Yes. Let me just add one thing before we head off because I think we're running out of time very quickly, which is, look, this year we also absorbed a bunch of costs through idling our plants, we don't expect that to repeat itself. So when you look at our cost you will expect them to be more in line with long-term improvements because we have made underlying improvements. So let me summarize before we go here. Markets are improving and we expect the global demand for both phosphates and potash this year to increase and be strong. And also we expect that to continue into the years ahead. As a company, we've made tremendous progress. We're managing capital effectively. We're maintaining our market discipline and taking actions to permanently reduce our cost base while growing long-term value. So with that, I'd like to say thank you very much for listening to us. And in terms of the questions that you may have with respect to the modeling, Lucy and Laura will be available to answer your questions. So please go ahead and have a safe and happy day. We'll see you soon. Thanks. Bye.
Clint Freeland: Yeah. And Don, this is, Clint. I'll maybe add a couple of things, here. Because I think part of your question was about kind of, when do we expect to begin realizing, the change in pricing. And I think that what you're touching on is something that's really important for investors to consider, when they're modeling our company. And that is the lag between, when you see liquid benchmark prices move versus when you actually see it in our financial statements. And as I mentioned, in the prepared remarks, we'll be putting out a kind of an investor education deck. And that is one of the topics that will be addressed is how people should think about the lag and realizing prices and not only on the revenue side, but also on the raw material cost. I mean in general, kind of a rule of thumb is there's typically call it a 2-month lag between when you see prices move. And when you actually see it, show up in our financial statements. And then one other thing that may assist people, on this front, just to monitor that lag and to see things as they realize are some of our monthly disclosures that we've talked about putting out going forward, around not only volumes, but also realize revenues on a monthly basis. So again, that will be another data point that people can reference to, to calibrate that lag.
Clint Freeland: Yeah. Hi, John, it's Clint. No, I think that certainly is something that we can include in there for investors reference.
Clint Freeland: Yes. No it isn't. Good morning. I think that would be kind of the starting point would be the $20 million that we spend on idle costs at Plant City last year, obviously that will not affect us this year. So you would see an improvement there. And then I guess the other things that you would need to factor in not only finished goods prices but also update raw materials, also update volume expectations and then overall cost targets. So to the extent that you would adjust any of the volume targets as far as sales. Also think about what that does to cost per tonne, also think about what that does to idle costs relative to this year. So I would say that those are just a number of things to keep in mind as you model that business.
