James C. O'Rourke: Thanks Adam. Look, let's go through these I guess one at a time. We have looked at – let's start with phosphates and then go to Brazil. But clearly, our thinking on Brazil has moved forward particularly since we've got CADE approval for our project and now that we know a lot more about what we're going to see there. So as we look at that, we still believe in the strategic benefits of this project, but we also know that we can find some significant synergies that we – that weren't available to us or weren't obvious to us as we looked at this from a higher level. So, in Brazil, our expectations and drive is to always make the most of this business that we can. And we think over the long-term, this is still a great strategic move. In terms of phosphates, yes, we have looked at the phosphates and looked at how new production is coming online. We've looked at how we play in the market and we're really using the same playbook as we used in potash a number of years ago, which is improve your overall margins of your business such that you're more competitive in any stage of the market. In terms of the dividend, we've always had a stated goal of a 2.5 times debt-to-EBITDA ratio. By taking this action today, we're ensuring that we can get to our stated credit metrics under any set of market conditions. I'm going to let Rich make another couple of comments.
James C. O'Rourke: Sure, Vincent. Let me look at this from a high level to start with. There's really a couple of buckets. Those are traditional synergies and then what we're calling operational improvements. And some of those, I'm going to give you some actual examples, because I think that really helps set the stage of what those are. So from a synergy perspective, you have all the normal synergies that we would expect, SG&A and others, but some of the ones that people may not think about, for instance truck freight. We spend probably $0.5 billion in Brazil in the combined business on freight and that will – we expect to by working on lower freight rates of the combined business and utilizing backhauls, we can save about $8 million. Likewise on rail, the Mosaic distribution system will now have access to the TIPLAM port and the VLI rail system. We can save $12 million there. Raw materials, sulfur, ammonia and limestone, by combining our two companies buying power, there is about $12 million. So there's some real substantial areas of improvements. Vale Fertilizantes has already gone through and to give them their credit, our procurement strategy for 2017 that will yield us $14 million year next year. They've gone through increasing the size of their trucks, which will yield them about $7.5 million next year. So when you add these up, the normal synergies added to the SG&A, we're very comfortable with our $125 million number. The $150 million number is going to take us a little longer to get, because those are the operational improvements that we believe we can make. And to get there what we've done is we have benchmarked our existing businesses and other businesses in the area and said, what level of efficiencies can we achieve and we've looked at this area-by-area in a great amount of detail. I was just in Brazil on Challenge sessions for all of these last week, and I think Rick and his teams have a very comprehensive answer to how we're going to get to those numbers. So, Vincent as you say, likely there's more, but we're committed to where we're at. And let me give Rich some time to give some more color to that as well.
James C. O'Rourke: The other thing just to note on all of what we just mentioned, very little of that requires investment to get there. There will be obviously some offsetting costs, but they won't be as great as you might have expected in other situations.
James C. O'Rourke: Thanks, Andrew. Let me answer that this way. We are constantly looking at how we can best deliver the most economic product to our customers that we can. As such, we are constantly assessing not only our efficiency, but our overall footprint and how that's affected. So, we have done this in the past and I think you can assume that we will take similar leadership steps when the time comes to look at it in the future. As you're well aware, we've already shutdown both Hersey and Carlsbad MOP and those types of actions show that we're willing to take the actions required to operate for margins not for necessarily just tonnage.
James C. O'Rourke: Thanks, Jonas. Happy Halloween to you as well. So, our rock strategy is a little bit influx right now and I don't want to be indirect, but we need – certainly we need less rock and there is an implication to that at least over the next year. But recognize that in the next couple of years, we will have to move from our existing mining areas to what is the owner deposit, so either the South Pasture Extension or the Four Corners Extension. These two moves will require us to have new rock sources in the future as the existing South Fort Meade mine runs down. So to get there, today, we're probably build up a little bit of inventory using South Pasture, but recognize that inventory will be depleted as some of these other mines wind down. Also with our increased ownership of Miski Mayo that will definitely have a positive impact on our rock balances. So I would say in the next six months, we'll have a more comprehensive look at not only how can we optimize rock supply against our system, but how can we increase our flexibility and minimize the capital required for that whole system.
James C. O'Rourke: Thanks, Don. I'm going to turn that over to Mike to talk about that. But before I do that, let me say we've made these plans irrespective of what we expect to see from China. So in other words, as you saw in the charts in the presentation, we think we've by taking the actions we've taken, the market will be constructive for the next few years irrespective of what China does or assuming China just stays where they are today. With that, I'll hand it over to Mike to give some color on the long-term S&D (30:13)
James C. O'Rourke: Thanks, Michael. Yeah. Absolutely, the fall seems to be coming a little late and people are still focused on harvest, but I'll hand it over to Mike and Corrine to talk a little bit about the fall season and how that's progressing.
James C. O'Rourke: Thanks, Oliver. I'm going to hand this pretty much straight over to Mike. But yeah, we have a very constructive demand picture for potash over the next couple of years and Mike will give you the details.
James C. O'Rourke: Thanks, Jeff. If your question is what's the cost to implement? Most of what we're doing in the first year or so is pretty low cost. There might be some small capital and there'll obviously be some restructuring charges that we will incur. I'll hand that over to Rich to talk a little bit about what that might mean in terms of the unit cost, if that was your question. And in terms of how much lower our U.S. production will be. Mike specified, we will be closing in the range of 1.5 million average tonnes per year. We can make up probably up to half of that over the next couple of years through our other operations if we run them harder. So I would say net-net, just under a 1 million tonnes of production would be lost post closure.
James C. O'Rourke: And just to give some specifics, I think today we announced that the cost this quarter will be circa $330, spot ammonia today or our last ammonia contract is $305. So, they're almost identical right now.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay. Thanks, Sandy. I'll give you a short answer to this. As we said earlier, this whole rock strategy is probably what I would call still in flux. We have been doing testing recently though to check how effectively we can use Miski Mayo rock both in Louisiana at higher levels and in Florida as a blending material. Miski Mayo rock to Louisiana from Peru is actually quite inexpensive, because we bring it in as a backhaul from most of the exports from the U.S. Gulf. So, it tends to be fairly inexpensive to ship product from Peru to Florida. As a matter of fact, I think it's cheaper to ship product from Peru to Louisiana than it is from Florida to Louisiana. So, in that sense, it's a more than legitimate source of product for us, particularly for Louisiana. But we'll give you a lot more detail on that as we get a better understanding of our overall rock needs and particularly with Miski Mayo, what contracts do we have, what is the best use of that rock compared to whether you sell it in the market or whether you use it for your own purposes.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay, Dan. Obviously going to hand this fairly quickly over to Mike. But as Mike said, the growth in shipments are very broad based, it's not one country anymore, it's a number of countries that seem to be increasing their demand and improving their agriculture, right.
James C. O'Rourke: Thanks, Chris. Yes, absolutely as per our announcements. We think that Ma'aden has a substantial competitive advantage because of freight into India and Asia, which is why we're focusing our Florida production into Central America, South America and North America where it has a competitive freight advantage. So, I'm going to let, Corrine talk a little bit about how those develop and our expert strategy.
James C. O'Rourke: And let me say that while those will be the focus, clearly because we have such a good geographic diversity now with production in Brazil, production in North America and production in Saudi, we can arbitrage those markets as we see fit. So, that doesn't mean it's an absolute that we will only ship to Asia from Ma'aden, we may well still ship from the U.S. if that makes sense. And if those markets are slower, so it really gives us a strategic advantage around the world. This is our last question here please.
James C. O'Rourke: So, let me close here today by saying Mosaic continues to use its leadership position to make the right moves for the long-term strength of the company. We intend to be the most competitive we can be in any market going forward. So with that, thank you very much for your time and your questions. Have a great Halloween.
Richard L. Mack: Thanks, Joc, and happy Halloween, Adam. I think, Joc covered it. I would simply add, I think it's comparing us to today versus April. I would say, it's been a market leader and been proactive and responding to the current market environment. And so, I think that Mosaic has had a track record of taking tough decisions when needed and we believe that the transformational actions that we're talking about today are going to have a very positive impact in the marketplace.
Richard L. Mack: Right, and Vincent, I think you're asking a very good question for context. And so when you set these synergy targets, you're doing it with a limited amount of due diligence that as you're signing up the transaction. And what's happened during the course of 2017 is we have had an ability to have hands on access to a lot of additional information particularly after we got antitrust approval which was only in August. And so we've had some very in-depth work with consulting firms that have identified the operational transformation that Joc highlighted. And obviously there is a lot of opportunity on the external spend amount. And so you're right, normally you would close the transaction and come out with numbers, but with the underperformance of this business in 2017, we thought it was important to try to put a little bit of context on how we're viewing it for today's call.
Richard L. Mack: Yeah. Alexandre, we would expect – there's a number of different benefits that come as a result of the idling of Plant City. In the short-term in the fourth quarter, we'll have a severance charge of somewhere in the vicinity of $20 million and then we would expect that we will see cash savings in 2018 of roughly $40 million to $50 million and that's comprised of capital, less capital spend and it's also comprised of working our best assets in Florida harder and reducing our conversion costs.
Richard L. Mack: And, Jeff, I guess I would just add. We will provide more detail once we get the deal closed with respect to Vale Fertilizantes on a little bit more of a deep dive into some of the expense categories and numbers and costs to achieve. But as Joc noted, I think the vast proportion of the targeted $275 million savings by 2020 are going to relate to things that don't require a lot of investment. I mean certainly there will be severance costs related to any people impacts that could be associated with that. But when you start talking about the external spend categories, raw materials, chemicals, MRO supplies, logistics, energy those are just aggregating our purchasing power along with what is currently maintained by Vale Fertilizantes and harvesting a lot of savings that don't require any upfront capital or expenses associated with it. And then similarly, when you start talking about the bottlenecking operations or increasing wrench time, better asset utilization, again this is operating philosophy and maximizing your per unit costs as much as possible. And there will be some small capital expenditures that will be associated with that, but we do not believe that it's going to be significant. So, more details to come in a few months.
Richard L. Mack: Yeah, John, it's going to – it really depends what spot ammonia prices were there at and as they fluctuate in the money or out of the money calculation is going to move. And so I would think of it as shared producer economics, not solely producer economics and it's really tied to the movement in natural gas prices plus what spot ammonia prices are. And today, yes, it's underwater less so with some of the most recent ammonia price increases that we've seen in the last couple of weeks. But over time, we expect that there will be periods where we are in the money and there will be will be periods where we're slightly out of the money.
Richard L. Mack: Sure. So, Joel just some context I would give, 2017 has not been a good year at Vale Fertilizantes. This is an asset being held for sale, their leadership, their principal leader and their financial executive, I think were gone in the April or May time horizon. And if you take a look at it historically, it's have a lot of volatility, there's no doubt about that, there have been years in the last five or six years, a couple of years north of $500 million of EBITDA contribution, the low watermark in that period of time was probably in the $150 million or so range and only one year that we see any sort of performance below $200 million in EBITDA. We do not believe that there is anything structurally wrong, at least as best that we can tell from our vantage point today. And we have had a number of kind of interesting issues in 2017. FX is one, we can't control FX and by the way our numbers on the $275 million do not include any improvement from a financial perspective in terms of foreign currency, so we're not banking on that. But Joc noted, I think the principal ones, they've had a number of production challenges both on the chemical side of it and also on the mining side. Miski Mayo, we know that that has flooded, that's a multiple millions of dollars. There is incentive compensation based at this subsidiary – based on the parent company's performance which is tied to iron ore, that's a significant chunk of money that is influencing their financial performance this year. They've had a couple of fires that have had some downtime with respect to their operations and Joc talked about the transition from mining operations which are inherently inefficient. And so, our base would be, we would say $300 million and normalized annual EBITDA should be what you see on a through cycle basis, some years higher, some years lower. And the actions that we're taking, the Mosaic imprint on it should be on top of that base. I hope that's responsive to your question.
Michael R. Rahm: All right. Thanks, Joc and good morning, Don. Yeah. Let me just – I think we can treat it in a fairly simple way. In 2018, we expect that global shipments will grow almost 2% or about 1.3 million tonnes. And with the idling of Plant City, if you look at our 10-K, that plant has produced about a 1.5 million tonnes over the last three years or so. So, you have about a 2.8 million tonne hole to fill. And if you look at the new capacity that's scheduled to come on stream next year, we believe Ma'aden will probably produce 1.5 million to 2 million tonnes and the fourth hub that comes up, probably I think OCP has indicated that will not come up until the first quarter, so call that a 0.5 million to 750,000 tonnes. That gives you about 2 million to 2.75 million tonnes of potential new supply to fill that hole. So I think in the best case, there will need to be a few more tonnes coming from the rest of the world. And our plan is to optimize operations, try to squeeze more tons out of our existing plants in Florida. So I think, in short, we talked about – this hopefully shifts this cycle forward or up about a year in terms of the overall supply and demand balance. With respect to China, we certainly admit or recognize that we made an early call on China and jumped the gun a bit. If you go back to our Analyst Day, we had talked about China exports this year dropping into the 7 million to 8 million tonne range and clearly, we were early on that. And part of that is due to the fact that demand has just been so good throughout the world, whether it's been in Pakistan, Indonesia or whatever. If you look at the Chinese Custom Statistics, there are some very, very impressive increases in Chinese exports to the major Asian markets. But we do think that and Corrine can probably comment on some of the trends. We do think there will be significant structural changes that take place in China and over time, we think that industry is going to evolve into one that's a little bit smaller, that's going to be more profitable and operate at a higher and more consistent rate. And the bottom line there in terms of our global long-term supply and demand, we still think China needs to be an exporter or supplier of probably 6 million to 8 million tonnes of high analysis phosphate products to meet global demand.
Michael R. Rahm: And just one thing I would add is that, after the Saudi Arabian project comes on, there's very little new capacity in the pipeline and we see the global operating rate trending upward over the next five years.
Michael R. Rahm: Yeah. Good morning, Michael. Yeah, as you know, the harvest is late this year. As of yesterday, I think 54% of the corn was in the bin versus five year average of about 72%. Soybean harvest for all intents and purposes is nearly complete, at about 83%. So we're beginning – as the soybeans are removed, it kind of opens things up for fall application for P and K, and our expectations are still very good. When you look at 2018 new crop prices and big round numbers, we're still looking at $4 corn, $10 soybeans and $5 wheat prices. And we do believe that farm economics remain constructive for P and K demand, and I think that's evident in terms of the interest that we've seen. The other factor that I think Rich mentioned in his comments is just the fact that we've had tremendous harvest the last four years or so. And agronomically, there is a need to replenish those soils. Given more moderate and stable P and K prices, we are seeing farmers step up to the plate and replenish some of those soil nutrient levels.
Michael R. Rahm: Sure. I'd characterize demand in three ways. One, it's very strong. We're expecting basically 3% growth. Over the next five years, we're not an outlier by any means. I think you look at CRU forecasts are at 3.3% CAGR for the next five years. So we're looking at strong growth. Second characteristic we're looking at very broad based growth, is kind of like the OECD countries that are all showing positive economic growth for the first time in several years, kind of the same thing applies to potash. And thirdly, we're looking at less volatile demand growth. If you look at demand over the last six years, I think three years it was up, three years it was down, all the growth took place in 2014. We think the next five years are going to be much more consistent in terms of growth. As far as specific numbers go, our current point estimate for 2017, we think we'll end the year with shipments of 4.4% or 2.7 million tonnes and that's certainly one of the key drivers of the improvement in prices that we've seen. For next year, we're projecting a point estimate about 65.2 million tonnes. We're using a range of 64 million to 66 million tonnes in terms of where we think shipments will go next year.
Michael R. Rahm: Yeah, thanks, Joc, and good morning, Dan. Let me just say at the onset, our demand forecast for China do not take into account any of the recent developments related to biofuels. And I think that's a big uncertainty that we continue to examine. If they develop as much biofuels capacity as they have indicated, I think that's a bit of a game changer in terms of demand. So, let's put that aside and just look at how we see demand evolving. In the case – and in the two different situations in our view, we're projecting I mentioned 3% compound annual growth rates for potash. And we think China will be among the leaders of the pack, because China still does not use enough potash relative to nitrogen and phosphate. So, as they attempt to achieve better nutrient balance improvement in nutrient use efficiency, expanding their production of oil seeds as well as feed grains, we think there's upside in terms of Chinese potash demand. And in fact, we have that growing essentially I think it's in that 2% to 3% range. In the case of phosphate, we think it may be a little bit different in the sense that China has developed a big phosphate industry, they use a lot of phosphate. And as a result, we have a bit flatter outlook for phosphate demand in China. As I said, if there is a biofuels development that all could change and certainly with higher support prices for various crops and whatnot that could happen. So, China is a good growth engine for potash. We think it's a very big stable force for phosphate long-term.
Michael R. Rahm: I'd just say in terms of our five year demand projections, Brazil is near the top of the pack. We would expect growth rates to continue in that 3% to 4% range or better. I think all of the trends that are in place now we fully expect to continue. Just as to throw out some numbers right now, I think the reais closed yesterday at BRL 3.29, the March soybean contract closed at BRL 99.5 (59:15), that's $32 or almost BRL 33 per bushel of soybeans. If you look back and take a look at an average since 2010, that's been $28 and even the average since 2015 has been $32. So soybean economics despite all of this noise in the market, is strong as it's ever been. So we think that that will continue to drive expansions in soybean area and every hector sector that's brought into production is equal to about a 0.5 tonne of nutrients. So no, we don't – we haven't changed our view at all in terms of the potential strength of the Brazilian market.
Corrine D. Ricard: I would just add, you made a comment about the rock import deal. And I think this is further evidence of a clear environmental policy that is happening in China which will be part of contributing to the rationalization, that along with a very, very high debt level. We're seeing the government being very stringent in their enforcement for the environmental rules and it's impacting the nitrogen market and we believe we will see it in the rock exports as well. And don't forget we've got a significant tax coming in 2018 related to environmental compliance, which should increase cost between $10 and $15 for the high end of the non-integrated producers. And so significant impact both on the cost curve, I think in the long-term, we will continue to see the rationalization we've been expecting.
Corrine D. Ricard: And while we've got a late harvest, we have seen some terrific fall seasons in these past years with big shipments happening really through December even. And so, we're still looking forward to a strong fall.
Corrine D. Ricard: No, I would agree. In fact, I think you actually see very tight inventories in India and some of these Asian markets that have had really strong demand and are unable at this point to even secure enough offers from some of these markets.
Corrine D. Ricard: Sure. As Joc mentioned, our Asian markets will probably be best served from our joint venture in Saudi Arabia rather than shipping all the way out of Florida. We do expect our freight advantages are largely in the Americas. And while there is a lot of competition there, it's a market that lots of our competitors like to hit as well. It is a primary freight advantage for us. And so, we'll be focusing pretty heavily on the Americas and our forward export strategy.
