James O'Rourke: Thanks, Laura. I'd be happy to. Last week, the Department of Commerce announced final duty rates in the CVD case, having adjusted them from the preliminary rates that we announced in November. The final rates are about 20% for OCP, 9% for PhosAgro and 47% for EuroChem. We really appreciate the work the Department of Commerce has done in this investigation and its efforts to enforce our trade laws. We're closely reviewing their findings to determine whether additional upward adjustments are required. Also last week, the International Trade Commission held its public full day hearing. The ITC is charged with determining whether the subject imports caused injury to the U.S. phosphate industry. We continue to believe that our injury case is compelling, especially given the undeniable surge in imports during the relevant period. The price effects of those imports and the resulting harm to the U.S. industry, which manifests itself in plant curtailments and closures, job losses and reduction in market share, production capacity and revenue. We're thankful for the ITC's work on this case, and we look forward to its vote on or above March 11. In terms of the current and expected imports into the U.S., we've seen the expected trade flow shifts, such that the U.S. market continues to be well served with phosphates. Our main concern is that wherever the supply comes from, it needs to be fairly priced and not priced based on highly subsidized production that comes at the expense of a free and fair market.
James O'Rourke: Thank you, John. Importers that have increased their sales into the North American market include the Australians, the Jordanians, the Egyptians, the Saudis and the Mexicans. All of these have also been excluded from this market due to the subsidized imports. And so now we're seeing freer and fairer trade. I'd encourage you to look at our market update deck published on our website where Andy provides some historical context as well.
James O'Rourke: Thank you, Artem, and Jonas. I'm going to hand this straight over to Clint to give you a little bit of a background on some of the moves in our taxation in the quarter.
James O'Rourke: Thank you, folks. Soft commodity prices are at multiyear highs, and the expectation is that these strong ag economics will continue. So what that applies for us is continuing strong demand for fertilizers as farmers seek to maximize their production. Our quarter 4 shipments were definitely strong and they lowered our inventories even further, which means that we will be constrained by production capacity as we move into 2021. That said, our phosphate volumes are expected to include up to 150,000 tonnes from our joint venture, MWSPC, and we will bring to NOLA that as we work to meet the U.S. customer needs. As a result, we expect our quarter 1 shipments to be in line with historical performance as we work to meet what is pretty strong demand despite the strong volumes, we saw in quarter 4. A few extra things to consider. In both phosphates and potash, we will maximize our production at operating facilities, but we don't expect to be able to build our own inventories prior to the North American spring season. We believe channel inventories across products and regions are lower than normal, which minimizes the potential for deferrals of fertilizer needed for upcoming seasons. We expect to keep more of our U.S. phosphate production here in the U.S. to meet those customer needs.
James O'Rourke: Thank you, again, folks. Look, today, we're running our assets at [indiscernible] and we're working hard to meet all of our customer needs. In terms of increasing production, we're going to meet the needs of the customers with our production. So we have places where we can probably debottleneck over time. Now Colonsay remains idled, but we would consider bringing it back if the long-term economics and the demand was there to justify it. So again, we're not going to bring production on that isn't required, but we do have some latent capacity that we can use if market conditions demand it.
James O'Rourke: Thank you, Vincent and Artem. Two things are happening here. First, a large portion of these tonnes simply relate to a catch of sales through Canpotex to meet our portion of full year sales. And the remaining reflect reduction of our Canpotex inventory deferral. So basically, pretty simple stuff. Remember, these are lower-priced, lower-margin tonnes compared to other sales. And when you net out all of our nonnotable typical year-end noise in the quarter, the net impact to EBITDA was virtually zero.
James O'Rourke: Thank you, folks. Look, I think the surprising outcome here is really centered around the Indian contract, where BPC was the first mover. And as you've heard from other suppliers, including Canpotex, settled at a price that was, what we believe, lower than what market fundamentals were pointing towards. From our perspective, the price doesn't represent the reality we're seeing or the tightness of the market and pricing and other jurisdictions highlights this. I can only speculate as to what motivated BPC to do that. But given the political uncertainty in Belarus over the last year, there may have been nonmarket drivers that played into it. In terms of Mosaic, given that we sell internationally through Canpotex, we're going to allow Canpotex to do what it was set out to do. And therefore, we won't be negotiating contracts on our own or on calls like this. But it is important to keep in mind that contracts involve, prices, volumes, grades and durations. Not to mention any number of other terms, which can impact producer economics and which we believe will come into play given how tight the market is. We would expect Canpotex to take a holistic view as it interacts with Chinese and Indian buyers.
James O'Rourke: Thank you. What we saw last year with regard to Chinese exports is they fell by approximately 800,000 tonnes, down to 9.3 million total tonnes. From a capacity standpoint, we believe capacity was reduced by - in 2020 by roughly 1 million tonnes year-over-year, both due to closures and product mix shifting. This was in line with our expectations, and we'd characterize that magnitude is significant. It is expected that in 2021, capacity is going to be stable, but at the same time, domestic demand is likely to increase once again. And our fairly conservative export forecast may be too high. The Chinese government has indicated the desire to increase phosphate operating rates. Our analysis already points to a relatively high operating rate in the Chinese effective capacity. So even if we were to assume a dramatic step higher in Chinese utilization of, say, 5 percentage points, that would increase export availability by no more than 1 million tonnes. And upside growth in domestic demand could easily absorb a portion of those tonnes.
James O'Rourke: Thanks, gentlemen. Look, historically, our quarter 3 margin per tonne is the highest of the year in Brazil, reflecting the seasonality of demand and the economy of scale that we see in that quarter. It's normal to see a decline from quarter 3 to quarter 4. This year, though, it's probably exacerbated by additional impact of delaying our [indiscernible], which negatively impact our fixed cost absorption. The movement of the Brazilian real from 5.6 [Technical Difficulty] the end of the quarter also caused a noncash, noneconomic translational impact in the COGS, lowering gross margin by about $13 million. Looking ahead, we continue to make great progress towards our transformation goals, and we expect to see our margins continue to improve because of that over time.
James O'Rourke: Thank you. Our market share in Brazil in 2020 was roughly 18%. But remember, what is driving this? Domestic production and a vast distribution network that gives us a dominant market access position. Our production rates are 3.5 million tonnes of phosphate concentrates in Brazil and about 0.5 million tonnes of potash. Now regarding quarter 4 specifically, we think it was a combination of factors, but market share growth was definitely part of it.
James O'Rourke: Thanks, Ben. Thanks, Jonas. Look, on the U.S. specifically, as we've said before, we do expect the trade flows are going to adjust and find a new normal after the final determination of the CVD petition next month. Now U.S. and international prices will have to be basically at parity adjusted for things like freight differentials. So in other words, if the U.S. prices are high, it will bring in new imports. And if U.S. prices are more parity with the markets, maybe people will be less inclined to imports. So prices will take care of it. Trade will work as trade is supposed to work. And we expect that, that convergence will take place somewhere in 2021. More generally on global pricing, markets are efficient at finding equilibrium. It appears that demand is on very solid footing, given the recent commodity - ag commodity prices, but a few seasons of above trend yields could calm those markets and slow demand growth. And we can never forget the potential impact of weather on both yields and our ability to apply fertilizers. Now we are expecting current prices to modestly lower demand in India given the current subsidy scheme.
James O'Rourke: Thank you, Adam. Look, the first thing to keep in mind is that some of the recent New Orleans pricing reported at the high end of the range was published in the trade publications. And there were very little volumes actually attached to them. So excluding those data points, the delta is actually quite a bit smaller. We have worked hard to meet our customer needs as well. And so in this rapidly moving market, this means we've committed to sales, in some cases, ahead of our production. This would push the lag between market prices and realized prices higher within our ranges of, let's call it, 45 to 60 days. But given the current price environment, you are absolutely right. If benchmark pricing holds, you will see further price increases realized in the second quarter.
James O'Rourke: Yes. Thank you, P.J. We believe in our third-party sources such as CRU really reflect this, that we are solidly within the second quartile on a cash cost and production basis. But as you know, we continue to strive to push ourselves lower on the curve. Now conversion costs, obviously, don't include raw materials of sulfur or ammonia. So what I'd lead you to is we published a modeling deck in February 2020, where we are - and we're in the process of updating that. The sensitivities have been updated in our recent earnings release. This deck also describes the impact of inputs on our production. And so you can follow-up there with Laura or Paul for additional details. Thank you. That concludes our fireside chat part of this call. We'll now open it up to further questions. Operator, can you open it up to the audience.
James O'Rourke: Sorry. Thank you, Steve. Let me just make a couple of comments. Yes. In fact, the federal government in China has said they will loosen their fertilizer restrictions. And they've also said they want to increase the rate of fertilizer production. And obviously, those are to help their own food security. Let me ask Jenny Wang, if she can give a little bit of details there.
James O'Rourke: And Chris, let me just add to that as well. I mean the limit to Chinese export may well be structural as well as price because I think the - the very top end producers will have costs higher than that, but also a lot will be redirected to - or some of that will be redirected to the domestic market. So it's not quite as simple as a breakeven price.
James O'Rourke: Sorry. Yes, Jeff, thank you. Let me take that in 2 pieces, obviously. First of all, in terms of the Department of Commerce and the ITC, they are independent and their determination is meant to be independent. So the DoC decides the level of subsidization and the ITC decides whether or not that the presence of those imports has caused harm to the U.S. industry. So technically, I guess they're not related, but I suppose there's got to be some element of relationship that says, well, if you have subsidized material coming in and it harms you, that there's a problem. So technically though, I don't believe they're related directly. In terms of the equity loss, most of that is Ma'aden and I think we've talked about before where Ma'aden is delayed by 1 quarter. So we report our equity earnings or losses from Ma'aden a quarter in arrears. And so if you look at the global price of phosphates today, I would expect certainly a much lower equity loss or for that to turn to a gain at some point. But again, that would be my expectation.
James O'Rourke: Yes. Thank you, Adam. Certainly, as you say, there is a lag, and we've talked about it. In terms of lag in sulfur, there's also a lag for both sulfur [Technical Difficulty] for ammonia. What I would point you to there, I guess, is just the stoichiometric requirement. Our need for ammonia represents about [Technical Difficulty] tonnes per tonne of DAP produced. Our use of sulfur represents about 0.4 tonnes of sulfur for every tonne of DAP produced. So as you can see what that means, if sulfur moves from the $60 to the $90 some that it's at today, a $30 increase in sulfur is going to add something like a $12 increase to our overall price. So in sulfur, you should be able to take fairly much the Gulf price or our quarterly price and work that in. In terms of ammonia, again, same thing, except that, obviously, we produce 1/3 of our ammonia. So that is at normal cost. 1/3 of our ammonia is - 1/3 or so of our ammonia is produced by CF on a long-term contract. And then we only buy about 1/4 of our - 1/4 to 1/3 of our ammonia on spot. So on that one, it's much more dampened, if you will.
James O'Rourke: Yes. Okay. Well, let me start with phosphates. Yes, we've actually had some problems in our Faustina plant with freezing. Louisiana isn't a place that freezes very often. So we actually probably will have a couple of days shutdown of that plant, in different parts of the plant. So it's definitely going to have an impact on that. The other area, interestingly enough is moving ships and unloading and loading sulfur in the Gulf of Mexico and [indiscernible] and different parts of the river are definitely - are definitely being impacted. But again, we kind of look at this as being just normal course of business. These things happen. No different than when you have to slow down for hurricane or anything else. So we're well prepared to deal with weather events. In terms of potash, I guess the good news there is we deal with this every year in Canada with cold weather. And so the railways and everything else, the supply chains are well equipped to deal with this kind of cold weather. Although you will remember a few years ago where snow actually delayed the delivery of potash to the Midwest.
James O'Rourke: Okay. Got it. Let me start by saying good morning, Joel. In terms of our main fertilizers being potash and phosphates, we haven't seen elevated inventories of those. I mean if you look at last year, I think the - in the final analysis, the use of fertilizers is going to be another record year, and I think it's going to top 37 million tonnes in Brazil. So there really was a big, big pull particularly in the third and fourth quarter in the country. And so we don't see elevated or above normal elevated inventories right now. In terms of the Belarusians or anyone else selling fertilizer into Brazil, I guess what I would say is those sales once made are what they are, and they don't affect the other - the rest of the SMB. So if they have below market sales, and we're seeing this with India, China, that it really has not impacted other sales because people need the product. They're willing to pay the market rate for those products. And market rate has moved up. So normal supply and demand is demanding that people pay more for the potash. And particularly, we're seeing that in Brazil, which is almost like a market leader in the potash market.
James O'Rourke: Thanks, John. That's a really good question. I think look, if anything, I suspect the reason for it is because we've been focused on it for a long time, and we've set very concrete goals. We just set new goals for both air and water recently in terms of CO2 emissions and water use. But those are followed from 5 years of goals that we achieved over the last 5 years. So I would say, first of all, in terms of the basic environmental projects, we've been very focused on that for a long time. We certainly understand that as a resource company, we have to be more aware and more conscious of our impact on the environment. We believe we do an excellent job of running when we're running and then recovering and reclamation after the fact. And I assume that, that is a big piece of what they are recognizing. And again, while that's not why we do it, we are, of course, honored that they would recognize us in that way.
James O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Michael. It's a great topic. We've talked about this before, where the K3 project has run significantly ahead of schedule. And it looks like, I think we'll be telling you soon probably slightly under budget. So for a 10-year project or an 8-year project, that's a pretty pleasing outcome. In terms of the design, we expected to produce an extra million tonnes of potash from K3 when it was at full production. That amounts to about 3 million tonnes of incremental ore. So when we say we'll be up to 3 million tonnes, that means we'll be running virtually the whole incremental capacity of K3. Now what happens after that is K3 slowly takes over all production at the Esterhazy facility over the next couple of years. And what does that do for cost? The cost of - first of all, the cost of production instead of producing it, let's say, at Colonsay, we have all the fixed costs. This is all coming in as incremental tonnes. And this is a good part of the reason why we believe our cash cost for mining is going - at Esterhazy is going to end up somewhere below $60 a tonne, probably in that $50 to $60 a tonne range. And that will really drive costs out of our system, and we've talked about $100 million this year from the - producing tonnes from Esterhazy versus Colonsay. So that will continue. And it will continue to go down slightly from here. The other one, of course, is brine cost and brine cost I think peaked at $200 some million a year. They will be basically immaterial by the end of 2021. So we think that's another big improvement. And don't forget as well for Clint's comments, by pretty much by the end of 2021, we'll start ramping down the cost - capital cost of Esterhazy, and that will be another big move towards better cash conversion for the company.
James O'Rourke: Yes. Okay, Mark. What I would say from our integrated operations center is - it's really the first phase of it. And I wouldn't say that we've really seen in terms of our cost per tonne yet, too much of what the - what that impact is going to be. But that is the basis - the integrated operations center and I think there's a picture of it in the slides. I mean it's - I got a chance to actually run one of the pit cars and it's pretty exciting how remote mining and whatnot is going to start changing things. And I - what I will say is that, that is the basis of our cost targets we're talking about. But more importantly, I think we're going to find new things every day as we start automating, that are going to continue to drive costs out of our system.
James O'Rourke: Okay. So that's a wrap here. I know you guys as analysts have had a very busy morning. But before I close, I'd just like to invite you to join us on March 11 at 8:30 a.m. Eastern for our in-depth presentation on optimizing our assets and our capital management, that Clint Freeland and I will be doing. With that, I want to wrap up today's call. But let me say, Mosaic is performing well. We're increasing our global competitiveness by driving our costs down, and we're managing well through the challenges of COVID-19. And with the tailwinds we expect to see from improving fertilizer and agricultural markets this year, we expect strong results to continue throughout 2021. So with that, thank you for joining us. Please have a safe and healthy day.
