Lawrence Stranghoener: Hi, David. Unfortunately, I can't say much more than what we said in our prepared comments about the deal because we are in the registration process with the SEC. So I'll simply repeat. We're going through SEC comments. We believe we will work successfully through those and get this transaction done in the second calendar quarter. As you could imagine, we're motivated to move just as quickly as we can. And so we're hopeful, and we expect to accomplish this in the second calendar quarter. And beyond that, David, we just can't provide any more color or commentary.
Lawrence Stranghoener: I don't know that I'd characterize anything as a bottleneck. But you will recall this is a very complex transaction that has many different facets to it, and so there are lots of different things we need to work through internally, as well as externally with the SEC as an example. So I would just characterize it as things running their course as we expected to them to run. And in our view, we're very much on track with a second quarter timetable.
Lawrence Stranghoener: Mark, I made those comments in the context of a great third quarter performance where we had gross margins above 30% in Phosphate. And we simply don't look for something quite that strong in the fourth quarter. As indicated in our guidance, we do expect phosphate prices to be increasing fourth quarter versus third quarter. We think that raw material costs will likely increase by a somewhat higher percentage than prices will increase during the quarter. And so the end result is the likelihood of a gross margin that will be somewhere in between I suspect the second quarter level and the third quarter level. So we're not trying to signal anything dramatic. We're just trying to send a slight cautionary tone about rising raw material costs that might, at least for this coming quarter, outstrip price increases.
Lawrence Stranghoener: Okay. First, the question of the cost, and one of the things we have said in the past and I would continue to say is we are running at very high historic rates. So our -- and our marginal cost of production are quite low. So that in itself drives a much lower cost of production than if we were running at 60% or 70% or 40% like last year. But further to that in both our Phosphate and Potash segment, we have taken a view that we're going to work extremely hard to lower that overall cost base the long term to maintain our industry position. And that goes from everything from how we purchase using our major size as a company overall to drive better purchases for both our Phosphate and Potash segment. We're doing some efficiencies in terms of how we do our maintenance. So all of those things that we would call normal operational excellence, we’ve really been pushing now for a couple of years, and I think they're starting to pay some dividends.
James Prokopanko: Good day, P.J., it's Jim here. The two elements I'd say contributed to the Phosphate number. It was within the range that we forecasted. First, we had some -- a couple vessels which cannot easily happen were deferred from the third quarter into the fourth quarter, either the logistics bottleneck, port bottleneck, something of that sort. So it's just a couple vessels at the end of the quarter. The other element is that we made some economic decisions. Do we pursue volume or do we pursue maximized gross margins? And we made the choice to go for better gross margins, and we're pleased with what we have. We have a record profit in Q3, and it worked out well.
James Prokopanko: Well, now there's a lot of interest, a bit of a gold rush to the Potash fields in Saskatchewan and other places in the world. Our view is unchanged. Brownfield is by far the most economic way at present to go forward. Brownfields in our case requires something in the range of $300 a tonne to generate the kind of returns we're looking for, and the greenfield is going to be double that. And so the economic wisdom of starting up a greenfield in this decade just is beyond my thinking. You are going to need $600 to justify that investment, and with the brownfields that are on the drawing board now, a greenfield, perhaps a solution mine in South America, that will take care of the demand growth for this decade. I can't explain what's going to justify somebody else going forward, but it's going to take the $600. And it's going to take, as you pointed out, considerable period of time to get a new mine up and operating. Our estimate is at least five years. Include all the infrastructure, permitting and all that goes with it, it could be as long as seven years. So that will get us into that just about the next decade. So presently, I think we're going to have a solid supply-demand scenario that justifies brownfields. I don't see greenfields being justified on economics just yet.
James Prokopanko: Sure, Vincent. Well, I'm not sure anything's going to happen until the World Cup Cricket match is over in India. Once that's done, which I think is in a week or two, what we've seen is Indian buyers focused on phosphate and nitrogen purchases going forward. So now that those have been pretty much put to bed, and I'll say the PhosChem contract was for April through September period, 1 million tonnes, so what can we conclude is that I think the world's looking at and ourselves as a supplier looking at shorter contract periods with a stronger markets that we're seeing. And I don't know that you can conclude anything basis on pricing from what's happened on Phosphate. You'd have to look at the Potash marketplace, and the most recent indicator is a deal that was published and announced in Brazil, where some Russian, Belarusian producers have made a sale, I think it was 520 CFR. So you're seeing the Potash market continue to firm. There's been a question I'll ask it before it's asked or answer it before it's asked, what's happening with the spread between domestic and international pricing on Potash? And with this 520, that's approximately $50 increase in reduction in the spread between domestic and North American and international prices. So I see it strengthening market. I see it’s likely shorter time periods, and attention I expect will now turn by -- the Indians will turn their attention to Potash now that they have phosphate and some nitrogen purchased.
James Prokopanko: Lindsay, it's Jim here. We look at maximum operating rates at pretty much at a 90% of nameplate capacity. We have turnarounds and this is pretty much a standard in the industry, of turnarounds in Potash. You can have a mine and a mill down for as long as a month. You have unexpected outages and days lost here and there through a variety of things, power interruptions and so on. So 90% is effectively 100%, and we may have the days or weeks where you're running at 92%, 93%, but we expect that the average for the year is, with things running very well, is at 90%. And we're approaching those numbers now. Why haven't we been hitting 90% all the way through? It's been a matter of ramping up to those kind of levels. This market has really come alive in the last four months where the pipeline has really been opened to recharging and filling the warehouses. So we are pressing on the accelerator as fast as the market will take it, and we are now in this quarter producing all that we can move and sell to both in Potash and Phosphate.
James Prokopanko: I'm not going to get into the confidentiality aspects of the deal, who was asking for what. There's pros and cons of six months for, depending if you're a buyer or a seller. Our view is that we're in a strong strengthening crop nutrient marketplace. We see the potential for upside pricing here as well, there's some risk that goes with longer-term contracts in terms of raw material ingredients of the sulfur, the ammonia. We buy our sulfur on a month-to-month basis. We manufacture about 1/3 of the sulfur we consume, 1.5 million tonnes. We produce 500,000, so we're open to ammonia price risk, as well as sulfur, which is purchased on a quarterly basis. And so given what we have in inventories with what we have contracted, we are comfortable going out six months and locking in a price on that, and we think it was the best approach as the producer of the product to limit it to a six-month contract period.
James Prokopanko: Yes, Fai, the comment I made is just broadly the Phosphate we've been firing on absolutely all cylinders. Things have been really working well in both our mining and processing, chemical processing of the finished product. In Potash, we've had a few fits and starts in the minor things in the Potash operations. We hit a salt seam at one of our mines and so that reduces the productive capacity of the mine and extracting potassium chloride, which caused us some minor delays in our shipping. We're current on all shipping as of this month. We're producing at our expected capacities for the month. We dug into inventory to make up for some of the slippage that we had in mining. But it was a matter that this is a business that 10 or 12 months ago we were running at 40% capacity. The market picked up demand pace, and you hit on the accelerator and we have to get back up to 90% in a very short order, and so we had a few little sputters. They were minor. We believe they're behind us, and we will run our operations at closer to that 90% capacity going forward.
James Prokopanko: The second part of the question I think is based -- is with respect to the ownership structure. I'm sorry, my mic wasn't on. The second part of the question was with respect to the ownership structure, and do we look forward to any changes in that? And the answer is no, we don't. Not at the current time. We've got a very effective partnership with Vale and Mitsui. It's working well. We expect it to continue to work well. Obviously, if in the future, either one of those parties is looking to exit the investment, it would be of interest to us. But that's not in the cards at this point in time, certainly.
James Prokopanko: Benjamin, it's Jim. The difference from our Q4 versus what's posted is what you're seeing in our forecast is the sales that have been put on our books anywhere from last week to much of it could be three and four months ago, where we have a sale made committed to prices that were posted two and three months ago for shipping in this quarter. So it's going to take, as is typical, anywhere from eight weeks to 12 weeks to get product positioned and shipped if it's coming from our facilities, from our mines. So it's just a matter of the actual posted realized prices lag, what you see on the listed prices. So it's just a matter that in the next three months, we'll start seeing actually prices earned approach what is posted in the various trade journals.
James Prokopanko: Jacob, it's Jim. The June 11 is where our calculations show that we are concluded our obligations to the other party. We're not declaring what it is we will or what we won't do at that time. It's a matter under litigation. We're talking to the other party. So there's months yet to go before the final conclusion is drawn. I'm going to ask Joc to speak to the second question.
James Prokopanko: Well, thanks very much, and thanks for that final set of questions, David. With that, we'll conclude our Q&A session. The outlook for Mosaic is remarkable, and we're excited about what the future of our business. It's a great time to be the world's leading producer of Phosphates and Potash. Thanks very much, and have a great day.
James O'Rourke: Hello, Mark. The brine flow has been as we always have said I guess, within historic levels. We continue to manage it effectively. There really is nothing new that we could say about brine flow. It's as good as it's ever been. It's certainly in historic range. So we really have no update beyond what we've told you before.
James O'Rourke: Hello, Joc O'Rourke here. I'll answer that question. Basically, our main source of rock has been and continues to be our Florida rock as it will for the long term. We've supplemented, and I think we've been publicly stated we will at full capacity take about 1.3 million tonnes per year from Miski Mayo. The South Fort Meade represents approximately 3 million to 5 million tonnes depending on the time. But we have lots of inventory in Florida for at least to the end of calendar '11. So our reliance on external rock is pretty limited, and I would say definitely less than 10% of the total. And you can work out the cost on that based on world market prices.
James O'Rourke: Joc O'Rourke to answer that question again. The commissioning of the Bayóvar project or Miski Mayo joint venture was meant to occur over about a year and a half, two years for the main part. We're pretty much right on track with that. The project's been quite successful, and we should hit our strides pretty quick here in the next couple of months as per our original schedule. Of course, that's Vale is the operator of that project and more detail of that probably should be a Vale question, not a Mosaic. And sorry, there was a second part of the question...
James O'Rourke: And I think possibly the other aspect that you may have been asking was, are we buying from Vale and Mitsui? And yes, from time to time we have bought from Vale and Mitsui to satisfy that incremental requirement.
James O'Rourke: Okay, so in terms of the expansions, the K3 freeze holes have been drilled. So we are definitely moving forward on that on a good path. We are awaiting a couple of permits that we need to get before we start freezing, but we will be starting freezing very soon. And so that project will occur. Over the next three to five years, we’ll actually sink that shaft for the K3. In terms of the other expansions, they're going on schedule essentially and start coming into production mid to late 2012 starting with the Esterhazy. In terms of the cost, we have I think previously stated our costs on average or about a $1,000 per capacity tonne. And you could look at the shaft sinking as being on the higher side of that cost range. But that's pretty much where we see the cost of these expansions. So three to five years to sink the shaft, probably seven years to actually get it into production and in the cost range of $1,000 a tonne for all of our projects.
James O'Rourke: All right. Joc here again. The statement I made was if we are unable to continue with South Fort Meade after June, which we don't think is probably -- the probable scenario necessarily, but if that happens, which is our worst case scenario, we have sufficient rock inventory in Florida with the addition of our Bayóvar rock to keep us going to the end of the calendar year '11. So the uplands area mining that Larry suggested or any of the favorable outcomes on the court case would be incremental to that. So we've only expressed the worst case scenario in that.
James O'Rourke: Hello, Jacob. The question on the capacity of the Esterhazy K3 hoist, we'll be setting up the K3 hoist to hoist in the range of 3.5 million to 6 million tonnes of ore per year in the first instance. But, of course, because it is a mitigation project as well, it will be expandable to the equivalent of 7 million tonnes of finished product or let's say 21 million tonnes of ore per annum.
James O'Rourke: And, David, with respect to the question about the insurance proceeds, we had proceeds of about $40 million, $36 million of which was related to Potash. This was related to a couple of incidents a couple of years ago, and it represents business interruption in insurance proceeds. And because of that, I question whether it really should be backed out of our results. These proceeds, in effect, represent operating profits that we did not earn two years ago because of industrial accidents that we had. And yes, we did -- we have collected the proceeds, and that's the end of this. There's nothing else to be expected from these particular cases. So with that, Jim, we'll turn it over to you for concluding comments I think.
