James C. O'Rourke: Good morning. Thank you for joining our second quarter earnings discussion. Today, we're going to discuss two primary topics; the market environment and the actions we're taking to ensure Mosaic is competitive at all points in the cycle. Let's start with the markets. We thought it would be useful for you to hear directly from Dr. Mike Rahm, who leads Market and Strategic Analysis for Mosaic. Mike has been analyzing global agriculture and fertilizer markets for decades. So it's safe to say that he understands a wide range of market conditions. Mike.
James C. O'Rourke: Thanks for that insight, Mike. Clearly, the current environment is very challenging even with the strong global demand Mike described. While this weak part of the cycle has been more pronounced than we anticipated, we do understand commodity businesses are cyclical and that the troughs can be difficult. We also understand the imperative to navigate the troughs while enhancing our ability to outperform in better times. We are taking the necessary actions to do just that. We're conserving cash and protecting our balance sheet so that we can continue to meet our customers' needs and seek opportunities to drive future shareholder value. We've taken a number of steps to reduce costs. First, we're well on our way to achieving the five-year $500 million expense reduction goal we established almost three years ago. The cuts have been implemented across the business. Second, on our last earnings call, we told you that we are targeting an additional $75 million in savings in our support functions. With the actions we took in June, we are well on our way to achieving that goal. Third, we are continuing to optimize our assets, so that we can produce enough crop nutrients to meet our customers' demands while reducing our cost per ton. With the decision to idle our Colonsay Potash Mine for the remainder of 2016, we will be able to meet market demand with our lower-cost Belle Plaine and Esterhazy mines, as well as our existing potash inventory. And fourth, we're managing our capital carefully without starving our operations or risking employee safety. We are deferring or permanently eliminating capital spending when and where we can. All these decisions have reduced our costs. Our MOP cash production cost per ton came in this quarter at $98 per ton, which included $21 per ton of brine management costs. For the first half of 2016, our MOP cash costs came in at $93 per ton, which is $74 of direct production costs and $19 per ton of brine management costs. This was comparable to last year, despite a much lower operating rate. It is important to highlight that every big producer has its own cost curve, mine by mine, and you can see ours on this slide. When we run our Esterhazy and Belle Plaine mines at optimal rates, as we intend to do in the second half of 2016 with Colonsay down, we can achieve significantly lower costs. Esterhazy is capable of achieving direct production cash cost per ton close to $50 when we eliminate brine management costs in the mid-2020s. And Belle Plaine can produce at approximately $70 per ton. As a reminder, we look at our costs excluding brine expenses because brine management is largely a fixed cost. As you know, we have a plan to eliminate brine expenses over time. Our costs are also well controlled in phosphate, even with lower operating rates. So, we are making good progress, but we're not conserving cash just to weather the market storm. We are mindful that opportunities arise at the low points of the cycle and especially when the low point lasts longer than usual. Of course, we will maintain our strategic discipline as we consider potential opportunities. In total, yes, the business environment is challenging, but we believe in the bright future of this industry and of Mosaic. We are managing aggressively to ensure the company's competitiveness for now and for better markets. It is in times like this that management can make a real difference. Now, before we take your questions, I'll ask Rich Mack to provide a bit more detail on the quarter, as well as our guidance.
James C. O'Rourke: Thanks, Carl. Good morning. Let me start by describing how we think about CapEx in general. We prioritize all of our capital based on what is most critical to maintaining our operations and of course, what's critical to maintaining the safety of all of our employees. That we certainly will not compromise. What we have looked at is capital that we feel that we can defer with limited risk to operational continuity. It may incur slightly higher costs in terms of operating over a short-term. But we believe that the cash conservation is valuable. In terms of K3, our thinking has been ancillary equipment, any of those type costs, yes, we will consider. But we are being very cognizant that we want to maintain the critical path of the K3 project. So, on that basis, we're taking out costs we believe we can defer, but making sure we're not compromising the integrity of our business.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay. Thanks, Adam. Let me just put these in some order here. Okay. Let me take them one at a time and I'll probably hand the India second quarter over to Rick [Rick McLellan] and Mike. But let me talk on rock costs. Clearly, on the long-term, we've been able to manage our rock costs extremely well in our Phosphate business. What's happening today is we've run into some, what I would call, short-term geology changes that have meant that the grade or the amount of ore that we're able to pull per ton of mining's decreased at our Four Corners Mine. It's one portion of the mine. We're talking about a decade-long reserves. And sometimes those are variable. Sometimes we hit areas where the rock quality is much higher than we expect, and other times we hit rock quality that's maybe lower than what we expect. We do expect it to be transitory. And on the long-term, we hold with our expectations of superior rock costs. In terms of the ammonia barge, yes, we certainly can move full volumes with one ammonia barge. We have a little less buffer, I guess, would be the way I would put it, and maybe five years or six years from now when we have to have some statutory shutdowns of those barges for repairs, there may be short periods of time where we'll have to come up with different plans. But overall, we believe we've managed the risk very well while still conserving as much cash as we can. Now, in terms of India's second half, I'm just going to hand that straight over to Mike and let him talk about that.
James C. O'Rourke: And I guess the last thing to leave this with is, fundamentally, we believe there's room for consolidation in both the Phosphates and the Potash industry, and we believe that there could be some real value-added by that consolidation. So, we're certainly not against consolidation and we think there could be some value-added.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay. I think it's probably best just to hand that straight to Rick and Mike to talk about how we're looking at this next quarter.
James C. O'Rourke: Let me just sort of pull that together really quickly. Basically, what we're seeing is an increase in demand. So, we see a volume increase, which should lead to better costs in general because of the better usage of our assets. And then in terms of margins, we're probably – a minor ability to improve from sulfur and ammonia perspective. So, we see the costs being fairly flat to down because of a higher operating rate. And then in terms of going forward into 2017, again, we see this market as fairly well balanced. So, we think 2017 should be a fairly good year for our Phosphate business.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay. I'm going to hand that back to Rick and Mike again to talk about our inventories and regional inventories.
James C. O'Rourke: I'd just add, regardless of the conditions, they're getting the job done. Our first half shipments of all fertilizer products in Brazil were at a record level, 13.2 million metric tons, the largest amount of fertilizer that's ever been shipped in the first half of the year. So, as we said, despite the political chaos, exchange rate concerns, credit concerns, they're getting fertilizer to the farm.
James C. O'Rourke: And I don't want to miss taking credit for some of the costs that we've actually reduced and some of the expenditures we haven't made, which again has conserved cash through this period.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay, P.J., I'm going to hand a lot of this over to Mike Rahm, who does a heck of a lot of work on the world S&D for potash, obviously. But we do see a rundown of Chinese inventory over this year. We continue to see more product go to the actual ground, which is – what gets shipped is one thing. What actually gets used to produce crops is really what matters in the long-term. So, we do see China's need for potash fertilizer in particular continuing to grow, and they will have to supply that in the years to come as they have in the years past. But with that, I'm going to hand it to Mike to talk about the details of the S&D.
James C. O'Rourke: And let me just talk a little bit about the port inventories, which I think you mentioned at 2 million tons. I believe our last number was about 1.8 million tons. But remember, 1 million tons of that is in bonded warehouses, which will now get turned into sales fairly quickly. So, the actual port inventory of non-bonded warehouses isn't as high as all that. And the other thing you have to consider in China is upcountry inventory, which I think can play a big, big role in this. And what we're hearing from both our own distribution team and from Canpotex is those upcountry inventories are certainly being depleted now. So, thanks, P.J.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay. So, first of all, CapEx. We are in the process today of looking at all of the opportunities and possibilities around a new phosphate mine. I think our latest says that we will need to have that in place by, I think, the 2023 type timeframe. So, certainly, we're in the planning phase now. I'm trying to go back to our last Investor Day, where I believe we said the cost of that would be circa $600 million now that we're expanding South Pasture Mine rather than building a brand new Ona Mine. In terms of the capital requirements left for K3, we are largely finished the shaft sinking on K3. Our incremental cost going forward, not including what we save in taxes because of the write-downs of capital, would be in the range of $600 million. And those are for mine development, infrastructure and conveyor ways between K3, K1 and K2. In terms of our leverage targets, I'm going to hand that straight over to Rich to give the details.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay, Mark. Thank you. So, first of all, let's talk about K3 and then move on to Brazil. What we've said today is we will continue on the critical path of K3. So, the big thing right now is finishing the shaft sinking, build the loading pockets, build the infrastructure, so that we can start mining at K3. How fast we ramp that up greatly depends on market conditions and what the needs are for product at that stage. So, that I think is going to come in a couple of years when we really know what's going on there. But in general, I would say if times are tougher, it would push you more towards moving from K1 and K2 to K3 earlier to reduce the brine inflow costs. But I think that decision is a ways out. In terms of Brazil distribution, we believe our footprint right now is pretty strong in Brazil. We like where we stand. Over the longer-term, we can see ourselves expanding into the Northwest into areas of Mato Grosso and towards the northern region, towards Amazonia. But in the near-term, the only expansion plans that we will consider is if we need to expand our port capacity at Paranaguá, which we may feel we need for good logistics.
James C. O'Rourke: So, we only have time for one last question and then close this call. So, Yonah, I think it's Yonah that's up next.
James C. O'Rourke: Thank you, Yonah. So, we'll hit these one at a time. First of all, Brazil, I think we are seeing some potash improvements in terms of near-term pricing in Brazil. There's been some $10, $20 up in the last couple of weeks. And we expect that to continue as we get closer to their main planting season. I'll let Rick and Mike just talk about that quickly. And the next question is, why is pricing flat despite the bunching? I mean, we would hope for an improvement in both margin and pricing in the second half. But we need to see the demand first and then the price will follow.
James C. O'Rourke: So, to conclude our call, I just want to reinforce our key points. The business environment remains tough, but we see signs of stability and improvement. We expect strong global demand and modest improving prices in the second half of the year. At Mosaic, we're taking the necessary actions to withstand the current environment and thrive when the markets do improve. We're conserving cash by cutting our costs and our capital spending. We are continually looking for opportunities to create shareholder value now and into the years ahead. So, thank you very much for joining us. Have a great day.
Mike Rahm: Okay. Good morning, Adam. Yes, why don't I give you some numbers and, Rick, you can provide some color commentary here. Yes, in general, the outlook in India remains very positive. As you know, the monsoon is delivering above average rainfall. Retail prices for DAP are off about 15%. The rupee has been very stable compared to other currencies. And finally, importer margins, given all those parameters, are profitable. So, all the stars and moons are lined up to make import economics work. We're projecting about 5.6 million tons of imports this calendar year in India. First half of the year, they imported 1.8 million. That would leave about 3.8 million tons second half of the year that we think they need to import into the country. And so that's a big number. That's 500,000 tons more than what they did last year which was a very good second half for them. And on the comments here, we mentioned the bunching of demand in the second half of the year. I guess if you put the 3.8 million tons that India has to import alongside the 2.9 million tons we think Brazil needs to import, plus the prospects for a good North American season, we do believe that there will be some pretty strong seasonal pulls on shipments second half of the year.
Mike Rahm: I guess the only thing I would add is, I think it may get interesting sort of from the middle of September to the middle of November as far as the seasonal bunching. And I think we're beginning to see evidence of a price uplift from demand finally coming to the market. Barge prices have increased. C&F price in Brazil has moved up here recently. And we know that raw material prices for sulfur in the third quarter have come down $5, ammonia prices at $2.70 for August, and we don't see much of a threat in terms of any uptick in those, and potentially more downside as well. So, put that all together and as we said, we're not wildly bullish, but we think that the combination of all of that is going to improve margins as we head into late third quarter and into the first part of fourth quarter.
Mike Rahm: Yes, in terms of the numbers, the North American potash market has been a pretty stable market for a long time, despite all of the cries and concerns about cutbacks in application rates. In 2015 calendar year, we think shipments were about 8.9 million tons. And we think this year they'll inch up a little bit to 9 million tons and then drop off back to about 8.9 million tons. But I think the important point there is when you look at imports, imports surged to, by our count, about 1.4 million metric tons in calendar year 2015. Those have come down. We think 2016 will end the year with 1 million tons and probably another reduction in 2017, largely because of the big price discount in North America that's just not as attractive to move tons into North America now. And there are better options with decent demand prospects in other parts of the world.
Mike Rahm: Okay. Good morning, P.J. Yes, China, as you know, is a big complicated country. And frankly, I think there's something going on there in terms of potash consumption. I think all the numbers would suggest that maybe potash consumption is a little bit better than everyone is giving China credit for. Just to review some of the numbers, China imported a record 9.4 million tons last year. We think they've produced about 6.6 million tons and shipments, probably in that 16 million ton range. So, there's a little bit of an inventory build last year. We think that's getting pulled down. Our shipment number this year is 12.9 million tons. We think it'll increase to 13.9 million tons next year. So, imports, we think imports this year probably will be in that 8 million ton range, so down from last year, and it probably stays in that range in 2017. The other factor, you mentioned Qinghai Salt Lake, our team in Beijing believes that production has dropped this year, probably closer to 6 million tons to 6.2 million tons. So, while there's some additional capacity coming on, I think there's been some adjustment in terms of domestic production in response to the current price environment as well. But I think the bottom line is we don't have a record shipment number factored in for China next year. And we think the imports are going to be relatively stable at about 8 million tons.
Mike Rahm: Yes. I think that's a good question, and certainly a concern that we have and monitor. I think one of the things, we had a very good run in prices in June and our intelligence tells us that farmers sold pretty heavily into that, as well as probably forward priced some of their 2016 crop. So, I don't think you want to focus too much on current spot prices. Clearly, there's a big crop that's coming in shortly and that's impacting prices now, but there's still a fair amount of uncertainty about what happens in the Southern Hemisphere, particularly with the expectation of a La Niña event and the negative consequences that typically has towards Southern Hemisphere harvest. So, if you look at the 2017 new crop prices, they're still at levels that we think underpin decent demand. And as Joc said, we're very much corn, soybean, wheat-focused and the 30% number Joc referred to is that 30% of the potash worldwide is applied to those three crops. For phosphate, it's about 40%. So, the fact that you're seeing dramatic increases in sugar prices, cotton prices, coffee prices, fruits and vegetables, those are the ones that are going to, I think, provide a very good demand base.
Mike Rahm: Yes, Yonah, good morning. We said there's some bunching in the second half. We think that the impact on price probably doesn't show up in spades until probably the – maybe the second half of September. I talked about things probably getting interesting from the second half of September through the first half of November. And that's when peak demand is going to be hitting in terms of shipments into the big markets, whether it's India, Brazil, North America. And so, I think that's reflected in our third quarter price projections.
Richard L. Mack: Sure. Thanks, Joc, and hi, Don. The only thing that I would say is, if you go back and you take a look at the history of Mosaic and really even the formation of Mosaic, there are periods of time when there are very strategic assets that do become available for sale and compelling opportunities do arise. And so, that has been our history in a number of acquisitions likely to continue to be our history as we move forward. But I think, as Joc noted, anything that we do has got to have a very high strategic fit, and it goes through a very high bar in terms of an investment analysis. And so, certainly, one of the things that we would look at is the opportunity cost of not repurchasing our own shares.
Richard L. Mack: Yes. I think I got it, Jeff. There's an elimination of profit in inventory in the corporate segment that really relates to the buildup of inventory in Brazil in anticipation of a large season coming up there. And then with respect to the Canadian resource taxes, the increase this quarter was generally related to a catch-up accrual of about $10 million. And also, you have to take into account where the production is occurring and what the profitability is on a mine-by-mine basis. And so with the shutdown of Colonsay and less production there, more production coming out of Esterhazy and Belle Plaine, in particular, leads to a slightly higher Canadian resource taxes this quarter, which I would expect to fall back to what I'll call more normal levels in Q3 and Q4. And just as a reminder, this year, year-to-date, Canadian resource taxes are just slightly more than, I'll say, $50 million compared to last year, where they were about $130 million to $140 million.
Richard L. Mack: Yes, it's prepay which is a large percentage of it, Jonas. And then it is favorable working capital adjustments during the quarter. But you're right. It led to a very strong cash flow of nearly $600 million.
Richard L. Mack: Yes, I would just say, Joel, that obviously it's something that we closely monitor and we'll continue to closely monitor in the future, Joc noted. And we have a conservative liquidity buffer of $2.5 billion. Interestingly enough, we've never really dipped into the liquidity buffer in our history, and we've got over $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet. And at the same time, we're reducing our cash spend. So, we're lowering our capital, we're reducing our SG&A. We're maximizing working capital as much as we possibly can. And so this is something that we'll continue to review, obviously with the mindset of maintaining a solid investment-grade credit rating going forward.
Richard L. Mack: Yes. Andrew, our leverage targets, as stated, are roughly between 1.5 times and two times. But keep in mind that that is kind of a through-cycle target. And so, at any given point, you're going to have a spot leverage ratio that may be higher or lower than that. And so, we look at it on a through-cycle basis. Right now, we're slightly higher than the upper end of that range, but when you take a look at it as a rating agency would look at it over, call it, a three-year to five-year period of time, we're comfortable with where we're at right now, and obviously we're at the bottom end of the cycle.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes. I think Mike covered it in his prepared comments, talking about bunching of demand. And as we look at what we've faced so far for margins, we've seen impact from a strong U.S. dollar, deferred buying, and effectively some increased pipeline inventories at our customers' hands. Those have cleaned themselves out, so we expect good North American and South American demand. A good indicator of South American demand is the fact that our Distribution business took $300 million in prepayments from customers for all fertilizer products, which means that farmers there, it underpins the 32 million ton overall demand forecast that we talked about for Brazil. So, as we go through the quarter – through the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, we see margins improving as demand starts to bunch up in all of those markets; India, Brazil, Argentina and North America.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes. I think that what we're seeing – no, I don't think. I know that what we're seeing there is at times when the grain market has been where it's at and the currency has been frankly where it's at today, those Brazilian farmers had stepped in because the cost of crop nutrients compared to the price of grain is probably at its best level that it's been in, in the last 12 years. And so, we're seeing farmers step up. Credit availability in a marketplace like Brazil that's still developing is always going to be an issue. But we don't see any constriction to what we're selling there from a credit availability standpoint.
Richard N. McLellan: The only thing – I'd go back to something that Joc mentioned, and it's really around farmer economics. At today's grain prices, despite them softening and the currency where it is, returns for this crop that will be planted and harvested – planted this fall and harvested in January, February, are very, very good. And the prospects for the 2017-2018 crop are just the same. So, that really underpins demand. Farmers needing the product to get the yields that they need, plus having good, solid economics.
Richard N. McLellan: The only thing I can add, in Brazil, you've seen for the first half of the year deferred buying. In the second half, they can't defer it anymore. Inventories are used up. And so, that's where we see some price momentum in Brazil both for P&K.
