Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Clint. Clearly, 2019 has been a challenging year for fertilizer markets, which once again demonstrates that Mosaic is in a business that is both cyclical and subject to weather related and other short-term disruptions. To succeed in this business for the long term we know that we need to be efficient, we need to adjust quickly and we need to preserve our ability to benefit from periods of strong demand and prices. We are aggressively managing costs across the enterprise, we are managing capital effectively, we are maintaining our market discipline and we have taken necessary actions this year to adapt to the temporary challenges in the market environment. Volume leads price and volume has started moving. Product is moving to the ground in North America. In fact, it’s moving to the ground globally. We expect supply and demand will move into better balances as we move into 2020 and we expect strong fertilizer markets next year and beyond given appealing market fundamentals, Mosaic is poised to take advantage of these improving opportunities. Before I open it up for questions, I would like to note that Rick Mclellan, who has led Mosaic Fertilizantes since we began integration efforts. We will return to the U.S. to lead the commercial organization. Leadership of Mosaic Fertilizantes has been transferred to the very capable hands of Corrine Ricard. I would like to thank Rick for the remarkable work that he has led to remake the Brazil business and reach our synergy targets. Corrine has more to do and I have every confidence that she and our Brazilian team will have similar success. Now, we will take your questions. Operator
Joc O’Rourke: Sorry. Good morning, Lucas, early mic problem. Welcome. I am going to hand this over to Corrine to give you some information on that, but our expectations is as the price -- as the market starts moving, that indeed prices will follow the volume. And as we move into the year, we are going to see the lag on our sulfur and ammonia plant prices catch up. And so we expect an inflection in our pricing, which really will move over better margins for next year. Let me give this to Corrine to answer.
Joc O’Rourke: I pass this to Corrine, but I will make a couple of comments. First of all, let me say, what’s going on in the NOLA market is quite disconnected from either what’s going on upcountry or what we are selling for. So it is a market manipulation play and I guess it takes two to tango, but the importers are allowing itself. That is that piece. But in terms of the upcountry market, it really isn’t what we are playing with it. A very low volume market that’s being a single barge or a couple of barges being traded to set an index price. Once real volume starts moving, that goes away very quickly as it has in the past. Corrine, do you want to talk a little more on that.
Joc O’Rourke: Well, I think, in simple terms for North America, we are looking at a corn planting of 93 million acres next year. We are looking at soybean planting of 85 million acres, which should bode well to taking North American demand up to at least where it was in previous years and then beyond that to make up what might have been missed. And I think in both nutrients there’s been up to a million tons of missed a product going on the ground. So I think in both those cases, we should see very good demand in North America. In terms of China, we are seeing good internal demands starting and we see that sort of balancing off at 15 million tonnes of demand of phosphates internally in the domestic market. And the other one we expect is we expect good potash imports next year into China. So overall, we are expecting a big jump or a good jump in overall potash around the world up to, let’s say, an average of 67 million tonnes and probably around 69 million tonnes for phosphates around the world. So both of those are a big jump up and really should drive the inventory out of the system as it exists today. I am going to hand it over to Corrine for a few extra detailed comments.
Joc O’Rourke: Yeah. Thanks for that, Mark. Let me start off by saying the K3 project has been a real execution win for Mosaic. Our Canadian team has just found, incredible new ways to modularize the assembly of underground miners and other equipment and this is really what’s allowed us to accelerate this project. As such, what we are looking at today is a very successful project that will reach its total capacity a couple of years ahead of our original schedule. As such, we don’t see a need for the K1 and K2 mines after 2022 and the reason for that is we have capacity for milling, but we will be constrained by that milling capacity with the capacity of K3. So, it really the acceleration has changed the need for any increase or lengthening of the K1 and K2 mines.
Joc O’Rourke: Yeah. Yeah. So, thanks John. Yeah. Modern is a little more difficult to predict for 2020 the capacity will go up in 2020 driving their overall costs down. But really it depends on the phosphate market on how much the contribution is going to be on modern. We really don’t expect a lot of equity earnings in 2020, if any, and that’s because if you look at the sort of run rate this year, their loss will be probably in the $200 million range. So if even if you take that to a new capacity, they have got to improve their efficiencies before we are going to see any real equity earnings.
Joc O’Rourke: Okay. Thanks, Andrew. Let me go back to Corrine. I mean, I think, Corrine said that the average cash cost in China today is about $315 a tonne and that’s taking into account the RMB moves, the ammonia moves sulfur and rock costs. What that means though, is that’s an average that means 50% of all Chinese production is basically underwater at these prices. I just mentioned modern and while modern will be cash positive, with their high level of debt repayments that project is not making money, which would mean their overall breakeven is more in the range of $350 plus. So if you look at it where is the marginal cost producer, I am saying the marginal cost producer is probably certainly above that $315 and $320 range and likely well up into the $400 range for a non-integrated Indian producer maybe the Mexican producers and some of the Chinese producers.
Joc O’Rourke: PJ, let me say, Miski Mayo is probably disadvantaged on a delivered basis because of the transport obviously to Louisiana. But again, it tends to give us a good opportunity to keep Louisiana going preserve rock in Florida and if you work that out overall, it’s a pretty good asset for us. Now, what I will say there, though is, they are making, since we have taken over that joint venture, we have made great progress on reducing costs and I intend on the in the future to set some real targets there for reduce costs. So we would like to make Miski Mayo a real integral part of our overall production plans. And to do that, though, I -- we agree we need to really work hard on reducing the cost of that operation.
Joc O’Rourke: And just let me reiterate there as well. We have people on the ground with our distribution businesses. And, clearly, in North America, Brazil, India and China, which are our major markets. So we have a pretty good handle on what’s moving in country compared to maybe some of our competitors.
Joc O’Rourke: I think we do expect a big -- sorry, Matthew, welcome. We do expect a big rebound in North American application. But I think you hit it on the head there. There’s a lot of channel inventory right now. Many of our customers are full. And it’s not unusual to be full going into spring. But we are full for a couple of seasons now. So that is unusual. So we expect that that inventory has to move out of the system first and then the actual shipments from those producers can start.
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, Michael. I will touch this and maybe Corrine might touch it a little bit as well. But here’s how our normal ammonia supply works. We buy about a third on the open market, we receive about a third with our CF contract and we make about a third with our own production. Now, clearly, our -- in terms of cost right now, the lowest cost is our own production. And then our market cost is second, and CF is in today’s market significantly higher than that. I think the CF market is in the $350 range today, with natural gas prices where they are. So what you will see with the ammonia plant down is that we will have a higher waiting of the market price, which is in the mid-200s and a higher waiting of the CF price, which is in the 350 range, and a lower waiting of our own production. So that will increase our cost above market at this stage. In 2020 -- at the start of 2020, we will have unloading or loading facilities at our dock in Louisiana, which will allow us to take the ammonia from Faustina and move it to our Florida operations, which will really give us a big cost advantage and allow us to utilize that ammonia much more effectively.
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks. Thanks, Vincent. Yes. Our intentions are, at this stage, that Louisiana would probably come up year-end or early in the New Year, depending on how the fall season is going and what we see is a need there. In terms of the Colonsay and the potash, the tradeoff there will be, both will be twofold. One will be how is the potash market developing? Do we have a Chinese contract? Has that shipment started? Have the -- we have seen good increases in pricing for palm oil, do we see higher shipments into Malaysia and Indonesia from Canpotex? So if those Canpotex shipments start, that will lead us to favor bringing Colonsay up. At the same time, our K3, as we keep saying, is coming up faster than we expected. So if we can meet the need with the lower cost K3 product that will probably be where we would focus.
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, Don. Let me take the second question, first. Look, Colonsay is a good asset in the potash markets that we had, maybe even five years ago Colonsay was a very good profitable operation. Today, with the new structure and K3 coming up, Colonsay is going to definitely be our swing plant. And as such, we wanted there to be available when we need it. But at the same time, if we can supply from Esterhazy and Del Plain [ph], we feel that’s a more economic way to supply the market needs. So it really is going to depend on how fast the market grows. I mean, current projections from CRU and stuff says that probably Colonsay will be running intermittently in the next little while rather than steadily. But more to come on that and final decisions will be made probably in the early next year. In terms of potash pricing, in the market, I think, maybe Corrine best answer that.
Joc O’Rourke: Okay. Well, with that, I’d like to conclude our call. I know you have a lot of other calls today and I’d like to reiterate our key points. While 2019 has been a challenging year for North American agriculture, Mosaic has maintained its focus on the things we can really control. We have made tremendous progress. We have accelerated K3 mine again, which will lead to significant savings and a highly efficient potash operation. We have idled productions to help balance supply and demand. The transformations of our potash and phosphate businesses, as well as our corporate functions are ongoing, and they are delivering real bottomline results. And we are driving remarkable improvements in our Mosaic Fertilizantes business in Brazil. All these efforts have Mosaic positioned well to benefit from improving market conditions. We expect agricultural fundamentals to strengthen further, and we expect strong global demand and rising prices for both phosphates and potash, as we move into 2022. We are highly optimistic that business conditions will improve and the Mosaic will be there to deliver strong returns as that happens. Thank you for joining us this morning, and have a great day.
Corrine Ricard: All right. Thanks Joc. I think it’s important to note what we have a decrease in margins today, these are largely unpublished prices based on extremely low volumes. Literally one barge is effecting price trade. So don’t really reflect the market. That being said, I think, it’s probably most productive for us to talk about what are the things that indicate an inflection in pricing that will cause a movement in the other direction and get prices moving again. Historically, those inflection points have come when you see market prices that reach the marginal costs for producers or cash costs that’s currently happening today. And you see idling as a result. We have certainly seen closures such as Mosaic plant city. But also you know, nutrient, the [inaudible] and others are taking a curtailments. You see a second cause of a major inflection is a demand resurgence and given the weather results from last year and what we believe will be a high corn crop this next year, we expect to see strong demand. We are seeing that in other markets as well now India, China. China has stabilized than Brazil. And then third, you will often see a market consolidation or a discipline in the industry, and we are seeing that with some curtailed production, as well as some consolidations that are happening in rationalization in China. So, overall, the three things that primarily drive these inflection points are happening today. And so we really do believe the bottom is in and we should see resurgence to the normal seasonal pattern of upstream in margins as we get into the spring season and see volume moving.
Corrine Ricard: Sure. We have seen a lot of imports come in. There’s no doubt about that and the index pricing, that Joc and all of the publications I have talked a lot about are a clear indication that there are a lot of games being played on pricing. I think it’s important to note, the only one who’s selling a lot of tons at these kinds of prices are our international competitors. Our domestic customers at this point have their inventories full. They have got a regular supply of product and our sales largely are happening out of places like our Pine Bend warehouse, rail delivered into other markets. And so while these index prices do have an impact on sentiment overall and general market trend, they don’t really reflect what we are selling at, but more what others are selling at. In terms of your China question, I would say that we are seeing closures in China. But we have talked before about the depressed economic environment that they are facing, as well as the environmental and regulatory decisions that are having an impact on those Chinese producers. We see rock production year-to-date is down 9.2% in China. Their costs are up on gypsum disposal. Their ammonia costs are up because of environmental air quality requirements. And with the currency corrections that you are seeing, their cost thresholds on average today are about $310 to $315 on an FOB basis for exports. So, we are trading today below those costs levels. And I think that, it’s absolutely going have an impact. We are seeing producers facing decisions about whether or not they will close and relocate those plants more than a couple of kilometers off the river in these economics, those are tough choices to make. We just saw an announcement by SinaChem about the closure of the fooling plant, which is about a million and a half tons of capacity. And while they may decide to relocate or reconfigure that plant, you know, those plans are more than three years away and right now what’s happening is a closure of that plant. So, yes, we are believing -- we do believe that economic factors, as well as these environmental pressures are pushing for rationalization in the phosphate industry in China.
Corrine Ricard: Sure. Thanks, Joc. Yeah. I would say that we have a real step up we expect in global shipments. Demand is solid in most all regions. We have seen a good recovery in Malaysia Indonesia with palm prices and expect to see good potash demand there. Our single point estimate you can even see in the presentations on potash, our single point estimate is more like 68 million tonnes for global shipments. But that could be as high as 69 million tonnes. And then that is up about 3 million tonnes on potash shipments for the year. And then on phosphates we have a single point estimate of about 70 million tonnes could be as high as 71 million tonnes up a couple million tonnes on phosphates as well. So good demand expectations from us.
Corrine Ricard: Not too much to add, Joc. I think it’s a good point that there’s a natural tendency to destock when prices are falling. Nobody wants to try to figure out what that bottom price level is. And so we are seeing some destocking in some markets. Some got caught quite long with the weather changes and they are working off those inventories. And we have seen some channel stuffing by some of the -- our international competitors, putting it into traders and markets trying to position. But in country, places like China, the in-country potash inventory levels out at the NPK plants et cetera, we believe are pretty low. And so there is some real movement for tonnage to go when we see that demand volume kick back in.
Corrine Ricard: Sure. We did get good participation in our summer fill program and got a lot of products sold for that time period. We even posted prices higher as we normally do after a fill program. I would say, it has been difficult to get those prices to stick. We have seen a lot of pressure from our domestic competitors who seemed to have accepted much lower prices. And we have continued to make sales. Today, Corn Belt warehouse price is in that $270, $280-ish kind of range.
