Michael R. Rahm: All right, guys. Thanks, Joc. Let me give it the first shot. Just to reiterate what Rich said in the comments, year to date, exports are down 26%, about 800,000 tonnes – I'm sorry, they're up 800,000 tonnes. We expect that we'll end the year at about 9 million tonnes, which is down about 500,000 tonnes. So second half of the year we're expecting about 1.3 million fewer tonnes exported from China. The reason for that is, one, we expect the domestic market to really kick in here over the next few weeks. The other factor is that I think there is increasing cost pressure in China. And we've seen an increase in sulfur prices. The Chinese producers do not necessarily have a competitive advantage in terms of sulfur prices or ammonia prices since they make most of their ammonia with coal, and coal prices have actually increased over the last six months. And then I think the best evidence of that is there was an announcement this morning that the publications indicated that the Six Plus Two Group met. And surprisingly, they've taken their price floor up to $350 per tonne. And whether or not that holds remains to be seen, but I think it's really indicative of the fact that cost pressures exist and they're working to try to move prices up.
Michael R. Rahm: I can just briefly add. Just in terms of the five-year supply and demand outlook, we do think demand prospects remain very strong. We expect that demand will grow in that 2% to 2.5% range per year. And then on the supply side, we've always said that there's not a lot of new capacity in the pipeline once you get beyond Morocco and Saudi Arabia. And in fact, CRU just published their quarterly report yesterday. And just looking at those numbers, they're showing about 3.5 million tonnes of new capacity coming on, all of that from – basically all of it from Saudi Arabia and Morocco. We expect – and that assumes that China makes very few changes in their phosphate industry, and it remains to be seen how all that plays out. So when you add up 2% – 2.5% growth, once we get past this increase in capacity coming online here in the next year or so, and as Joc said, operating rates, we're projecting a 200 to 400 basis point increase in global operating rates, and that's not inconsistent with what the current CRU forecasts are.
Michael R. Rahm: The only thing I would add, Jonas, is that putting some numbers behind what Joc said, just as late as April, we were paying $340 for ammonia. This month, we're paying $190, so that's a $150 drop in ammonia prices, and that's the equivalent of a $35 drop in the cost of raw materials. And certainly prices have softened, but they have not come down nearly that much. So we'd like to think in terms of what we call the stripping margin. And as Joc said, that has not eroded as much and frankly, has remained fairly stable, in a range of around $2.25 to $2.50, and we're at the upper end of that range in terms of a benchmark today.
Michael R. Rahm: Sure. As Joc said, we expect total shipments to be about flat with last year at around 34 million tonnes, maybe up a whisker. But I think what's important, first six months of the year shipments were 13 million tonnes, flat with a year ago. So you've got about one-third of those shipments coming in the first half of the year, about two-thirds second half of the year. So you've got the big season still ahead of us. And I think as we've indicated before, farmers in Brazil have held back in terms of grain sales and fertilizer purchases. So there has been an increase in inventories, but that has been a buildup in anticipation of a very strong second half pull. Just in terms of if you want some specific numbers, we expect that – if you look at imports during the first six months of the year, DAP, MAP, TSP, they're up about 29%. We expect that for the year, imports will total 6.3 million tonnes versus a year ago of 5.6 million, so that's about a 13% increase. So we see very, very strong imports second half of the year, about 3.5 million tonnes versus 3.4 million last year.
Michael R. Rahm: Sure, we laid that out. I think we have our potash shipments by destination as one of the slides in the appendix, so you can see the numbers there. We're projecting about a 2.1 million tonne increase this year to 62.8 million. That's a 3.5% increase from 60.7 million in 2016. We've said all along that after two years of declining shipments due to the big buildup of pipeline inventories in 2014 that we expected a good rebound this year, and that is taking place. In 2018, we expect that we'll be up again. We're projecting about 64.5 million tonnes of shipments in 2018. And in terms of where that's coming from, no surprise, it's the big six where we see continued growth, helped by some of the newer regions, good rebound or decent growth in places like Africa, the former Soviet Union. But it will be the Brazils, the Indonesias, Malaysias of the world that account for most of that.
Michael R. Rahm: That's particularly true, Joc, in the context that there's been about 3 million tonnes of capacity that's been permanently closed in North America. Now some of that has been offset by the Rocanville and belt line (48:15) expansion. But we're at very little net increase in capacity in North America. And the industry now is structured such that we're achieving a much lower per-unit cost as well.
Michael R. Rahm: Sure, sure, happy to do that. I would note that K+S produced their first tonne on June 12 and the world didn't come to an end. I think we should note that.
Michael R. Rahm: And in terms of India, I think the important point there is that the GST was reduced for fertilizer imports to 5%. And when you combine that with lower subsidy, their $230 import price, import economics continue to work there. Our team in India believes that India will import about 4.4 million tonnes of potash this year, up about 0.5 million tonnes from last year. You can see that our 2018 forecast range is 4.4 million to 4.6 million tonnes. And I think that the 4.4 million tonne forecast for this year assumes that we'll have a small increase in retail prices, given a strong rupee, lower potash prices, or relatively low potash prices, 5% GST. Import economics and farm economics work with a very small increase in retail prices. So there's nothing in terms of policy changes that really concern us about the long-term prospects for potash demand in India.
Corrine D. Ricard: Thanks, Mike. One of the other I think supportive factors for that announcement about the prices holding, the domestic price in the interior is up probably about $15 – $10 to $15 higher than what the export equivalent would be for those producers, and therefore, I think a reason why they'll either hold on those export prices or they'll be shipping to that domestic market for season.
Corrine D. Ricard: Thanks, Joc. We have seen a compression in MAP and the premium products price premium. This has largely been a factor of MAP premium globally being depressed because of the large level of exports that we've seen. We have put that into our guidance, but we commented in the prepared remarks that we believe this is transitory. We are starting to see some correction, not back to normal levels or anything yet, but we are starting to see a little bit of correction and a promising sign.
Corrine D. Ricard: Sure, Joc. I was going to comment about margin improvement overall. And usually, when we see this kind of move in ammonia prices, you'll see a little bit of an impact. It's also, remember, our fill seasonal time period, so we've been through spring season peak season, we've got fall ahead of us. This is the summer fill time period, and so you do see prices publish down usually during that time period, just a normal seasonal pattern.
Corrine D. Ricard: And in terms of those prices, Jonas, you are seeing NOLA stepping back up. So you've got NOLA prices in that $320 – $325 range, which is a recovery really from the low point that we had at the very end of the disappointing season, or the very start of the fill. So NOLA is trending up. It's Brazil that's the softest really now.
Corrine D. Ricard: Sure. We went out with our fill programs and had a tremendous amount of success on those fill programs, indicating to us that we probably saw lower ending inventory than was expected. With the disappointing spring, there was questions about whether or not we got those channel inventories emptied. It appears as if they got pretty empty because we had a big fill program, and we are effectively sold out for Q3. We have not seen a lot of trade yet at the up $20, but we also see no indication that that price won't hold. It's just a matter of, they've just finished their fill orders. We'll get a chance to test it soon, I'm sure.
Corrine D. Ricard: Sure. That $11 increase, there were a lot of reports, as you say, about freight changes eating up some of that difference. I think it's important to note, and we have talked about this before, that Canpotex has long-term freight agreements that have been locked in, and so there is no change in the Canpotex freight expense, and so this is an $11 netback increase on this China sale for the potash sales.
Corrine D. Ricard: Sure. So remember, earlier this year, what we talked about was environmental audits that were occurring. And those audits were designed to evaluate the situation in each plant in order to determine if there are further actions and steps that could lead to closure. So not that we expected a lot of closures in Q1 when these audits started, but that they set a baseline. From that point, what we are seeing is an environmental tax that will kick in at the beginning of next year, which raises the cost curve for the Chinese producers, we believe somewhere in that $10 to $15 a tonne of product range. And secondly, you may see some shutdowns due to some environmental concerns, things like gyp stacks. However, this consolidation in the Chinese industry that we've been talking about is something that we expect to see after these taxes all kick in. At this point; we believe there's about 1 million tonnes of production that is shut down due to environmental issues, a relatively small amount of restructuring in a 27 million tonne production business. Restructuring also is expected given the debt levels at some of these producers as we go into next year.
Corrine D. Ricard: Thanks, Joc. The capacity numbers, I think Joc has put in perspective. And the demand growth, at our Analyst Day we talked about a growth by 2021 of volume being up 25% since 2013, to a point where the mix is about one-third premium products for our phosphate business overall, for the growth. And in terms of the pricing, Joc is correct. The differential pricing for these premium products relative to MAP is unchanged. What we are seeing is MAP compression from the heavy level of imports into the United States on MAP. And so that compression has impacted MicroEssentials pricing. We do believe this is transitory. We know that the agronomic value is there for these products, and they are capturing a premium relative to MAP. And as we see the MAP differential to DAP recovering to more normal levels, which we are starting to see a little bit recovery, we believe we'll be back to earning back – seeing the premium flow through.
James C. O'Rourke: And just let me close by saying on this one that China does remain probably the biggest wildcard in terms of the phosphate market in the next six months. We are well aware of what's going to happen with increased production from the North Africans and the Saudis. But we really – you can't predict unless we have a pretty good view of what happens in China.
James C. O'Rourke: Now the other piece of that that you implied at least is the premiums have been compressed for both MAP and MicroEssentials in the last little while. Let me let Corrine address that issue.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay, Chris, thanks for your question. Let me start by just saying look, first of all, we can't comment a whole lot on their results on the basis of that's a separate public company. And up until basically this morning, from my comment, we had not got antitrust approval. So we're not going to make a whole lot of comments about that. But I will also say this is a long-term investment. We're not looking at this over what's going on today. I'm going to hand it over to Rich to talk a little bit about the economic performance and how it's maybe changed from what our model was when we first bought the business or committed.
James C. O'Rourke: We obviously aren't privy to their antitrust. Sorry, John, welcome. Sorry, just to start out, we're really not privy to the Agrium potash antitrust review. Obviously, as a major player in the same industry, we will be interviewed by the FTC and whatnot. But in terms of industry structure, one has to assume that they'll put the deal together, and it will mean Agrium will be a bigger potash producer, a bigger nitrogen producer, and I guess a somewhat bigger phosphate producer at some point. But industry structure, we really can't make much more comment than that.
James C. O'Rourke: Thanks, Don. I will hand this one straight to Corrine again. She's right on top of it, so let me give it straight to you, Corrine.
James C. O'Rourke: Yes, thanks, Oliver. Let me start by just saying yes, OCP has been quite forward about saying they're going to capture 50% of that demand. But if you look on a 10-year time horizon, we're going to need a lot of new phosphate capacity, and that phosphate capacity, frankly, is going to come from probably North Africa and the Saudis. So we fully expect that they will need to, to keep the market balanced, at least do 50% of that world market share. And we expect – look, over time, our Florida operations are not going to get bigger. We've invested in Vale in Brazil and we've invested in Ma'aden, which will bring up our production levels. But overall, over a 10-year time horizon, we would fully expect that we will probably lose market share to OCP, and they'll be, at some point, the dominant player, as the dominant player in this business. And then of course, Ma'aden will be the other one that will be, if not as big as us, probably close on our tail. So we, we're fully expecting that in how we see the industry playing out. Operator, next question, please.
James C. O'Rourke: And Steve, if you look at our predictions for next year, we're looking at 63.5 million to 65.5 million tonnes global shipments next year. You compare that to 2016 at 60.7 million tonnes, we have more than absorbed any capacity increases that would come from legacy at 1.8 million tonnes. We're at 4 million tonnes of growth. And the only new capacity coming on is 1.8 million tonnes. So clearly on that, the market will be tighter next year than it actually was in 2016.
James C. O'Rourke: Sure, Dan. Let me start by saying you recognize we have a split rating where Moody's does rate us one notch higher than S&P. And so they are putting us on notice. But I'm going to let Rich Mack talk about our capital strategy and what we're doing there and any conversation he can give you there. Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay. With that, I'd like to thank everybody for joining us today and wish you all a great day. Thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call.
