James T. Prokopanko: Kevin, that was an anticipated question, and Rick McLellan, our Executive Vice President of Commercial, will add some explanation to that.
James T. Prokopanko: Kevin, I'll just add my comment to that. What we're seeing, and we're seeing it throughout the -- and certainly in North America and generally through the world, is a reluctance by buyers to commit. Nobody has any doubt that farmers are going to use phosphate and potash, and as we're seeing in many other industries, commercial enterprises don't want to take a risk or take a -- make a commitment until the very last minute. So yes, there could be some slowness in this quarter, but we expect that will return when farmers are ready to fertilize.
James T. Prokopanko: Jeff, to your first question, simple answer, yes. The 1.3 million tonnes that comes back under the tolling agreement is included as Mosaic Company's share of Canpotex. And to your second question about the phosphate numbers for the first quarter, Rick McLellan will help you with that answer.
James T. Prokopanko: Mark, I'm going to -- with your question, I'm going to -- I'm just thinking how to answer it. I'm going to have Joc help me with it, but we had the desire to impact in terms of matching our supply with the demand that we had out there. So we got back in balance, and we addressed some of our storage issues. And I'll ask Joc to discuss how we -- the actual numbers versus the intended numbers and what happened at the facilities.
James T. Prokopanko: Yes, David. We don't see China doing anything much until sometime in August. Yes, we'd very much like to see a rollover or higher pricing to what was achieved last year. Those discussions and negotiations are currently underway with Canpotex, and we'll see what emerges. What you do have -- what's different in these last few weeks is what's happening in these grain markets, and the question we're all asking is this going to be a catalyst to start moving, increasing, enhancing demand for crop nutrients, and is this going to impact the fertilizer pricing? And it's early to make a final call, but grain is becoming more expensive, corn, oilseed and the knock-on effects to wheat, palm oil and so on. So I think there are some things that are changing between now and August that everybody has to pay attention to. But it's in Canpotex's hands. They're negotiating.
James T. Prokopanko: Okay, Joel, good questions. I'm going to ask Rick, our commercial leader, Rick McLellan, to answer those questions.
James T. Prokopanko: Joc O'Rourke is leading our project, the ammonia expansion, the new plant and the expansion of current facilities, and he'll add an explanation of what our timeline looks like.
James T. Prokopanko: Jacob, we have been dealing with the brine at Esterhazy for about 30 years, and from time to time and over those 30 years, we do find different and emerging flow patterns. Some odd anomaly flows may come in at a -- from a different area than we might have previously experienced, and that's been the history over the 30 years. And the rates go up, and the rates go down. We've dealt with this -- we've dealt with it for 30 years successfully. We continue to deal with it, and we are very, very confident that we can deal with some of these new, we call them anomalies, there’s some unexpected events. Every one has been dealt with. We've not lost, in those 30 years, a single day of production. We don't see the Esterhazy brine inflow as so much a matter of losing production, but one more of the cost issue with us. So we're -- as I say, in summary, we're confident that we will deal with whatever is dealt with us, and we've got 30 years of experience doing that. For the K3 mine expansion, Joc is leading that project, having some good success, as we said, on time and on budget. And Joc can add some details.
James T. Prokopanko: And Joc, if I could just add just to be sure that while we're very much on schedule to be running at full rates by the end of this fiscal quarter at South Fort Meade, we won't start to see the full P&L impact of that until the second half of our fiscal year.
James T. Prokopanko: Okay, with that, we're going to close our call this morning. In closing, I'd like to summarize 3 key messages that I hope you leave with: first, external factors created some challenges for us and the rest of this industry this past year; second, Mosaic made important and significant progress in our fiscal 2012; and finally, prospects for our business this year and beyond are very, very positive. Mosaic is in an excellent position to achieve our vision of being recognized as the best crop nutrition company in the world. Everybody, have a great day. Thank you.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes, the -- as we finished up Q4, we came out of Q4 with very, very low inventories, and that, combined with some significant turnarounds that we’re expecting in Q1, is going to limit the top end of the volume that we have to ship. And in turn, we're seeing some nice price movement during the quarter. The things that are going to impact the cost, I think I'll have Joc O'Rourke answer that one.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes, Don, I think your question is did we have to expand it this year, and the answer for phosphates is most definitely not. Potash, we’ve continued to expand the programs what we have -- that we have and the amount of product that we're going to have available into North America. But that's strictly a function of how the potash market has operated. The -- what we found on the phosphate market is people are -- phosphate and potash in North America, customers are willing to layer in percentages of the volumes that they need for fall. So this cautious conservative buying behavior that Jim talked about continues, although we don't find that we've had to do anything different in the marketplace. The second part of your question had to do with the differences between domestic netbacks and export netbacks. One of the things that you have to break away is the difference between blend-grade product and standard product. And as we move over time, those spreads are going to continue to -- the export and domestic prices are going to continue to get closer together. But one thing that impacts the netbacks probably the most is standard product going into contract markets, so it leaves that spread wide. And when you take a look at the North American market, it's a blend-grade market, and so I think one of the ways to look at it is blend-grade around the world continues to trade at a premium to standard.
Richard N. McLellan: /> Yes, Jeff. I'll go back to what I said before. We entered into this quarter with much lower volumes, so that limits our ability to ship during the quarter for phosphates. And one of the other pieces that's going on is a little bit of timing in our international business. So we don't expect a significant change year-on-year in volumes. It's really going to be in -- it's going to show most of itself in this quarter as we began with less inventory and we're -- we have significant production turnarounds at some of our phosphate facilities in Florida.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes, Joel, on Chinese potash inventory, we just see everybody shipping to meet their contracts. It's going to reflect -- their first half contracts, which is reflecting a bit of build in inventories at the ports. Nothing that we hadn't expected, and I think, as Jim said, a lot has to play out between now and August when we expect the deal to be closed. The second piece was the -- your question was on India. And on India, we continue to see them buy volumes out of China, little bits and pieces every week. There still isn't enough DAP going into India. We had -- we limited the amount of DAP we had in our first quarter, which you saw in our contract that we completed, and we focused on markets that provide us a little better return. And so longer term, we know that we're going to do less into India, and we're very comfortable and our customers were very comfortable in the program we put together this year.
Richard N. McLellan: I think, Jim, you've covered India, other than the fact to add that these local price increases because of the change in the currency are taking farmers some time to get used to. So that's why we expect not a robust return to demand there. But overall, we still expect the Indians to come in for a contract discussion in September. Now in Brazil, there's been several announced price increases of $30 a tonne. It's our belief that a portion of those have been -- a portion of that $30 has been captured. I think the Brazil market, as we went into the calendar year, carried through a significant amount of potash. That is getting used up with the marketplace as strong as it is. It's amazing the impact of beans in the teens will have on demand for crop nutrients, specifically phosphate and potash in Brazil. And so we've seen strong volume, and the price is continuing to edge up, rather than take a significant $30 price increase.
Richard N. McLellan: It'll be -- yes, Michael, the kind of Brazilian demand and what gets planted. Right now, the economics for soybeans are extremely compelling in Brazil, and so this October's plantings, I think the expectation is, is that we will see more hectares planted of soybeans. Brazil has had a significant Safrinha this past -- that's just being harvested, and expectations are is some of that will come on the market. Phosphate demand, we think, is going to continue to be very strong into Brazil, and we look for good second half shipments to meet up for what the market will need. One of the things that the Brazilians are experiencing that is something they continue to need to focus on, this is a growing market, and vessels are waiting at main ports for up to 45 days. So I think we'll see a lull in new purchases of phosphate just to deal with the offloading of purchases that are coming in right now.
James C. O'Rourke: The costs for the quarter, we're seeing some pressures on both sulfur and ammonia costs, which are mostly due to ammonia tightening up, of course, in the world market, particularly with the nonperformance of Trinidad ammonia.
James C. O'Rourke: So Mark, in answer to your question, yes, we certainly had the downtime that we announced. We had inventory limitations early in the year, which we addressed by taking some downtime, in particular some longer Christmas shutdowns. We ended the year with higher inventory. However, we feel it's appropriate with the shutdowns we're going to have and particularly with Esterhazy tying in the new circuit, the expansion circuit, we expect we're going to need that inventory for the fall, and we're well prepared for that.
James C. O'Rourke: So Dan, in terms of the timeline, we are in the process of doing a detailed feasibility study at this point. It is quite a complex project. We are now analyzing not only the economics, but the technology, the permitting and the design options. As Larry said, we expect to have that decision towards the end of this calendar year for construction next calendar year.
James C. O'Rourke: Jacob, the stage we're at right now, we've been working on the pre-sinking, the civil construction of the site itself. We have the freeze plans in place. We'll be moving into the freezing, and we'll be raising up the headframe this year in preparation for shaft-sinking starting in the next fiscal year, right on time.
James C. O'Rourke: So going forward, Bill, the first priority for us is to rebuild the inventories that we drew down, the rock inventories that we drew down over the last year or 2. We are well on our way to doing that. South Fort Meade, as Jim said, is well on its way to be up to-- being up to full production again as we move draglines into the new Hardee County portion of that site. In the next year, once we get our inventories up, we will start moving more material to Louisiana to offset any of the purchased rock we've had in the past. So we'll still need high production rates from both Wingate and Four Corners. That may change in a year or 2, but up until then, we expect to run those operations just as hard as we are today.
