Jim Prokopanko: Thanks Mike, to wrap up I’d like to recap a few points. Our confidence in Mosaic’s long-term outlook has not waivered. Farmer economics are strong in the Americas and Asia. Farmers are getting a great return on their investment in crop nutrients and as the global population continues to increase, there is little doubt that food security will rank among the world’s highest priorities.  We are encouraged by recent market trends and the growing sense of confidence amongst our many customers. Demand has picked up in phosphates and we expect potash will soon follow. Once confidence is gained, demand will improve. Potash tonnes will move and the market will tighten.  Though we can’t predict exactly when this will occur we are quite certain that farmers will replenish depleted potash levels in the soil. These trends will result in gradually improving financial performance through the remainder of fiscal 2010. We expect to finish the fiscal year on a strong note in our fourth quarter which will provide significant momentum as we move into fiscal 2011. We are committed to value creation and our strategic plans. Being a producer and marketer of both potash and phosphate, gives us a strong and unique advantage. Long-term fundamentals remain in tact due to continued demand for food, feed, and fuel. We are now ready for questions. 
Jim Prokopanko: I’m surprised that’s our first question, well quite simply we don’t have a meeting of the minds on what the fundamentals, forward fundamentals are on potash. Canpotex and the Canadian producers have one view that it’s a stronger and tightening market than the Chinese see it at. We’re not prepared to meet the kind of price expectations the Chinese have and we continue to discuss and negotiate a contract and we feel evermore confident over the last weeks given indications of what’s happened in international markets and demand for potash. It continues to remain strong and strengthening. 
Jim Prokopanko: Its March, April that that contract with the Indians are due. We expect that some time soon before March, likely in February or the next few weeks we’ll get interest from the Indians and they have no production as you know, and we expect their demand needs will be what they were in the past years and likely higher.  So we’re optimistic that we’re going to see a good demand pull and that would be going into a strengthening market. 
Jim Prokopanko: We’re not prepared to do business with the Chinese at the current price expectations and the current history of what’s been negotiated with other suppliers, so I just don’t see that price being reflective of what’s going to happen in the new year.  I’ll just add one thing to that, with some reduced demand expectations in China, its certainly the ones that are being reflected by the Chinese and communicated by the Chinese, and some modestly improved production volumes, China is in demand on the world’s potash market is not what it used to be and I just don’t see that as being influential with world pricing going forward. 
Jim Prokopanko: Simple answer to that, no I don’t think we need that. The price that’s been established between the Chinese with other producers have set I think a bottom and we are now seeing interest at prices higher then that so, I don’t see that Canpotex China contract is going to have much of an impact going forward. 
Jim Prokopanko: I’m going to let our CFO, Larry Stranghoener address the question on the cost absorption on the brine and then turn it over to James O’Rourke, our Senior Vice President for Operations to touch on the raw material costs. 
Jim Prokopanko: Certainly at today’s phosphate and generally all nutrient prices and given the foreign [bean] wheat prices that we’re seeing and other commodities, we see fertilizer being very, very affordable. This is down to some historic lows in terms of the total cost of farmers’ production costs.  So we don’t see any demand destruction occurring at the currently priced product pricings and we think there’s potential certainly for the farmers to absorb higher costs. We’d like them to be as prosperous as possible and, so simply no, we don’t see demand destruction occurring.  Now if we start seeing some run ups to the sort of torrid levels of a year and a half ago, that’s another question. 
Jim Prokopanko: I can’t say much at all about what is on, in discussions with Canpotex and our various international customers, but its encouraging. We are seeing other customers show a determination and willingness to commit to product at prices above the recently agreed to China BPC pricing. So its coming along and getting the timing down to this month, next month is a little tricky but we’re not seeing a lot of resistance to higher prices. 
Jim Prokopanko: Well the two components of the visibility of the pipeline, we know the producer stocks and through trade associations, that’s pretty clear and Mike I think adequately captured well the low levels that we are and in the case of Mosaic, historically low levels we have in producer stocks.  The pipeline going forward into warehouses and distributions, it is low. There’s no formal reporting of that but we have sales staff and marketing staff that are travelling the country and they see the warehouses and over the last six weeks or so, eight weeks, we have seen dealers begin to position products.  And we’re not to full stocks by any means yet, or the pipeline isn’t fully charged, so we’ve got a ways to go yet. Is it one quarter full, one half full, its tough to say. I’d say its less than half full and there is a lot of product that has yet to move between now and a planting season and fertilizer season getting started.  So we do see a diminished pipeline and we’re not running into plugged warehouses as far as moving product. You asked the next question on potash, until the, in North America dealers have been waiting to see what happens in China, that’s been the [bell weather] deal to happen before dealers and distributors got comfortable with what direction we may head.  I think two things have happened, one a price has been put in, a very low price on potash and I think the sense now is with strengthened commodity prices, there’s a feeling that there’s more upside in the material costs and the fertilizer costs then there is downside so we are, after the holiday break that we just have gone through and people just getting back to work, we’re starting to get calls in and people are prepared to make decisions about their potash pricing and the potash orders for the spring season.  But we expect, and that’s part of the reason why we’re reluctant at this point to give any guidance, we just haven’t had the sort of solid book of orders show up just yet, but this is all three, four week old news and it will come in the couple weeks ahead. 
Jim Prokopanko: We’ve not given a lot of direction on individual projects. We have in the case of the potash expansion plans, we’ve announced broadly what our expansion goals are. We have about 12 individual projects for expansion that will take upwards of 10 years to get fully online. We are continuing to pursue all the projects as to the extent we’ve discussed in the past and continue to look at that on a regular and very periodic basis of where we may pull back or what we might accelerate.  But right now we’ve not made any decisions to pull back on any of the projects we’ve addressed. Your question about pricing, and what impact that’s going to have, these prices are volatile, this business as I keep saying is cyclical and at this point we are not seeing anything on the horizon saying that there’s been a fundamental change to the world S&D on potash and we feel that we’ll continue these projects.  The numbers that we’ve thrown out in the past have been the new green field project, is going to cost something in the range of $2,000 a tonne, that’s probably conservatively and would require a $600 a tonne pricing level into perpetuity to get a return on that investment and we think brown fields are $1,000 to $1,200 a tonne and that’s going to take something just under $300 a tonne to justify a return on those investments.  So I hope that gives you some kind of bounds of what we’re thinking and what the economic returns are to either of those kind of projects. 
Jim Prokopanko: Yes, I think James touched on it, we see the greatest pricing pressure in the sulfur markets and that is something that traditionally and historically is passed on in the price of the phosphates and I expect that will continue. We are advantaged in North America that we’re paying lower costs than the Asian markets are or the Latin American markets for our sulfur being close to many of the sulfur producers.  So we see an advantage there versus global competition and to the extent that sulfur prices go up I think that’s going to be pretty close dollar for dollar transferred to the price of the product that we sell. Fai Lee – RBC Capital Markets : So you don’t see the current DAP price doesn’t fully reflect the rising cost pressure then, now the last time, well we’ve seen this before where also when we saw higher ammonia and higher sulfur prices, phosphate rock exporters saw that as an opportunity to raise their prices as well which turned out to be beneficial for Mosaic, is that something similar that you’re seeing happening heading into the spring this year. 
Jim Prokopanko: That’s a potential, we don’t sell rock. We buy a little bit ourselves and I’d anticipate with the rising phosphate market, those that do produce and sell rock would look for an opportunity to increase the price on rock as well. An increasing phosphate market will, that tide will rise that boat as well. Fai Lee – RBC Capital Markets : On the brine inflow, in terms of the $35 million in Q2 do you expect that to come down a bit going forward or just remain at that level for next couple of quarters. 
Jim Prokopanko: I would say on the potash pricing we are, refusal to meet the Chinese price expectations is reflective that we see the current market as being stronger than that. That we are able to find customers willing to pay higher prices and no point in lowering it for the Chinese business, particularly as small as it is potentially this year.  But we see the market, global markets, North America and international going beyond what the Chinese price is. We’ve made some sales as recently as yesterday in North America at prices higher than that and we find international customers willing to pay more than what the Chinese negotiated, whatever it is that they’ve negotiated with the [EPC].  So we’re going forward looking for higher pricing in potash. 
Jim Prokopanko: Sorry, I’m not going to be able to cooperate with you on that question. We’re in the midst of negotiation on that so we’re not about to play our card now and while we’re talking to suppliers and just can’t help you out. Market is tightening, we recognize that, we see some international pricing and the next few weeks will tell. 
Jim Prokopanko: Yes, absolutely. Being as close as we are to the domestic producers, handling a molten products, being able to be there with long-term demand expectations, we do get a considerable advantage. 
Jim Prokopanko: China is as ever unpredictable and frankly surprised us when they did come back to the market, came into the market for phosphates given a couple of years of export history. We think, we see that as an anomaly. Its fairly well balanced to exportable balances available in China.  There was two things that contributed to that, one is the product mostly went into mostly the Northern parts of China. China produces and mines its phosphates in the South and the logistics were advantaged just to send it by ship from other locations to their tide water ports in the North. That happens time to time. The other piece was with the NPK compound producers in China, they pulled back high potash values. Farmers weren’t prepared to put up potash on their fields and they stopped producing and farmers were prepared to buy phosphate in place of NPK’s and so you had this sort of unusual set of circumstances contribute to a 600,000 tonne import and we don’t have that in our grid going forward. 
Jim Prokopanko: Okay, China has been a very good and continues to be or has until recently been a very good customer. In many regards they appreciate the quality of the Canadian product, they are not as predictable as they are in their demand and nor are they buying at the scale that they have in the past.  That was one reason why China would often get a preferred pricing. They bought large volumes, predictable, evenly distributed over the year. For various reasons they’re not continuing to operate with those attributes and so I just don’t see that the Chinese are going to be able to justify premium pricing or discount pricing given their reduced volumes and their unpredictability in terms of their annual or quarterly take.  So I think that it’s a loss of a discount into that market. 
Jim Prokopanko: Well the producers have a large inventory, very large inventories at our production facilities or warehouses and we’re going to, we’re at a point now as we experienced with phosphate, we are going to find the market clearing price and we think that the kind of prices we’re quoting now will be that market clearing price in North America.  We recognize that, we’ve taken action on that and it is still a handsome price for producers given what we’ve seen two and three years ago, not what it was a year ago and that was an anomaly. So I think there’s going to be a period where we clear out the inventories, demand recovers, farmers have to replace their potash levels in their soils, whether its this year or between this year and next year, and it will be back to a more balanced time to supply and demand scenario. 
Jim Prokopanko: With that we’ll conclude our question-and-answer session and thank you all for your considerable interest. The demand for nutrients to produce more food will inevitably expand. The world is not getting less hungry. With our balanced portfolio, and strong competitive position, Mosaic is well situated to create value for our shareholders, and customers for years to come.  Again thank you, have a great day.
PJ Juvekar – Citigroup: A couple of questions on potash, can you talk about why hasn’t Canpotex settled yet with China and what is Canpotex looking for. 
PJ Juvekar – Citigroup: And just as a follow-up what are your expectations for the Indian contract that comes for renewal in March, 2010.
PJ Juvekar – Citigroup: I’m sorry, I was talking about price and you think Indian contract will be similarly priced to the Chinese contract. 
Rick McLellan: As we look into Q3 because I think that’s what you’re asking about, the volume with the new segment that we’re planning on shipping or the ranges that we have, is very close to what if you look at the recast segments, very close to what we did in Q3 two years ago.  So I think that if you look, you’ve got to remember Q3 is going to be the lowest quarter that we have, and that’s, and so for this quarter coming forward you’ve seen our ranges. So the expectation is take a look back at the recast numbers and that will give you a good idea going forward. 
Rick McLellan: That is always a question when we move into markets that are moving up. We sell into moving markets so that we’ve got a book of business on that reflects moving into it and we always trail spot pricing and this is, if you look back, this is what’s happened in previous quarters that we’ve had price moves like this and so its very consistent. 
Rick McLellan: In Brazil, if you think about, the best way to look at it is last year coming out of December, Brazil had just over two million tonnes of inventory in the system, the whole distribution system. The latest kind of numbers that we look at show that being less than 600 and probably closer to 400,000 tonnes.  And so that is about as empty as anyone in this marketplace has seen it. So again its not if, its when they come back into the market to restock themselves to meet their demand. But this is counter cyclical to North America so their real demand is going to come in that April forward period, their real need. 
Rick McLellan: What kind of pricing we’re seeing in Brazil, we’re seeing business close. Canpotex hasn’t closed any yet but we’re seeing business close there at that 400 level and so that seems to be a number that’s acceptable.  In North America we came out with a program on Monday that’s market competitive, put it in front of our customers on Monday and as you know, our customers have just come through the holiday season, a relatively robust prepayment season from their customers, and they’re just getting their heads back trying to understand what’s going on in all the markets.  But we feel that the kind of global price discovery and these prices that fit well for both the dealer and the farmer customer, that we’re going to get uptick and as Jim said, we continue to see customers coming in and buying. We’re still in transition, but we expect that that’s going to continue on into January. 
Rick McLellan: I’ll just answer it in the fact that we look at Q3 as a potash market in transition and that’s why we haven’t given price guidance and it would be unfair for me to even provide some right now.
Rick McLellan: Those tonnes are the international distribution tonnes and they’re sourced both from ourselves and others but the, if you want to think about the margins on those, its around 3% to 5%, 3% to 7% with an average of 5%. 
Rick McLellan: With [Phosphorteel] we’re an investor so it would be wrong for me to give any kind of forward look for them. So I would encourage a discussion with [Phosphorteel] although looking at overall phosphate businesses, like our own, we expect improvement. 
Mike Rahm: That’s certainly one of the key factors that we’re watching. I think one, obviously the world has rebuilt stocks to more comfortable levels than a couple of years ago. The Southern Hemisphere harvest is one of the factors that could swing things.  But I think it’s the generally favorable global economic outlook and the bit of improvement maybe in the livestock sectors bode well for demand going forward as well as the higher energy prices and the demand going into the bio fuels refineries around the world.  So I think what futures markets are telling us, best bet or the best guess at this point and things continue to look very favorable. You look at closing prices yesterday, new crop corn at [$4.45], new crop soybeans at [$10.23], sugar prices at over $0.27 a pound, palm oil prices at [$2,600] plus ringgits per metric tonne.  Those are all very high and favorable prices and that certainly is the most important factor as far as farmer economics right now. 
Mike Rahm: We looked at the four main dry products, urea, DAP, MAP and potash, and there are a couple of other smaller ones in there. What’s interesting if you look at shipments in July through December of 2009, they were actually less than the previous year so all of the increase that we’re projecting in demand really needs to be shipped in the first half of 2010. And of those products, the phosphate products have returned to a bit more normal shipments and its really the potash and the dry nitrogen products that have the largest shipments ahead of them. 
Mike Rahm: Our expectation is that basically the Chinese net exports will be roughly in line with what they were in 2009 however we don’t think there will be a whole lot coming out the first half of the year due to the fact that domestic demand has been so strong and more of that is backend loaded.  But with the way demand is shaping up, when we see peak, Southern Hemisphere demand come to the market and the large Asian demand shipping in the same period we think there will be room for those tonnes in the marketplace second half of the year. For a number, 2.5 million tonnes of DAP MAP net exports plus or minus a couple hundred thousand tonnes is what we would use. 
Mike Rahm: I think when you look at the farmer economic, I don’t have the numbers right in front of me, but I think return over variable cost right now for a high yield Midwest farm operation for corn is somewhere in that 380 plus range. And in terms of the improvement certainly compared to a couple of years ago, there’s certainly been an impact with lower commodity prices, but if you take current new crop prices of 445, subtract our a normal basis, part of that, a significant part of that improvement is in terms of higher prices compared to the lower values that we’ve seen earlier.  Certainly the drop in energy, the drop in some of the chemicals, the drop in fertilizer prices, certainly that drop in input costs is a big factor. Seed costs are probably the one exception to that but the whole bundle of crop input has improved that.  In terms of where prices go and what kind of increase might be in store, I think we’ve indicated we don’t see a return to the extraordinarily high levels of two years ago. So certainly there may be some adjustments. We’re seeing phosphate prices increase, a recalibration of some of the potash prices. The number in terms of the cost of fertilizer for this kind of operation is sort of in that $85 to $90 per acre range and its been in that range for quite a while and that is down from about $145 a year ago and two years ago.  So it certainly helped and bottom line is with where commodity prices are and input costs are, we believe farm economics, not only for corn and soybean but for many crops around the globe are just fine. 
Don Carson - UBS: Question going back to potash, I think in the Q you actually mention that in, you slipped some guidance in there, you said in Q3 you expect potash prices to be down sequentially, how far is down. And I guess the question on Brazil would be are you seeing price pressure in Brazil because of the Chinese settlement. I think they would agree with your assessment that China is not the biggest buyer anymore. Brazil is a large importer and China is buying on a landed basis so they’re not taking freight risk anymore, both reasons for Brazil to get as good a price as China. So I’m wondering is the Canpotex refusal to do business at 350 landed in China really an attempt to maintain the nice spot premiums that you’re seeing in Brazil and as well as in the US where obviously you sell individually. 
Don Carson - UBS: So is pricing holding in Brazil at that $400 landed level and can you comment on your new price list in the US. I know one of your competitors posted about a 430 metric tonne equivalent.
Don Carson - UBS: And can you clarify the comment about how you expect potash prices to be down sequentially in Q3, how far is down. 
Steve Bryne: Your competitors in India and China are certainly [putting] a lot more for sulfur than you are now, but expecting that sulfur market in the US Gulf to tighten up, can you put a range of your expectations of where your sulfur contract price will be in the first calendar quarter. 
Steve Bryne: Well if the Indians and the Chinese are paying $130 a tonne or more do you at least expect to maintain an advantage. 
Steve Bryne: And when do you expect to work through that high cost sulfur contract that you secured from Canada back in 2008, are you nearly through that. 
Steve Bryne: And then can you comment on maybe where and what product you think that the supply chain delivery constraints are most likely to be pinched. 
Steve Bryne: And then can one of you characterize this roughly one million tonnes of additional volume that you’re now lumping into the phosphate segment that presumably you don’t have producer economics on, what is it and where are you sourcing it. 
Mike Gulley – Soleil Securities: You talked about potash pricing has come up quite a bit and I’m going to try to ask the question a little bit differently, do you see differentials in the various markets against China expanding or contracting on a go forward basis. 
Mike Gulley – Soleil Securities: Let’s assume for example that North America has always sold, I’ll just make it up for now, $100 a tonne differential versus China, on a go forward basis given whatever China is going to settle, do you see those differentials and let’s say a North America, a Brazil, a Southeast Asia, see those differentials changing up or down. 
Mike Gulley – Soleil Securities: And then secondly, on North America you’ve made some very positive comments about inventory demand, interest, and all that, how do I square that with the fact that one of your competitors dropped the North America price, at least for the first two months of this calendar year quite significantly. Can you help me reconcile those two sets of facts. 
Mike Gulley – Soleil Securities: I was hoping to get the return of a variable cost numbers for corn and soy in your presentation, I think you might have left that out. This is more of an observation than a question, but clearly a lot of the good ROVC we’re going to see this coming year is due to lower fertilizer prices, not so much to higher crop prices. If fertilizer prices do advance the way that seems to be the theme on this call, wouldn’t that have a fairly big impact on farmer profitability for the 10 crop. 
