Jim Prokopanko: To wrap up, this was a strong quarter that again reinforced the advantages of having the strategy focused on a balanced nutrient portfolio. The demand for both phosphates and potash continues to expand globally, placing Mosaic in a unique position to capitalize in markets worldwide. We're excavating well against our long-term strategy to create shareholder value. And for fulfilling our mission of helping world grow the food it needs. We are excited and optimistic about prospects for the 2011 fiscal year. Now back to you Christine.
Jim Prokopanko: No, we are not expecting anything material. We may have to do a bit of onsite work to allow imports or receipt of phosphate rock into our ports. But nothing that we have to call out.
Jim Prokopanko: Vincent, I am going to turn this over to Rick McLellan, leader of our Commercial group who is just back from a spin through the mid west visiting customers and dealers.
Jim Prokopanko: I'll take the first question and Larry Stranghoener will take the second one. The first one is an easy question. The answer is yes, we do have rock contract with core and the cost is going to be in that $100 to $120 a ton higher price range than what it currently cost us to deliver it from our Florida operations. So that's the delivered increase I am talking about $100 to $120.
Jim Prokopanko: Robert, to your second question about the flexibility we have with the Indian contract, that was a fixed price contract of 2 million tones we negotiated. And rather than have a fixed volume set per month we've agreed to work with one another to what is convenient for our respective sides to receive the product. So it's worked extremely well that when we have a product that we'd like to move and make some space in our inventory, they have been willing to take it and they have had some port congestion. And we've been able to work at moving that product and keeping it in North America for a period of time. So it's just best efforts on both sides to make that work. And it's worked well, served us well and served them well.
Jim Prokopanko: Two questions, the first about taxes. I saw that report and read it with interest. And how the taxes may or may not change I just think it's premature to talk about that. The concern I have on the tax piece is that however the Saskatchewan government chooses to tax potash, they're going to have to just be mindful of where that moves potash production along the cost curve. At present it's a very flat cost curve amongst all producers. There is a tail and a nose of 10% on either side that are sort of in extremes, but small, small volumes. And in between you have this group of producers that there isn't a lot of differentiation between what the cost is and you add taxes on that. Saskatchewan is already a higher taxed geography to be producing potash. So, they are mindful of it, we remind them of that. And if they add or increase the taxes, they will push Saskatchewan producers to the right of the cost curve and have the impact on the profitability of the industry, et cetera, et cetera. So time will tell on that. In terms of the China question about profitability, we've seen the profitability to the farmer if potash prices go up. We've had, I think now three consecutive years of reduced potash application rates in China. And over that period of time, we've seen China grow the amount of grains and oilseeds that they're importing into the country. So the potash will go to the highest bidders. And if there are other countries that will be willing to pay for the potash and demand the potash then I think China will continue on that escalator up or they continue to import grains and oilseeds that others are growing. It's an issue that the Chinese have to deal with. And by the way manage food prices in country and allow prices to increase so that the farmers in China can have a greater incentive to produce more crops.
Jim Prokopanko: I've said this before. There are a number of nutrients that are important to growing a crop. Two of them are our children, we love them both equally. And what is necessary is a balanced crop nutrient regiment for any farmer anywhere in the world. And to single out one nutrient as the silver bullet to success is just not good science or good agronomics. And it depends on what the field conditions are, different geographies, it's different. And in the case of potash and phosphate, farmers can take holidays and defer paying for those nutrients or using those nutrients. But you can only defer, you can't completely avoid and it does catch up with you. And I think there is history and psychology that goes into it. We've got probably 30 years of history where potash is sold for probably all but 24 months of that period under $200 per ton. And producers are used to paying $150 per ton or $200 per ton for potash. And what do you mean it's $300 or $400 or $500, they're just not comfortable with that notion. Whereas there is a greater understanding that in the case of nitrogen that is driven by gas prices and world S&B on gas and energy products. And phosphates as well, we've seen more volatility and people are used to it by way of the raw materials that go into it. The sulfur and ammonia that could move it around. But potash is just something that I advise dealers and farmers get used to the cost that we are in a period of higher highs and higher lows, it'll remain cyclical. But the cost of producing this stuff, although there is not much in the way of raw materials, replacing the mining equipment, the mill has gotten considerably more expensive. So this past season we've seen phosphate prices I think take the medicine earlier in terms of adjusting. And producers are back to buying. And I think this will also occur in potash, taking a little longer, but its coming.
Jim Prokopanko: Dealing with the Chinese, we're always talking to the Chinese and we're always negotiating with the Chinese, speaking for Canpotex. And so we've been ongoing discussions over the year. My judgment that we are nearing an agreement with the Chinese and going into the detail is going to be a year or less. We're asking for a less than a year and their buying behavior over the last couple of years have been in line with that. They have ended up settling on less than four-year contracts, and that's the way it's become. So we're going to probably look to achieve something like that. But I think we'll by the end of this calendar year have something in place and announce. That's all I can say on it, Edlain.
Rich Mack: The only update I would have for you is the court has set a trial day which is now scheduled for September of 2011. And we are currently shipping the PCS. And based off of our current mining plans and current calculations, we believe that the expiration of the tolling agreement will occur in June of 2011 with one important point that I would make to that. That assumes that we are delivering 900,000 tones of potash product that is in dispute currently under the litigation as it relates to a force majeure declaration made by PCS during calendar 2009.
Rich Mack: If I could just qualify that, Jim, that would bring Esterhazy to a total of 7 million tons. The shaft expansion itself would add an incremental 900,000 to 1 million ton of capacity.
Rich Mack: Farooq, this is Rich Mack. With respect to the area-wide EIS, I think what we would say with respect to that is that it's in its infancy stages right now. I don't think that the Army Corps of Engineers has a specific game plan with respect to how they want to approach an area-wide EIS. In fact, there are meetings ongoing tomorrow and Thursday in Florida, which is essentially an informational workshop where they are going to learn more about various interests with respect to an area-wide EIS. From our perspective, we have future permits, but we have a fairly long lead time before we meet those permits, and we will be actively engaged with the Army Corps of Engineers with respect to the scope of the area-wide EIS and obviously the timing as it relates to any future needs that we might have. So I guess in sum, a lot is yet to be determined in terms of how that proceeds. With respect to the use of phosphate rock in terms of meeting our production needs for the fourth quarter, it's a combination, as I think Jim outlined. We're using up obviously our existing phosphate rock inventories. We are importing some rock from Morocco. We are just beginning the Miski Mayo imports from Peru which we're happy to begin. And finally, we're using down our finished phosphate fertilizer inventories that we currently have available. It's too early to give any information out in terms of cost as it relates to Miski Mayo, but I think it's safe to say that the cost is going to be purchased from the joint venture at arm's length and we would benefit through our equity investment that we've made and closed upon this last quarter.
Larry Stranghoener: With respect to the brine inflow question, the brine inflow cost were $37 million in the quarter, up from $25 million the quarter before that, and don't read anything into that number that's going to vary a bit from quarter-to-quarter. We still expect to spend $120 million to $130 million this year in mitigating the brine inflow. But it was up a bit sequentially. With respect to Phosphate cost, your number is not a bad one. Jim mentioned the $30 million expense hit at South Fort Meade that essentially is the effect of South Fort Meade becoming an idle plant and its cost running straight to the P&L has opposed to inventory. In addition to that because of lower rock production at our other mines as well there were other fixed cost absorption issues that totaled up to about $50 million including $30 million for South Fort Meade. So, again your estimates are a pretty good one.
Larry Stranghoener: The $30 million number was the first quarter number. The number in subsequent quarters will be lower on the order of $20 million or so per quarter.
Larry Stranghoener: The answer to your first question, potash margins were down sequentially, you're right, because of significantly lower production volume in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter. It was not unexpected. We signaled it in our fourth quarter conference call. And it relates to the summer shutdowns and turnarounds we schedule in our potash mines during our first quarter. And to your second question about the impact of the expansion at Esterhazy and how that would affect our brine inflow, it's a project separate from the current mine workings. So no, it won't have any direct impact on the brine inflow. However, sinking a second shaft will be separate from and will have a good distance from the current mine working. So heaven forbid if there's ever a catastrophic failure, which we don't foresee happening, we will have a facility that will continue uninterrupted. We'll have the new mine shaft separate from the current workings using the existing infrastructure and mill works above ground. Well, with that, we'll conclude our Q&A session. The demand for nutrients to produce more food will inevitably expand. The world is not getting less hungry. With our balanced portfolio and strong competitive position, Mosaic is well situated to create value for our shareholders and customers for years to come. Thank you for joining us today. Please log off the call now. Thank you.
