Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Paul. And let me start by talking about Esterhazy. Esterhazy has been a 10-year plan. And in that plan, we not only brought out a new mine at K3 but fully intended to bring on an extra 1 million tons of production, which was aligned with the capacity of the K1 and K2 mills. So, as we talk about that, we’ve always looked at Esterhazy as being our most efficient, lowest-cost operations. So yes, we absolutely will expand the capacity of Esterhazy’s K3 mine to meet the capacity of the mill. In terms of Colonsay, we see an immediate need for those tons as the gap in supply from Belarus has meant there’s been an opportunity for us and through Canpotex exporting more product. That near-term need, we expect, will continue into 2023. So, we certainly see a need for Colonsay in the near term. Bringing that production on has been relatively inexpensive, likely in the range of $50 per capacity ton. So on that basis, that’s paid off over a matter of months. So, how will we look at it as we go forward? We will always be focused on working towards value, not volume. And as such, we will meet the needs of the market and no more.
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Thank you, Steve, and good morning. Certainly, as prices are declining, nobody wants to step into a market. There’s necessary caution. I would argue, probably when the prices were higher, there was also a psychological or sentimental response. The economics of planting and using fertilizer never went negative. So, it isn’t a matter of the fundamentals. It was a matter of the sentiment, I would think, at some point. And then, as the prices declined, as you suggest, the buyers take a step back and wait. If they think the price is going to be lower tomorrow, they’ll wait and start buying when they absolutely need to. I think the indication now is the price has in fact stabilized. It’s stabilized at a price where they can see easy value, if you will. And so, they’re stepping back in. And absolutely, we expect there will be a pretty steady buying. Remember, at least in North America, though, we are in the fall season. So, they are taking a price risk for next spring. So, there might be a little more caution in terms of coming all in. But we’re seeing good movement, and that indicates that they believe that this is good value and that will continue.
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Adam. If I think about 2023, starting with potash, and we’ve been saying this, and with the lack of -- or the lack of sales coming out of Belarus, we do see that the market is going to have to ration supply, which does, as you mentioned, bring up an opportunity for us to potentially move more product. I will say that North America, we expect to stay relatively flat. It’s not a high-growth market. So, this is all an export opportunity, if you will. The challenges there are twofold. One is, do we get to the right markets that really need it? And then the other question is, can we even move it? So, those are the first points. The supply chain is at its limit right now, and we struggle to get the tons out, particularly say in the first quarter, which I think everyone sees problems getting product out of Canada in the first quarter with winter and all the rest. And then, it comes down to what’s the production capacity. We have, I think, developed real great flexibility there with Esterhazy now reaching what I would call its full capacity, bringing on Colonsay to augment that capacity and give us some flexibility so that we can hit the seasonality as well as the increased demand. So, I think we’re well positioned there. I can’t give you a specific number at this stage of what we think the year is going to bring for demand. But I mean we’re looking at a global market of 64 million tons next year in potash, up probably a little bit off this year. I think this year, we might have been as low as 62 million tons. So, we do see an improvement in the market. We see the rush of tons that came in the first quarter from Russia and Belarus are probably not coming, though a good opportunity for us in that first and second quarter, certainly of next year and then throughout the year. In terms of phosphates, we’re probably a little more production-limited in phosphates. I mean, we’re running those assets. But between the limitations of the resource base, whatnot, we don’t have an expansion opportunity really there. So, we expect that to stay similar in that sort of 8 million to -- maybe 8.5 million, 9 million tons of capacity. How well we utilize those will depend on the market. And so, our expectation is our utilization will be quite high next year. And in both those cases, we’re looking forward to being very well sold, if you will, and having high utilization of all our assets. And that would include our production assets in Brazil, of course, as well.
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Josh. If I think about prices, I think there’s really, at this stage, it’s going to be sentiment that will really -- sentiment and fundamentals that are really going to be the limitation to prices. I would argue that what we saw, particularly in Brazil when the price of potash went to, say, $1,200, the economics was still okay, but it was starting to get pretty difficult for the Brazilian farmer. And the one that they probably work off more is their barter ratio, which became quite elevated. So in other words, it was costing them a lot more of their production to buy the inputs than it had in previous years. So, I think there’s a risk if you go too high in price that you will actually start really destroying demand. So look, I think there is a great opportunity for a -- at the same reasonable barter ratios as we’ve had with elevated crop prices that we can have very good margins and that the market should be able to move up from here. I don’t believe it’s going to move to $1,200, but I think there’s probably some good room to move from where we are today.
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Edlain. So yes, we don’t -- we love all our children, as you highlight. If I look at the market fundamentals, and they’re both strong, but clearly, today, potash has a very good position in that as the slightly smaller of the two markets, and it has the bigger supply disruption. The supply disruption in China, while we believe will continue through 2023 or the export restrictions out of China, we expect those to continue. But that’s 5 million-ish tons on a 70-something million ton market, where in potash, you’re talking about a 8 million-ton decline on a 70 million-ton market. So, as you think about it from that perspective, the problems in Belarus in terms of exports are, A, less likely to be resolved; and B, more significant to the overall market. So if I had to be asked, which of the two had higher resilience, you’d probably say at this stage, it would be the potash market.
Joc O’Rourke: So, if I’m thinking about potash -- I’ll just hit potash real quick because I think you’ve touched on that. In potash, it’s two things that matter. One is where the product comes from. So obviously, running Colonsay at a little higher cost. The other thing that we have to take into account is Belle Plaine is highly dependent on the price of natural gas. It uses arguably some 30 million MMBtus per year of natural gas. So, if you add a couple of dollars to the natural gas price, it has a pretty big impact on that operation. So, other than that though, as you mentioned, the potash pricing or the potash cost is pretty stable. If we then look at phosphates -- and quite frankly, we are seeing some inflation in both, mining costs and processing. Mining, the distances are getting longer. The grades probably over the years is declining slightly. So, you’ve got some costs in there that come up. But they pale in comparison to when you look at the raw materials. If we think about $1,000 ammonia, that represents $200 on the cost of a ton of phosphates. If you think about a $400 sulfur, that represents about $180 cost on top. So, you could have -- at the peak, there was probably $420 a ton in our -- or sorry, $380 a ton in our phosphate cost just on those two raw materials. Now they’ve retracted back to $100 for sulfur and our average -- I think our average ammonia cost is now in the range of $600, if you take into account our own production and all the rest. So, that’s stable. And I think we talked about a $40 or $50 decline in raw materials costs, and that will fall straight to the margin. So, assuming flat prices, you could expect the margin to increase by about $40 to $50. And so, we’ll see where the price goes in the next quarter, but that’s kind of how that plays out.
Joc O’Rourke: Okay. So first one first, special dividend. I think we’ve been consistent in saying that we would be -- look at both dividends -- regular dividends, share buybacks and special dividends. So far, we have definitely focused on the share buybacks, and one of the reasons for that is -- or one of the main reasons for that is exactly as you say. We believe our shares offer as good a value as anything we can think of. And so, that’s a good place to return money to shareholders. At the same time, we have to consider all of our shareholders. Some of the long-term shareholders would like to see income. I would say, as a shareholder myself, I don’t mind the idea of seeing some of it come back as stable income. And quite frankly, if I decide, as I think I would, that the value of that meant I could buy more shares, I’m free to do that as well. So, I don’t think the idea of a combination is bad. We certainly have focused more on share buybacks. But I think we want to make sure we look at all of our shareholders. And if a small portion of our return to shareholders is through a special dividend when we’re doing well, I think that’s fair, too. And obviously, on a yearly basis, we’ll look at our overall dividend and make sure that we give a fair but affordable dividend there, too. So, second question, p rock, I’m not sure I 100% understood the question, Jeff. But there’s no question from -- in general, that phosphate rock mining in China has been restricted greatly because of its proximity to the Yangtze River. And so for environmental reasons, they’ve done a lot of restrictions on mining in China. So, if anything, I would argue that China is probably somewhat resource-constrained from a phosphate rock process. And so, we don’t expect expansion there. And what we’ve seen as well in terms of finished fertilizers is they have dropped their capacity significantly and shut down plants, particularly again along the Yangtze River, and have not rebuilt them. So, I think their capacity is down about 25% now. And in terms of their exports, two things are going on there. More product is going to industrial and particularly purified phosphoric acid. I can’t help but mention the -- again, the growth of lithium-ion phosphate batteries in China is just incredible. And it seems like that may well be the future of batteries is the more economic lithium-ion phosphate rather than nickel iron -- or nickel lithium cobalt. So, putting all that together, we see Chinese government needing to make sure fertilizers stays affordable in China, and they’re doing that by restricting exports. And so, we think that will continue. I hope that answers the question you were asking. If you’re asking about potash, I think what we’ve seen is Qinghai Lake has actually decreased in capacity over time. And I suspect that’s just the quality of the resource and what they can extract on a year-by-year basis.
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, P.J. Okay. So, raw materials first, lithium-ion phosphate second. So, when I say that the benefit of the raw materials will fall to the bottom line, look, in general, that’s a flow-through to the customer. But what we find, of course, is always supply and demand impacts. So, in the case of a tight market, more of that sticks with us. In the case of a sloppy market, if you will, that goes -- the customer takes all of that benefit. Today, we see the market is relatively tight. So we think we can maintain our margins and potentially benefit from that falling cost. In terms of is LFP battery a significant use of phosphates, what we’re seeing today, I think, is -- I think we’ve gone from 100,000 tons of purified phosphoric acid, this is China alone, moving up in a couple of years to about 400,000 tons of purified phosphoric acid. And even year-to-date, the LFP has gone up to 670,000. And we expect 2022 will be 1 million tons total. So, what we’re seeing is an extremely quick increase in consumption, which we think, over time, definitely will have an impact on the supply and demand balance for the product. It is a big industrial use for phosphates.
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Look, first of all, I can’t comment on anyone other than Mosaic, obviously. And I also don’t know the differences in selling strategies or rev rec and all that, so making any kind of comparison. What I will say is what we saw in North America in the third quarter was a pretty good slowdown. What we did also see, though, was a reduction of imports. I mean imports year-to-date are probably down by 50% or close to 1 million tons. I suspect we had a pretty good uptake of our summer fill program or considering how the markets played out, we had a pretty good uptake of our summer fill program. So we think our customers came to the table and again, saw good value and saw that they were willing to price. And that was a good thing. So, we rev reced what we think was reasonable considering the market. In terms of going forward, again, there’s just a high level of uncertainty of where that market is going to be. And I would argue that that pertains both to Canpotex and to the North American market. In the North American market, we expect a decent fall season. If we do better than that, hey, all the better. But the expectation is a decent or normal fall season, and that’s exactly what we’re seeing. We expect to see the inventory work its way down throughout the season, which is good. I think Jenny said earlier, we’re down to 50% of our in-market inventory. So, that’s been run down significantly to a normal level for middle of November. So, we’re seeing a very normal sort of play out, and that is what we would expect. Now we had a summer fill program. It -- we didn’t discount or anything. So I think that just says the fundamentals are there, and people are ready to buy.
Joc O’Rourke: Okay. Okay. That’s a brain full. Let me try and hit these one at a time. First of all, phosphate production, I guess, we have, over the last couple of years, up and down a little bit on phosphate production. Some of that, obviously, is from time to time, reliability; from time to time moving in different areas of mining, et cetera, which will happen. But the other piece is the market started moving pretty slow, and we ran into where our sales out of production haven’t really been up to where we might have loved them. And as such, you got to match your production to your sales. We’ve had a situation, particularly if you look at single super phosphate, SSP, where we’re actually pretty loaded up on our inventory. And so, continuing to run against a full inventory doesn’t make a whole lot of sense, so. And from a cost perspective, that hurts your unit cost. So, there’s a couple of things in play there. In terms of our -- when I was talking about margin, I just want to highlight we take positions. And normally, we try and keep our positions fairly balanced, but you tend to take a position as much as a couple of months ahead of when you sell. So, if you are in a declining market and you buy in July and you sell in September, you tend to take that price risk for those two months. If the prices are going up, you have extraordinary -- or you have gains in that positioning. And if it’s -- if the prices are going down, you have losses in that positioning. So, if we look at Brazil right now, you are seeing that. We had very good margins in quarter two that reversed to some extent in quarter three. Although as I said in the earlier comments, the margins are still looking pretty strong. And I think I would credit that with our product management teams not only globally, but in Brazil, specifically, who are able to understand the market dynamic, decide how far ahead or how late they want to address the pricing and how much inventory they’re holding. So, I mean, there’s a great art to that as a production company. However, there’s limitations on how much of that you can really do. So, I think that answers most of what you asked there, Andrew.
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. So, as you aptly mentioned, I can’t and won’t contemplate either my competitor or partner or whatever and what their plans are. I think you have to ask their new CEO. However, let me say how we view the market. Like I said, we see next year that that 8 million tons won’t come back, yes. I’m sure ICL will try and push out what they can. I’m sure EuroChem seems to be reasonably effective in getting to market. I will say that Uralkali seems to be not as active in the market this year as previous, and there’s been a couple of rumors and whatnot about why. But I can’t tell you that. That would be, again, a question for them. What -- and the Belarusians, as long as they can get product through the Lithuanian ports, they’re going to be restricted to either a long-rail haul to St. Petersburg, assuming they can get port capacity there or a long and complicated rail haul to China, which they have done relatively successfully. I think they’ve probably been able to move 1.5 million-ish tons to China through that rail link, so. But with all of that together, we see a supply side -- even with extra tons from Canpotex, we see a supply side of -- in the range of 64 million tons. And from our perspective, if -- the market will have to find a way to be at that 64 million tons. So in other words, we think there’s good need -- or there’s need for all the Colonsay tons next year. What happens beyond that? Who knows? Again, I will emphasize with Colonsay, it cost us virtually a couple of months’ production to restart it. So, we’re making a good margin at Colonsay right now, and the downside risk of restarting it was virtually zero, and the upside opportunity was large. So, to us, that’s a perfect value-adding decision.
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you. Well, to conclude our call, I would like to emphasize the strength of Mosaic’s financial performance. We delivered excellent results, and our outlook remains strong. Global agricultural market conditions remain constructive, and tight supply of grain and oilseeds is very likely to continue for the foreseeable future. As a result, fertilizer demand remains strong and supply constraints persist. We’re using this opportunity to return significant capital to shareholders to invest in our business and to strengthen our balance sheet. Mosaic is in an excellent position to continue to benefit from compelling business conditions throughout 2023 and beyond. Thank you for joining the call. Have a good and safe day, and go out and vote. Thank you.
Andrew Wong: So, I just had actually a few questions on Fertilizantes. I find it a little bit difficult sometimes for us to get some good visibility there. In phosphate production, it looks like it’s kind of trended a little bit lower in the past few quarters now. Can you maybe shed some light on what’s going on there and what your expectations are on production going forward? And then on gross margins going into Q4, if I’m understanding the commentary correctly, it sounds like it will still be relatively quite high, but maybe sequentially down into Q3 even if you include the wholesale margins? Is that correct? And then just the last one is on...
Andrew Wong: Well, just wondering like margins going into Q4, the commentary sounded like it will still be very strong historically, but maybe down sequentially versus Q3. It sounds like there’s some pressure on distribution. And then just wondering if you include the wholesale sales, which are typically higher margin, would the margins still be down sequentially? And then just on costs -- yes.
Andrew Wong: Sure. And just like what you expect going forward, like should these costs this year that we’re seeing in Fertilizantes, is that what we should expect going forward? Thanks.
