Joc O'Rourke: Good morning. Thank you for joining our third quarter 2023 earnings call. Before we get to the normal part of our call, I'd like to take a moment to discuss the next step forward for our company. Last month, we announced that I plan to retire at the end of the year. It has been an honor to work at this outstanding organization and lead this incredibly talented team. We've accomplished a tremendous amount over the last eight years. But one of the areas I take most pride in is our focus on identifying talent and developing the next generation of leaders.  As a result of those efforts, mosaics Board of Directors appointed James O'Rourke, President and selected him to be Mosaic's next CEO starting on January 1, 2024. Bruce is a Mosaic veteran who's been with the company for 24 years and led several functions across our business, including most recently as Senior Vice President of North America. As a member of Mosaic senior leadership team for the last eight years, he's played a major role in establishing our current strategic priorities.  The board takes succession seriously, and has been planning for my retirement for some time. Bruce's selection follows an exhaustive evaluation of both internal and external candidates. Bruce's broad experience strategic mindset and leadership throughout the organization make him the ideal person to lead Mosaic into the future. Please join me in congratulating Bruce.
Joc O'Rourke: Yes, last week, the Department of Commerce raised duties on Russian product but it lowered duties on Moroccan supply. The Department of Commerce reviews are done on a yearly basis and are based on their assessment of foreign subsidies.  While we welcome fair competition, we expect to compete on a level playing field. Unfair foreign government subsidies disturb that dynamic, so we will continue to seek remedies when foreign players use aggressive marketing based on unfair subsidies that cause harm to our industry.  In today's market, trade flows may shift as a result of these adjustments. But as we saw over the last two years, global supply and demand is unaffected. Pricing continues strong due to high demand and decreased supply particularly from China. In a tight market suppliers will seek out the highest return for their product and as such, U.S. consumers will need to meet global pricing to ensure sufficient supply for their needs.
Joc O'Rourke: In 2022, we like others in the Brazil agricultural industry, we're carrying inventory to support the expected demand. When that demand slowed in the second half of the year, we were left with higher priced inventory. But unlike others in Brazil, who are reliant on third party distributors and retailers, they have limited ability to directly restock their inventory. We on the other hand, were able to effectively deal with the destocking in the first half of the year. And by the third quarter prices had stabilized and the distribution margins had returned back to our expected range of 30 to $40 per ton. And as I mentioned, with 90% of our product committed and priced in the fourth quarter, we expect margins to increase further to $40 to $50 per tonne.  Now, there is always some positional risk in a distribution business. However, I believe we have managed through this volatile market as effectively as possible, which really sets us apart from other ag input companies and emphasizes the value of the integration of our production and distribution businesses.
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you. As you've seen from the slides we published last night there's a clear relationship between under Application of phosphate and potash and below trend yields. Now farmers and retailers are recognizing this and demand is rebounding. As we've said in the past demand returns volumes move and prices follow. We saw this pattern play out this year with global volumes returning.  Jenny, can you walk us through the volume rebounds and why we expect a higher potash volume in 2024.
Joc O'Rourke: Thanks, Jenny. So Jenny has given a view of the demand side. From a supply side we're modeling a recovery in Belarus from 70% to about 80% of presanctioned shipments. We're expecting Uralkali to recover to prewar levels and modest growth from EuroChem's [Indiscernible]. In Laos, we also expect to see some modest growth. So overall, if any of these fall short, we will see lower shipments not because of a demand problem, but because there is not enough supply.
Joc O'Rourke: Thanks, Steve. Yeah, so in Brazil, one of the benefits of the integration of course is we can move our own production through our distribution system. And while we sell a good chunk of it as a B2B business to other players in the market about 20% is not a bad number to estimate of what goes through our own system. That product we transfer at market price, so we try to keep this clean base between the two as possible.  That said, now we would expect under general market conditions that your margins for the production business would be better than distribution, or at least they would be for products such as TSP, or DAP. As you say, our probably our least profitable product that we make down there would be the SSP for good reason. And so we're constantly looking at how we make that product mix better, how we make it more profitable. And we can't ignore dicalcium phosphate or animal feed as well in there. So which is again, one of our highest return products. So that whole area of mix we're looking at, we've got a strong plan down there to reduce costs, but also to optimize production rates.  So all of that is in works. And all of that will be something that Bruce and with Karen Swager and her team will be working hard to accomplish.
Joc O'Rourke: Yeah, thanks, Richard. And let me follow that with also a little bit of a discussion on how we look at Colonsay. For the first part of the question, I think, yes, we would expect the same sort of level next year, maybe a slight uptick because of increasing demand. But we're looking at somewhere in that same range of production, like say maybe a couple 100,000 tonnes higher depending on Campotex in particular.  But in terms of the strategy for it, over the last few years, Colonsay has been our swing plant. And, we've been able to ramp it up and down efficiently giving us the ability to run our lower cost Esterhazy and Belle Plaine at full rates while being able to flex production to meet demand. So as we look forward to next year, that is really going to be the question. What is demand going to look like, and we certainly have the ability to go either up or down from the approximately as you say 8.9, which is about where we think we'll spend and this year if you include Kaymak [ph].  So we always prioritize Esterhazy and Belle Plaine and we focus that on the North American granular grade market where we see our best netbacks. And then our next focus is meeting the international sales program of Campotex. This year strong North Americans demand coupled with lower enforcement, we needed Colonsay, both to offset Esterhazy is turnaround and to meet that increased demand. In the fourth quarter, we're expecting strong international shipments through [Indiscernible 0:26:26] as global markets continue to rebound.  So at this stage, we expect to need Colonsay to meet that demand and replenish our granular grade inventory in preparation for the North American spring season. And then, so that would put us about probably about the same level. But as we move into the second half of 2024 and beyond Esterhazy K3 will be fully ramped up, and the addition of our hydroflow project will optimize their capacity there. And so at this stage, we'll have to reassess the longer term role for Colonsay. And as always, we're focused on running our assets in a manner that maximizes value taking into account the need for flexibility and to deal with the seasonality and market variability in our business.  So just to summarize that in terms of your original question, we expect to run in that same sort of range maybe growing with the market which is growing at about 2% or 3% a year but next year we'll grow even more. And if we need that volume or if we find good value adding sales for that kind of volumes we'll run up. And if we don't, we'll probably hold where we are today with Colonsay being the variability in that.
Joc O'Rourke: Well, I think that's exactly what I said in the prepared questions. Joel, thank you, by the way for the questions. And thank you for the comments.  Yeah, so if you look at this, we expect to see Belarus bring out about another million tonnes, we expect your Uralkali to bring out probably another million tonnes. And then EuroChem with their Volga Cali mine, which is ramping up now and recognize that it's been a pretty slow ramp up. But if we got 0.5 million to 700,000 tons between your [Indiscernible] and Volga Cali, there, you're at -- now you're at 2.7 million tonnes add another million tonnes from Laos. And you're pretty much at that gap. And that's what I was saying.  If those players -- and then probably likely up to -- maybe, and I say maybe a million tonnes for Canpotex, which would mean that that is satisfied that difference between 65 million and 70 million tonnes. So our share of Canpotex of that would be 300,000 or 400,000 tonnes. At which point we wouldn't need Cab --we wouldn't need Colonsay for 2024. Otherwise Colonsay wouldn't be needed.  But again, those are based on expectations that these other players bring up those tonnes. If it plays out different if they do better last year, I think Belarus did better than what we expected. Will they continue that ramp? We think that's unlikely, but we'll see how it plays out. So I don't think there's any inconsistency in how we're looking at it. We see tonnage being similar to what it is this year, with the exception of maybe 300,000-400,000 tonnes for Canpotex. And North America's had a very good year. I'm not sure I'll probably will continue.  And then the one thing I will say on all of it is, Canpotex has never done those levels of tonnage. And not because the mines can't supply it, but the logistics and the market haven't the market hasn't needed or the logistics haven't supported it. Last year, while the year before last, we had floods. We had rail problems, we had fires. This year, we've had port strikes, we've had failures at ports, more port strikes, it just isn't thinking that we're going to jump up by 2 million or 3 million tonnes I just don't think is realistic.  So I don't know how you put that in your model Joel, but you're going to have to try.
Joc O'Rourke: Okay, thanks, Ben. Yeah. So at this stage, we're at the, I would say early feasibility stage moving into the design phase to get to a final, let's call it a bankable feasibility to do all this. So the numbers are pretty preliminary. What we've looked at so far, though, has been for purified phosphoric acid and potentially building a powder plant, which would be the precursor to a lithium iron phosphate cathode. So at this stage, we're probably looking at 100,000 tonnes of purified phosphoric acid at our Louisiana facility. And our expectation of cost is probably in the range of $0.5 billion to build that.  Now, obviously, we have to look at the long term demand profile and what we can expect for pricing. But what we've seen so far is first phase has got a strong, higher than well over a cost of capital return. And then if we go future phases, obviously the capital per ton decreases, and that return gets better as we go forward. But we're going to do it in a modular way, by doing it in a modular way, we will reduce the long term risk, market risk, et cetera, et cetera.  And what we're seeing, though, from a qualitative perspective, is due to the expense of nickel, cobalt, et cetera, there is a strong trend towards lithium iron phosphate batteries, not only for electric vehicles, but also for stationary power. And particularly, our view is that, while electric vehicles will be the early growth engine, long term, you will need these stationary batteries to make up for the variability of both solar and wind. They don't tend to come at exactly the same time as demand. So you have to have some level of buffering.
Joc O'Rourke: I think the key takeaway there from my perspective, John, and again, thanks for the question. I think this is -- so intuitively, we've been saying for a long time that fertilization is what drives plant growth. I mean if you don't feed any organism, they don't grow. But what we haven't been able to do in the past, I guess, is really show the relationship in a clear way.  Now what we've seen here is under application and probably mining of the soil, even with both of those, we're seeing a clear relationship between the yields and particularly phosphate and potash usage. Now you see the nitrogen, which is more likely to be used in first, and you see particularly when you look at Asia, which includes India, where the over application of nitrogen actually isn't helping yields at all, whereas the under application of phosphate and potash really is hurting yields.  And if you do the math on those things, if you take phosphate and potash application into account and then you look at the yield loss, it's about a two to one price of fertilizer to yield loss. So in other words, if you're saving $10 on fertilizer, you're losing $20 on yield. So the point here is farmers are incented to properly fertilizer field, and they cannot afford to continue to mine the soil.
Joc O'Rourke: Yeah. Thanks, Vincent. I'm try to unpack that one a little bit. Yeah. So as we head into safrinha, I think the concern that's out there, if you will. And I'm not saying it's an unfounded concern is when you look at the basis for corn that we're starting to see in the market, it's not the global market price. It's the idea that the basis -- the in-country basis, the availability of transport and et cetera, to get it out of the country has been challenging, and it's probably hurt the economics of some of the farmers.  That being said, if we look at the general in-country price to the price of fertilizer and what we call the barter ratio down in Brazil, it still shows a fairly profitable corn yield and on -- sorry, corn market. So our view is that probably is early stage and probably a little overstated. It's like what we saw this year in safrinha season, where earlier projections, we were looking at -- people were looking at 40 million tonnes. Now we're looking a lot closer to 43 million tonnes of total fertilizer to Brazil, which is starting to get back to the peak of 46 million tonnes.  Historically, Brazil has grown at about 4% or 5% a year. So we expect, in general, Brazil to continue to grow both acreage and yields. So fertilizer demand has to follow that.
Joc O'Rourke: Yeah. Thanks, Jacob. Let me, first of all, say, by their own announcements, and I have had conversations that would tell me that while they will start up first phase at the end of 2026, they won't be ramped up to 4 million tonnes on their own estimates until 2030. At 2030, they would start their second phase, and that would probably ramp up similarly over five years. So in our five-year forecast, we have little or no significant production from BHP.  As we look out 10-ish years, which is what we're talking about here, if we see the market growing at the rate from -- as I said to Joe, and maybe the point here is growing from the 72 million tonnes, we were pre war, not from the 65 million tonnes. But if we see the market growing at that 2% a year, that's 1 million-plus tonnes a year.  So in 10 years, you could easily be in a position where that could be absorbed reasonably. How it will work from a trade flow perspective is absolutely yet to be seen. We assume that they would go into the North American market. But the best analogy probably is the [indiscernible] mine [ph], where for all the worry about the disruption. There's really came on and it came on slowly. They focused on the export market, and it really was absorbed in quite reasonably.  So who knows what it will do, I guess, if it comes on faster that could change people's strategies. But for now, I think I would say is hold the course and I don't see it as a big threat for a long time.
Joc O'Rourke: Okay. Thank you. Yeah. So we are expecting growth in the range of 2 million to 3 million tonnes next year as the market continues to recover, there will be some recovery by us and probably our Moroccan competitor will have some increased production. We expect a small increase again from China's exports, not back to where they were, but about flat to where they were last year -- or this year, sorry.  In all cases, the demand, like I say, will be met by all of those. And then some of the Middle East producers will also be ramping up and PhosAgro, I think, has a small ramp-up that they're looking at. So it will be met. But what we see there is probably a phosphate market that continues to be tight and maybe even tightening a bit next year. So it actually looks pretty good from a perspective of our future.
Joc O'Rourke: Thanks, Adam. You make great points there. Let me start by saying, Canpotex has greatly improved their logistics capabilities through rail infrastructure improvements in our facility in Vancouver, our facility in Portland has been expanded. We have maximized or optimized our use -- their use, I'd say there because it's -- it is an independent entity, their use of the, I would say, John's port and the use of Thunder Bay. So we are sending as Canpotex significant volumes, both to the East Coast and the West Coast, and that allows us to deal with things like the port strikes and whatnot. My only point there is there is a limit to what you can move and how fast you can grow. We've probably grown Canpotex over the years from, let's say, 10 million, 10.5 million tonnes to 13 million to 14 million tonnes. So if you look at it from that perspective, Canpotex has actually done a pretty darn good job.  And I can tell you that under the leadership of Ken Seitz and continued under the leadership of Gord McKenzie, Canpotex has taken some real strides to solidify their markets, to improve their logistic capability. My point there is not to say that we haven't been doing a lot on that end. It's to say that we can't ignore those as real limitations to how fast you can possibly grow and how fast you can respond to step changes or disruptions in the international market.  And then finally, of course, you're relying on Canadian National and Canadian Pacific Railways, who from time to time have issues as well.
Joc O'Rourke: Yeah. Okay, Aron, thank you. Look, as we look forward on this, if we are back at the 70 million tonnes, which we expect the demand to be, there will be room for the Russians. The Russians will continue to export across the years by rail, Belarus will continue to export by rail into China. The seaborne product will have to continue because China is actually buying record amounts of potash as they need for their growth of their markets. So I've always said and even our Chinese customers fully agree that the Chinese customers need Canpotex and Canpotex needs are Chinese customers.  So it is one of those situations where, yes, there's always tension as you try to build -- get to the final contract, and it matters what the level of inventory sitting on the ground is in China, what their demand is at the time. And there's always a holdout to the last possible moment. But in the end, you come up with a contract, which is as close as we can to the market. And that's a -- they're very informed buyers and our Canpotex marketers are very informed marketers. So you normally come up with a pretty good balance. In terms of whether we can repeat the $307 contract really depends on how things look as you move into 2024. The relevance of the seaborne trade is lower today than it was before because of these rail imports and because of the Qinghai Lake production, which is taking up a good chunk of their production. But the point I make there is the issue will not be Russian's new production coming on or anything like that. It will be how does the global market look? What is the price comparators for Brazil, for Indonesia, Malaysia, China possibly? And again, what's their inventory position and when are they ready to come to the table.  So it's pretty early days, but that market will always have a fairly complicated dynamic.
Joc O'Rourke: Yeah. Thanks, Jeff. I think the simple thing there is we don't know where exactly that is coming from. Is that product that's been built up at a port waiting to go out? I think you can't look at three months, particularly three months of summer and compare to whole year. We know that those ports have issues in the winter with respect to freezing and unavailability, et cetera, et cetera. So as we look at -- whether we look at Belarus, Belaruskali or whether we look at the Russian producers, their seasonal shipments are never as high as their summer shipments.  So our expectation is that's what they'll do. And again, not unlike Canada, it gets pretty darn cold in the winter around that area. And shipping by rail, that kind of distance, it can be pretty challenging. You're going to get all kinds of issues. And so our expectation is, yes, they may be able to do it in the summer, but we would discount that or at least risk adjust that for the winter months.
Joc O'Rourke: Okay. So to conclude our call, before I reiterate our key messages, let me just say, I've dealt with many of you now for 15 years. It has been a pleasure I was hoping you'd be a little easier on me on my last day, but you clearly weren't going to do that. So I thank you for your honesty anyway.  In terms of Mosaic and the business as it goes forward. I continue to believe that we are a well-positioned company at a great time in a great market. And I think Bruce and team will do very well going forward. But let me just conclude at least this quarter. The ag fundamentals continue to be compelling. Growing demand for grains and oilseeds just bodes really well for the future. Farmers around the world continue to have the incentive to maximize production. And that, in turn, leads to strong fertilizer demand. And we expect tight supply and demand dynamics for both of our products for the foreseeable future.  Now Mosaic as a company is in excellent position to benefit from these market dynamics. Our balance sheet is strong, we're investing in the business and returning capital to shareholders.  And with that, I'm going to sign off, pass the baton to Bruce and wish them the best in the future and for their earnings calls. Thank you all very much.
