James O'Rourke: Thank you, Rich. Over the past several years, we have experienced a wide array of challenges from the external environments. Agriculture specifically, and commodities in general, are currently facing headwinds from several sources. Mosaic's growth story is driven by the execution of our strategy and reaping the benefits of investments we've made and continue to make. We believe it is a compelling growth story. At Mosaic, we have worked to optimize our business portfolio, reduce our cost, invested in additional capacity the market will demand, and returned significant capital to shareholders. We have also maintained a strong balance sheet that gives us the ability to take advantage of compelling opportunities that arise at the low part of the cycle. We understand that success in this business requires an operating foundation that will not crack when times are tough, but Mosaic is not just resilient. The moves we have made over the past decade and increasingly during the last two years, have also constructed a powerful engine for growth. Mosaic is in a great position. We believe we have the strongest combination of talent, assets, financial strength, and global reach in our industry. We intend to use that strength to our advantage, now, and as business and economic conditions improve. We intend to maintain our discipline, build on our leadership and continue to execute at the highest level possible. In my three months as Mosaic's CEO, I've traveled to meet with a wide range of our stakeholders, customers, shareholders, employees and others in our industry. I've heard a lot of concern about the current markets and the short-term. But I'll say this, I've also seen and heard a lot of reasons to be optimistic, for the industry, and especially for Mosaic. The short-term situation is not as nearly as dire as market sentiment seems to expect and the long-term remains extremely compelling. Demand for our product will continue to grow and we're managing this company to meet that demand efficiently. And don't forget, Mosaic has many advantages, from our industry-leading premium products portfolio to the earnings leverage our recent strategic moves will provide in better markets, the CF and ADM acquisitions, the Ma'aden joint venture, the decisions we made to exit higher cost businesses and the capital we've returned to shareholders, all provide real opportunities to grow our bottom line. From my perspective we're executing very well and our future looks great. Now we would be happy to take your questions.
James O'Rourke: Thank you, Andrew. I'm going to start by making a couple of comments, and then I'm going to hand it over to Rick McLellan to talk. But let me talk first about market share. I wouldn't say that Mosaic gets too focused on market share. What we focus on is serving our customers well and optimizing the value from the tonnes that we sell. So I don't like to be characterized as either pushing for market share or pushing for price. I think they're interchangeable in many respects, and you're really pushing for value. What we have done, as you've seen, is we've looked at what the market needs from our perspective and we've aligned our production to that level. In the short term, that's things like the shutdown of Colonsay for a temporary shutdown. In the long term, it's the permanent moves we've made such as curtailing production of MOP at Carlsbad and selling our Hersey operations. So we've really positioned from a perspective of developing a long-term view of where the market is going to go and serving that market well. In terms of where we sit next year, I'm just going to leave that for Rick for a second.
James O'Rourke: Okay. So first of all, we do not use a consignment – sorry. Thanks, Ben. Good to hear you. We don't use a consignment process. What we use is what we call FPD, which is future price deferred. So what we're doing to allow for the efficient logistics, we use customer space for our best customers, we ship to them and then decide on price when the product is actually getting used. Others may use other strategies, and I really wouldn't talk to their strategies. I believe our strategy is a good balance between making the product available in the market to give us the time-place utility that we need to be efficient while still giving us good economic results. I'll ask Rick to go further.
James O'Rourke: Again, this will be another one I'm going to put over to – sorry, hi, Joel, good to hear you. I'll put this back to Rick as well. I think there's a couple things I want to point out before I give it to Rick though, and the first is we saw this in the first half of the year where in the slower part, first quarter it appeared that our market share was behind. And I think that's got something to do with how we revenue rec as opposed to our competitors. And then, in the second quarter what we found is that that was basically made up. We expect we'll see similar things in this year, so in the second half of the year. So ultimately, I don't think it's quite legitimate to look at quarter-by-quarter market shares. I think they vary, and again, we've got long term plans with our customers. And as long we're meeting those long-term plans with our customers, we expect that we'll do fine. And I guess the other aspect is where are those imports would be the other aspect of market that we have to look at. And frankly, the imports are playing a bit of a disruptive role, and we'll have to look at how we manage that in the next year. We'll be pushing that out.
James O'Rourke: And can I ask Mike Rahm just to give us a view on where the 2016 mark is going for potash? I think that's also important here.
James O'Rourke: Thank you, Jacob. Okay. I'm going to hand over the details of the Esterhazy skip to Walt Precourt, who's on the call here today. But before I do, again, I'll say, as Rich said in his comments, this is a – we had a failure of a skip in – a mechanical failure of the skip at Esterhazy's K1. We have accelerated some maintenance work, and we were looking at lower production rates to make sure our inventories were in line anyway. So we don't see any impact to speak of either in this quarter or in the first quarter of next year. So that's the first point. In terms of K3 spend, I just want to say today we are pushing K3 at the reasonable safe rate we can. You have to realize, we're sinking shaft and you only have approximately 20 feet of working area, 20 feet of diameter, and we're sinking that shaft. So there's very little opportunity to accelerate at this stage beyond that. But once we get into K3, we'll certainly be accelerating the development. So with that, I'm going to ask Walt to just talk a little bit more about the skip mechanical failure.
James O'Rourke: Yeah. I'm just going to hand that straight to Mike Rahm to talk about the markets, and then Rick to add color.
James O'Rourke: I'm going to hand that over to Mike right away, but I'm going to first just say that, look, we see technical advances like variable rate application and precision agriculture as ultimately a very good thing. We believe the demand for our fertilizer in the plant is all about – if you get too technical, about the sociometric needs of the plant and the fertility of the soil. So if we can have that fertility of the soil be more exact, then we believe overall, it will neither hurt nor help our overall consumption but will ensure the best productivity for the farmer.
James O'Rourke: So I'm going to hand it to Mike in a second, but on the price elasticity, I think we've probably been a bit surprised that there is more elasticity than we might have expected. And in terms of price, I think it's a little early to come up with an exact price for next year. But I would say, first of all, the potash oversupply concerns, I believe are a bit overblown. I mean, this year, we started with high inventory. As the shipments go up next year, we start with a little lower inventory. I believe that market is going to be a lot better balanced and I don't believe the downward pressure people are talking about will really be there. So I'm going to let Mike give a little more of the detail of that and how we came up with our forecast. But I think it is a good story.
James O'Rourke: Sure. Look, our capital philosophy, Yonah, has not changed in the last year. We're certainly looking first at making sure we maintain a reasonable liquidity buffer, that we keep our credit rating in really good shape, that we meet our debt ratios that we have set, the 1.5 times to 2 times EBITDA to debt. So none of that has changed. And as we've probably said, at the bottom of cycles, that really opens up, let's say, more opportunities. There's more things out there that look like they might be well-priced for the people who have the balance sheet to take advantage of it. But as Rich said in his comments, I would emphasize that when we trade – when our stock is trading low like this, our bar becomes even higher because we have to measure any expenditure against the benefit of buying back our own shares. So we've been very disciplined about that, and we will continue to be very disciplined about it. But if there is a great opportunity for our shareholders, we're going to explore it carefully. And if it makes sense and adds value long term, we will certainly be looking at that. In terms of specifics, we don't like to talk about specifics. But be known that the general philosophy has not changed, the discipline has not changed, but our opportunities may be higher.
James O'Rourke: Okay, Dan. I'm going to hand this over to Mike pretty quick. But I'll say, look, we live in a competitive market. And from time to time, if the competition is higher, those – if you call it a premium, they're all about, again, time-place, utility, cost to serve that market. And so, from time-to- time, that premium, as you call it, will change based on free market dynamics. I think the structural reasons for a higher price in North America, being it's a granular market, being that there is some logistics challenges to get into the mid-U.S., justify the difference in price. But that won't always be there day-to-day. And so with that, I'm going to hand it to Mike to give some...
James O'Rourke: And, Rick, can I just add one thing? If you look at grain prices in China, I mean, the government supports them at extraordinarily high levels. There had been a lot of, I think, focus on their September 18 announcement that they were going to reduce the corn support price by 10%. They've reduced it to RMB 2,000 per metric tonne. That's the equivalent of about $8.70 per bushel. So their support price is still more than double what current prices are. So in terms of a 13% VAT, while it certainly increases the pain for the Chinese farmers to buy phosphate and other fertilizers, the farm economics there are very good, and we really don't see that denting demand all that much.
James O'Rourke: Okay. So, thank you, Jonas, and again, thank you for the comment. But just before I do this, I think this will be probably our – either our last or second to last question as we get to the end of the hour but – so Colonsay, look, what we will be looking at is I have to take a step back. We have a very comprehensive process for doing what we call integrated business planning. And that integrated business planning looks at our production capabilities, it looks at where we make the product, what product we're making, so it's done on a site-by-site basis for production. It's done on a product-by-product basis for production. We also look at the markets that we're serving and how those look on the quarter all the way out to multi-year. So with both of those – and then you have the logistics in between but that very comprehensive process we take a look at how we're going to add the next – the most value over the next period of time. Now clearly, if the market requires it and we see it as adding real value to our shareholders, we will add production. But as Rick said earlier today on one of the earlier questions, there is very little value in selling into a market when there's no demand. And in the third quarter, it's just refilling, it's just getting ready for the fall application season. So what we find in general is if you try and stuff product into that market, all you do is destroy price and value. So we would rather wait until there really is the demand out there.
James O'Rourke: So, I think it's probably – as we are at the hour, it's time for a wrap up. And all I'm going to say in the wrap up is, look, we see the future long-term as extremely bright. We do believe in the food story. We believe in the secular long-term trend of higher population, greater wealth around the world leading to higher demand for food which leads to higher demand for our product. And with that, I think Mosaic is extremely well-positioned to take advantage of that, and we will continue to focus on operational excellence, on delivering to our customers, and making sure we execute against our strategy. So thank you very much for listening, and we'll hear from you again in a quarter. Thanks.
Richard N. McLellan: Okay. Thanks, Joc. As we look at our planning, we don't just look at the quarters. We look forward at least 18 months, and Joc's done a good job of describing what we do with our customer base, both globally and in North America, and we plan our production to meet their needs. And we do several things to make sure that – there's a lot of times where people try and shoot ducks when there's none flying or sell into a vacuum. We take the point of we'd rather match up when people are buying to when we're producing, and we've done that so far this year. And as we look forward for 2016, everything we're doing today is on a look of being sure that we can provide our customers the products when they need it and produce it to optimize our returns.
Richard N. McLellan: Yeah. Good morning, Ben. I think part of the question you asked was on MOUs with customers. And I just – I'll spend a couple of minutes there and then I'll go back and add a couple of points to where Joc – Joc's points. Right now, we have three-year planning agreements with our top customers. Those aren't contracts, but they are agreements and we build in incentives against those agreements, we build in the portfolio of products we offer. So rather than have formalized MOUs, we have three-year planning agreements with most of our main customers. We think that better reflects a way for us to go to market. The second piece is – and Joc talked about, you asked whether it put us at a competitive disadvantage versus other programs like price protection that are being offered out there. Frankly, with the customers we work with, what we recognize in a quarter is what we've revenue recognized, not what we've shipped and billed at provisional prices. And we think that's a much better way for us to operate a business and our customers to make sure they take advantage of the use of their space.
Richard N. McLellan: And Joel, I think Joc's done a good job of it. You need to separate revenue recognized sales from shipments. And that's where things will get corrected in the fourth quarter.
Richard N. McLellan: The only thing I would add is that this technology, the variable rate technology has been around for a while. And frankly, it has been helpful to getting the right nutrients in the right place for the growing crop. And we see, as the adoption rates get higher going forward, that being very positive for both P and K application rates overall across North America.
Richard N. McLellan: Yeah. Good morning, Neel. If you are asking about the Indian and Chinese contracts, frankly it's a bit too early to talk about those, but we do see good demand. If you look overall, we've seen increased demand or solid demand, 14 million tonnes in China for product. So the product that is being shipped is going to the ground. And indications on the impact of VAT have been frankly de minimis from what we've been able to pick up. They have to work through inventory. There was a transitional VAT cost for inventory. And so, overall, we think it'll take a little bit of time to work through. But where potash is priced versus other nutrients, there's high inclusion rates on – in NPKs for potash.
Michael Rahm - VP: Sure. Yeah. We're projecting a point estimate of about 62 million tonnes, and that's up roughly 3 million tonnes from our 59.1 million point estimate. And I guess I would characterize the growth as not getting a grand slam from anyone, but just very consistent singles from all of the major buyers. I think we've laid out in terms of the big five importers, China, India, Malaysia, Indonesia and Brazil, we expect moderate increases in all of those. And I think that really has tied into our view of Ag commodity prices. We see a very balanced global agricultural outlook. We think acreage and the technology applied to crops will need to continue to increase and underpin decent demand prospects.
Michael Rahm - VP: In terms of fourth quarter shipments in North America, I think we've been pleasantly surprised and pleased with the anecdotal reports that we're getting in from the field that the fall application season has met or exceeded expectations. And obviously, that's not a shocker in the sense that we've had a great crop come off, so lots of nutrients have been removed. We've had a fairly long open application window to get fertilizer down. So we think a fair number of tonnes of P and K are going down this fall. Then I guess while you're talking about phosphate, I think what's really important on the potash side of things, we think we're working down the increase in channel inventories that we saw last year. Shifting to 2016, you've seen our projections. For phosphate, we expect that shipments will increase from about 65.5 million tonnes this year to a range of 66 million tonnes to 68 million tonnes and our point estimate is right smack dab in the middle of that at 66.9 million tonnes. And in terms of some of the markets, yeah, we do expect a decent rebound, particularly in those markets that saw a little bit of a channel build last year, Brazil. We see continued growth in India. We think over the past several years, their channel has been pulled down to very low levels, and we're talking about the channel primarily at the small retail shop, the tens of thousands of shops across India that have 30, 40 bags in the back storage room. So we think that has been drawn down, and they're going to buy the amount that they actually use as opposed to rely on inventory. And I guess similar to the comment we made earlier, I think we see lots of singles in 2016 as opposed to a grand slam or strikeouts in some of these markets. And as a consequence, the growth that we're projecting is made up of moderate increases in most of the main markets.
Michael Rahm - VP: Sure. Just – let me just start by talking about China. Joc mentioned those numbers, and I think those are from July or August. I took a look at numbers this morning. When you look at year-to-date exports from China, they're up 3.3 million tonnes, and we think for the year, China will probably export somewhere in that 9.5 million to 10 million tonne mark. And while that's a big increase, as Joc mentioned, the market really is requiring that. And in particular, if you look at India and their increase in DAP imports, those have increased 3.1 million tonnes during the same period, so – and particularly, if you look at China's phosphate exports and look at just the DAP component, DAP exports have increased 2.7 million tonnes, Indian DAP imports have increased 3.1 million tonnes. So there is a draw coming from India that China is meeting. The other thing I think that we've said before is that on the demand side, we see very steady growth in phosphate demand. And on the supply side, there are really some very interesting dynamics taking place. While China has increased their exports, if you look at other major producers, there have been some real significant declines in supply. So, in North America, we've had two facilities close down, so we've had the full impact of the closure of Mississippi Phosphates this year, so another 700,000 tonnes lost there. We've had the – a full-year impact of the White Springs plant closing. And then if you look around the world, there have been outages or hiccups in many different countries, whether it's Tunisia with some of the political unrest there that has disrupted production, whether it's in – just some hiccups in places like Jordan, South Africa, Senegal, Mexico, you name it. There have been supply disruptions. And then, in terms of the bigger players like Ma'aden, Ma'aden I, continues to ramp up. It still hasn't reached full capacity. So it's sort of leveled off at two-thirds of capacity, if you will. And the Moroccans are bringing on capacity but at a much slower rate than expected. Whether that's planned or unplanned, who knows. But the bottom line is, their first hub just started up a few months ago. And as we understand, the granulation plant is not running there yet. And secondly, if you look at some of the other hubs, they're not scheduled to come on for several months or even years. And I think all of that is evident when you look at margins. In this business, we're focused on what we call the stripping margin. And the difference between the price of DAP and the price of sulfur and ammonia in a tonne of DAP – and if you look at that, margins in the fourth quarter, and if you calculate them based on current spot prices that are published, they're up about $40 from a year ago. And if you look at margins throughout calendar year 2015, they have been incredibly constant at between about $265 and $275 per tonne. So I think the best proof in terms of the positive or constructive phosphate fundamentals is in what stripping margins have done and they've reflected the stronger fundamentals in phosphate.
Michael Rahm - VP: And in terms of the underlying price assumptions there, Don, I think we're beginning to see some stabilization in potash prices. They have come down a great deal, and our expectation is that they will stabilize. And I guess how they play out in 2016 will depend on a lot of factors, I think the most important of which is agricultural commodity prices. And I guess the reason why we see prices stabilizing here is that we are working through those large channel inventories from last year. As you see in the numbers, gosh, we had a 9 million tonne increase in shipments. And I think, you're probably familiar with all the reasons for that, but when you go back and take a look at what was happening in 2014, we ended 2013 with virtually an empty pipeline, given the announcement on July 30, 2013. Everyone was waiting for prices to move where advertised. And eventually, people stopped buying, and the pipeline was pulled down. Then we got into 2014 with all of the weather and shipment concerns in North America. Prices began to increase, and everyone jumped back into the market. Net result, big increase in channel inventories, especially in North America, Brazil, and even Indonesia and Malaysia. We're working through those right now. So, I think we'll start 2016 with the pipeline in much better shape than certainly a year ago. And then in addition to that, I think – we've been saying what has really pressured potash prices this year are two factors: one, being the channel inventories; the second, being the collapse of key potash currencies. And hopefully in 2016, we'll see a little bit greater stability on the macroeconomic front, and we think that will be constructive. And then, if these forecasts are on target, we should see about a 3 million tonne rebound, we think, in shipments. Put that all together, and I think it points to a situation where prices begin to stabilize a bit and we see a very balanced situation between what's required to ship and the actual demand out there.
Michael Rahm - VP: And I think – Hi, P.J. or P.J.'s substitute here. I think we've said in the past, I mean, the fair comparison is looking at the blend grade price delivered to the U.S. Gulf as well as Brazil. And if you look at current spot prices, you're exactly right that that differential has more or less dissipated. In particular, if you look at a NOLA barge price of $270 per short tonne versus a Brazil C&F price of roughly $290. For the Russian or Belarusian supplier, Brazil actually gives them a little bit better netback. So, I would say that, yes, we've seen some adjustments in that – in prices to sort of turn off the beacon in terms of attracting tonnes to North America. And I think that's certainly evident in terms of our price – our import forecast. If you look at the 2014-2015 fertilizer year, the U.S. imported about 1.7 million metric tonnes of MOP from offshore sources. And not only Russians, but every potash producer around the globe seemed to place a few tonnes in the U.S. We think that's going to drop about 600,000 tonnes to 1.1 million, 1.0 million tonnes this year. And one of the main reasons for that is the dissipation of that differential. And if you look at the numbers for the first three months of our fertilizer year, namely the third calendar quarter, imports are down about 150,000 tonnes from last year. So we're on a pace to reduce imports from offshore sources by the amount that we have. And then, again, if global shipments increase 3 million tonnes, there's going to be kind of a natural pull of some of these tonnes that have come into North America into other markets that are better markets for them. And then your second question in terms of long-term Chinese exports: obviously, we've seen a big surge this year, driven largely by the rebound in Indian demand as well as the supply problems that we talked about earlier. I think longer term, we expect that those are not going to be in that 10 million tonne range, but probably something closer to 6 million, 7 million tonnes. We think there will be structural adjustments that take place in the Chinese phosphate industry. Chinese producers are very heterogeneous in the sense that there are some very efficient low-cost players, there are some medium-cost players, and there are some high-cost players. So we think that they will see some restructuring, and that longer term 10 million tonnes is not the number.
