James T. Prokopanko: No, we haven't changed our thinking on the outlook for potash going forward. The 54 million, 56 million range still holds.
James T. Prokopanko: Jacob, I'm going to ask Rick McLellan, our leader of our commercial operations, to address those questions -- that question.
James T. Prokopanko: I'm glad you've taken notice of the operational excellence programs momentum project in Potash business and ROICworks! This is something we've been driving for, for the last 18 months. And we are seeing some real transformational change in just the nature of our operations, the reliability, the safety, the productivity of our facilities. And this is now turning into some direct bottom line impact. I'm going to have Larry add some precision to that last part of that question.
James T. Prokopanko: That's one we didn't answer that Jeff asked -- that Mark asked just before you. So Rick McLellan will address that.
James T. Prokopanko: Elaine, I'll have Rick answer the first question about the Potash ranges, and then I'll just address the -- your question about demand.
James T. Prokopanko: Elaine, on that question about demand, the 54 million to 56 million, and you're right to notice that. It's -- what Rick was saying is the pipeline has been -- we anticipate the pipeline in North America will be largely empty at the end of May. And what we are seeing in our quarter, March, April, May, our fourth quarter, is March was soft, although picked up in the end of this month, seeing noticeable tick-up. And April and May will be very strong, but there is a great sense of risk avoidance by the dealers in North America, and I think that plays out around the world. Dealers don't want to have any excess inventory or take excess price risk on inventories in a world where there's still some uncertainty about what's happening to grain and oilseed prices. So the nature of the supply chain has just become much more cautionary. That doesn't mean that there's going to be any less use by farmers. We see the farm economics to be very, very strong. In most every crop around the world, farmers are still getting the market signals that they have to produce maximum crops. And we anticipate that the farmers will buy, and that will bring it through the system. And we just have to be on our game, and we are. We're well positioned. We have stocks and inventory and positioned ready for when the dealers come to the market.
James T. Prokopanko: Jim Prokopanko. The question about the curtailment, and yes, we are -- we've balanced our production to match demand. And when we see a movement into the country and looking for replenishment of those warehouse stocks, we're prepared to bring up our Potash operations to match that. It doesn't take much for us to get the Potash operations back up to full production from a full stop. It's no more than 10 days to 14 days to get into operation. So as soon as we get the signals that they're strong, robust, draw of a product, we will be -- we'll be supplying.
James T. Prokopanko: I will address your last question first on the purchased rock and what our plan is, and then we'll address your Potash question. And I think Rick or Larry will be looking at some data to reference that. The purchased rock, we've always and for a long period of time have augmented our mined rock with purchases from suppliers, most typically OCP. We intend to continue to buy from OCP, and as long as they continue to sell to us, we have a great relationship with them. They're a good supplier, and we're a good customer. Investing in the Miski Mayo Mine has allowed us to reduce the need for external rock purchases. And the South Fort Meade situation, the last 1.5 years as we waited for the permitting, we've had to buy more than we typically would buy either from Miski Mayo or OCP. So going forward, I think we intend to have a balanced source of supply, buying product from OCP, sourcing from Miski Mayo. We don't give guidance about on that, but the range you can expect is anywhere from 0.5 million tonnes of purchased rock to 2 million tonnes of purchased rock. What we like about the OCP rock is that it is a high-quality ore, high-quality rock. It serves in our blending purposes, helps with our production operations and having the diversification of supply availability. If there's other interruptions at Miski Mayo, serves us well. So I'd say in the range of 0.5 million to 1 million tonnes now that South Fort Meade's fully operational. The question about inventories, it served us well, having a large inventory going into the South Fort Meade permitting process. A good lesson learned there. So we'll continue to have appropriate inventories to serve again, should there be any interruption from mining. I'm going to pass the question about the Potash now to Rick.
James T. Prokopanko: The question about what's going to happen in June, July, August, that's some of the uncertainty that we're facing. And right now, we're at Mosaic into a budgeting process, and it is devilishly difficult to forecast what's going to happen once the plant is -- the crop is planted. Are we going to have 94 million acres or are we going to have 97 million acres? Or are we going to have trend line yields, above trend line or something more like last year, well below trend line yields on corn? And that is all going to contribute to -- and how the crop comes out of the ground will contribute to market sentiment by dealers. So June, I'm not anticipating in North America that we're going to have all that information yet. But if it's off to a difficult start for farmers in North America and we see stronger commodity prices, I think there's going to be pressure building to load up on potash if -- and phosphates. And if we see a bumper crop coming, there might be a little more caution by dealers to just see how this crop plays out with the grain, and then at the end, what the grain price is going to be for the coming year. So that's the tough part, June, July, August. But we know that they may delay, but they can't completely avoid having to load up with both potash and phosphate. Rick, I'll ask you to add some color to that perhaps internationally and other insights you have.
James T. Prokopanko: Ted, I'll just add. In general, this is going to be a slow start to the year, unless there's some great surprise in the planting season. Although it's going to be a slow start, it's going to be a strong finish through the balance of our 2012. The product has to get on to these fields to grow the kind of crops that are being demanded by the world. There's no way to avoid it. So it's -- maybe you don't buy it now, but you're going to buy -- they're going to buy it later, and we're prepared to serve that.
James T. Prokopanko: What we have been doing over the last 6 months is we anticipate the Ma'aden startup and look at what they'll be bringing to market. We've been bringing our number down largely on the basis that we just have not seen a large bump in supply from Ma'aden. So our forecast is started at about 2 million tonnes for this calendar year, and we think it's going to be now 1.5 million to 2 million tonnes. So they've got a lot to bring to market to hit the 2 million. It just has not been shown up as a competitive factor in the phosphate markets. But they'll eventually get there. If not in 2012, maybe 2013 they'll get up to full production. In China, recent developments that we've been assessing, but we see reduction of Chinese exports of DAP, MAP, TSP. And we've quantified that reduction from our earlier estimates down from -- I think it was 5 million was what we anticipated what they exported last year. And this year, we see that being closer to 4 million, unless one of my colleagues want to correct me on that, but I expect 4 million.
James T. Prokopanko: Well, I'm going to have Joc O'Rourke, leader of our operations and supply chain operations, to address your question.
James T. Prokopanko: Good question. In spite of these unseasonably warm conditions and even Minneapolis, we -- where normally we'd have still 1 foot, 2 feet of snow to get rid of. On Sunday, we're going to have back up to 80-degree temperatures. Now that's -- farmers have been around long enough to know that, that can change rapidly. So one hesitation by farmers, why they wouldn't be planting more heavily today is, there could still be an early-season frost. And you plant a crop now, you get the moisture, good soil, warm, moist soil conditions. You get a crop up, corn's up, beans are up, and then you get a frost and you lose it and then you have to replant. So that's a very real risk. The other piece is that crop insurance in some of the Midwest states doesn't really kick in, I believe, till early April. And farmers aren't going to plant until they're good and sure there's not going to be an early-season frost nor are they going to plant outside of the crop insurance window. So it'll come. This is still very early, and the farmers are going to be well-prepared, ready to go on the first day that it's reasonable to do so.
James T. Prokopanko: Well -- and Mike, like half the analysts on the -- that are listed on this call are on vacation, it appears. So Mike can't be with us today. A lot to be played out in this going forward. You see ranges of 94 million acres plant forecast on corn. I've seen some as high as 97 million. Then you see yield estimates that could be sub-160 to -- I've seen one as high as 167. And our view is that depending on the size of the -- the yields mostly will drive prices. So we think the $5 to $5.50 range, given trend line yields and where our trend on corn is 161 BPA, bushels per acre, and we're forecasting approximately 94 million, 94.5 million acres, and I think we'll be able to sustain prices above $5. Now when you start getting into these higher corn acres, 94 million to 97 million acres, these last anywhere from 5 million to maybe high as 10 million acres are in prime corn growing land. You're starting to bring in land that farmers either hadn't previously had under cultivation or they're going to corn on corn or corn on corn on corn, which poses risks in that. So at a 97 million- or 94 million-acre crop, I think it's going to be, and I think Mike shares this view, a real challenge to beat trend line yields when you're bringing in every acre that you have available that you can plant something in. At the same time, we're not -- we're far from done. We need soybean acres planted as well. So you get pressure to go to this 97 million acres of corn. Soybeans are going to fight back, and you're going to see those bean prices go up and take away from corn. So we're not anticipating short of a bumper crop above trend line yields. We're not seeing corn prices slip below $5.
James T. Prokopanko: And with that, we're going to conclude. Everybody, have a great and safe spring season. We're going to have an outstanding year ahead of us, and we're ready for it. Thank you very much.
Richard N. McLellan: What we've seen in other marketplaces is more the acceptance of existing prices rather than pressure on prices. So in Brazil, there's business closing at that $530 level. That's the published price. And we're seeing other markets around the world start to move basis that -- the closure of the Chinese contract.
Richard N. McLellan: I'll start with India PhosChem. The last 2 shipments of the 2011, '12 contract are being made in March as agreed to, and we're in negotiations now for shipments for the next contract. And discussions are underway, and we expect kind of orderly closure in the next 60 days on that contract. And the second question was on potash, our expectations of potash in India. We are -- we're seeing that shipments are beginning now on the product that had been held up being shipped on the old contract. And we expect an increase in potash to around 4.8 million to 5 million tonnes next year, and they're going to work through this inventory that's going to get shipped this quarter. So it'll probably be August before we see any contract negotiations begin.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes, on Potash in our guidance, it really is about the amount of standard product that we're going to be moving compared to what we did in the -- in our Q3, and that's what the difference is. Prices, we don't see as any different, and -- so our netbacks are impacted by lower-priced standard product.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes, when we looked at the ranges, we've had several things that caused us to have a wider range. There's several uncertainties given how North America will end the spring, and that's probably the biggest thing that led to us putting a wider range in place. In North America, we continue to hear people want to end the season empty. So we're going to go through a de-stocking of inventory in the system. And should that happen, the restocking happen earlier, that -- then we'll be most definitely at the high end of our range.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes. No, we didn't forward sell into this market. The biggest thing that's going on with our guidance is, we probably have more product being sold out of the river than we do out of Central Florida for this time of the year, and that's pulling it down a bit. You are right that the export price is at $500. We closed on some sales yesterday into the export market at $500. And frankly, we see the opportunity for the market to strengthen from where it is today as we get demand coming stronger in North America. And there's a fair bit of pent-up demand around the world for phosphates.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes, the program that we have is -- separates the delivery of product from pricing, and it's described as consignment, it's not. So from -- on a relative basis, as Jim says, it places product where it's needed and then allows people to price basis, different pricing agreements at a later date. The -- we don't see much more inventory in place with that program than we did last year on Phosphates, and our Potash program is similar to the way it's always been. Product is moved to warehouses, and people buy from there depending on market conditions.
Richard N. McLellan: It's Rick McLellan. I'll take that. When we talked about being more standard, I should have mentioned that, that's the impact of the increased shipments to China, which are the lion's share, which are standard.
Richard N. McLellan: Okay. The -- what you need to look at for our North American business is -- on a long-term basis is somewhere between 3, 5 and 3, 9 for our Ag business. Now the real question is, as you look at this year, we need to focus on the fact of -- that there is inventory out there. People are going to buy kind of hand-to-mouth as we go forward, and they will end this season. So looking at this year as an example, they'll end this season at relatively low inventory levels. So be careful looking at this year as an example of what a long-term run rate would be.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes, I think the key takeaway is that people will de-stock. But it's not if, it's when they restock during this calendar year. And so if you look around the world, we see demand very strong in Brazil. When soybean prices are where they are today, growers there in the last 3 weeks, it appears, have bought about 3 million tonnes of blends for this fall's application season for their planting. And that has done a lot to bring them back to the market, looking for both phosphates and potash. So it's going to take a driver like that to make it come, but that demand will come.
Richard N. McLellan: The inventory buildup we're seeing on Potash is, we expect that to be drawn down over the last 90 days. And frankly, when we went into the third quarter, we had relatively low inventories, and we realize that we had to build them up to meet the demand. You can't sell an empty warehouse. And I'll ask Joc O'Rourke to step in and cover the question on MicroEssentials production.
James C. O'Rourke: Andy, Joc O'Rourke here. Yes, your time line is pretty much correct. We just got final approval from District Court this week, as we said in our release. So it will take us about 2 weeks to get the first dragline in place and producing. Another 6 weeks after that, we'll have a second dragline in place and producing. So in our first fiscal quarter of 2013, we will be fully operational. In terms of your question about Wingate and Four Corners, we fully intend to run those as hard as we're running those now until at least we have what we would call comfortable inventory levels in our Phosphate operations.
James C. O'Rourke: Chris, MicroEssentials, we are expanding at our Louisiana plant. We're adding 600,000 approximately tonnes of capacity in Louisiana. And perfectly timed question, yesterday, the first production came off that line. So we should have a capacity of slightly over 2 million tonnes of MicroEssentials if and when the market needs it. Yes, and so far, we've sold basically everything we've produced.
James C. O'Rourke: Yes, certainly, there's slight differences between the different rocks from the different mines but nothing material. If anything, South Fort Meade has historically been a very good cost operation. And so what we will see is, as we put more of our own rock and less purchased rock through our plants, we'll certainly see our cost come down slightly.
