Clint C. Freeland: Thanks, Joc. During the third quarter, Mosaic generated $0.64 in fully diluted earnings per share, $0.75 per share after adjusting for notable items; and adjusted EBITDA of $606 million. As noted earlier, these strong results were driven by the combination of continued progress on our cost structure and business transformation initiatives across the company and improved market conditions. With these strong quarterly earnings came strong cash flow from operations at $524 million. As you can see, Mosaic ended the third quarter with just over $1 billion in unrestricted cash, roughly in line with the balance at the end of the second quarter despite paying down $400 million in debt during the quarter, investing $241 million in CapEx, and experiencing a $200 million reversal in customer prepayments in Brazil. Based on the strong financial performance to-date and our outlook for the rest of the year, we are increasing our full year earnings guidance for the third time this year. We now expect the company to generate adjusted EBITDA of $1.9 billion to $2 billion and adjusted earnings per share $1.80 to $2. In addition to strong year-to-date results, our guidance reflects continued strength into the fourth quarter, albeit with normal seasonality; the accelerated realization of synergies in Brazil, as outlined earlier; and a foreign exchange rate of roughly BRL 3.7 to the U.S. dollar. The primary risk in our fourth quarter outlook is currency-related given the recent volatility of certain currencies, particularly the Brazilian real. That said, as always, we continue to monitor grain and oilseed prices and international trade developments and any impact that they may have on finished fertilizer markets. Mosaic's substantial cash generation over the course of this year has allowed us to pay down $700 million of debt, meeting our deleveraging commitment two years ahead of schedule. While our debt metrics are now more in line with previously-disclosed through-cycle target levels, we are cognizant of the cyclical nature of our industry and the necessity for financial strength and stability through all parts of the cycle. It's important to note the sensitivity of our leverage ratio to prices. For example, a $20 per tonne change in product pricing can move adjusted EBITDA by $340 million and net debt to EBITDA by 0.4 turns. As such, we intend to continue evaluating whether further debt reduction over time as part of a balanced capital allocation program is appropriate. With that said, our capital philosophy has not changed. Our top priority continues to be ensuring a solid long term foundation for the company. We will continue to invest in our core assets to ensure they're safe, reliable, and efficient operation and maintain financial strength and flexibility through prudent balance sheet management. Beyond that, we allocate capital to the highest risk-adjusted return opportunities available to the company while also keeping in mind that a regular return of capital to shareholders is a key element to a balanced and efficient capital allocation program. With that, I'll turn it back to you, Joc, for closing comments.
Clint C. Freeland: Yeah. Thanks, Joc. Hi, Jake. So, I think when it comes to allocating capital, as we've talked about before, our first priority is ensuring that the company has a really solid financial and operational foundation, making sure that the company's leverage profile and liquidity position is where it should be to remain strong and flexible through the cycle. I think it's also important to invest appropriately to maintain the safe and efficient operation of our core assets. Now, beyond that, I would look to and I think we would look to allocate capital to the highest risk-adjusted return opportunities available to us. We also pay a common dividend on our stock. And while it's fairly modest at this point, we do think it's an important part of a balanced allocation program and we'll continue to evaluate what that payout looks like over time. I think, going forward, when we expect earnings and cash flow to be strong, I would expect to see a balanced capital allocation program where we continue to strengthen the balance sheet, invest to grow the business and provide a regular return of capital to our shareholders. So I think that's how we tend to think about capital allocation and try to prioritize our program.
Clint C. Freeland: Yeah. Thanks, Joc. So, I'll start with the Brazilian prepayments. Those prepayments, at the end of the second quarter, were about $500 million in cash, and where you see that on the balance sheet is in the cash balance and in our payables. And when that reverses, what you have is it almost gets transferred from the balance sheet, goes to the income statement where that $200 million reduction in prepayments comes out of the cash balance and then flows through your P&L. And then, to the extent that you have no margin on those sales, which obviously you do, that would then come back for the cash flow statement onto your balance sheet. And so, net-net, you'll have a reduction in overall cash balance for those prepayments, but not the full $200 million because you'll end up with the margin on your balance sheet. I think the other part of your question was around receivable and payable balances, and one of the things that I would – I assume that you're looking at our balance sheet. Recall that we closed on our acquisition on, I believe, January 8th. And so, the effect of the acquisition and bringing the working capital balances onto the balance sheet is part of that delta. As you look at the quarter, in particular, I would say that from a receivables standpoint, we had pretty high sales in September in North America, in particular. And so, that would have been booked into receivables that should again turn in the fourth quarter. So, that would be the story around receivables. I think payables, nothing really out of the ordinary there. I think it's just a matter of timing of various accruals and other things throughout the year. So, I would say, nothing of particular note there.
Clint C. Freeland: Yeah. Hi. Thanks, Joc. So, I think from a currency hedging standpoint, we typically hedge on a rolling three-month basis to the extent that we are along the BRL. And so, when you have at least short-term volatility in the BRL, we should generally be hedged against that. Longer term, we do also hedge against some of our BRL expenses. If you recall, a lot of our revenues there are dollar-based and our expenses are BRL-based. And so, what we try to do is to have again kind of a rolling program over time that at least allows us to navigate some of the shorter term volatility, but I think longer term you are a little more subject to the currency fluctuations that you see again over time.
Clint C. Freeland: Yeah. Jonas, I would maybe suggest that we take it offline and provide you some clarity. I think we're having a little somewhat of a challenge kind of understanding and answering your question right now, but I think we can follow up with you if that's okay.
James C. O'Rourke: Thank you, Clint. We expect to have many opportunities to grow in the years ahead. Of course, there are many factors we keep an eye on. At the moment, we're monitoring the impacts of the recent election in Brazil and the strengthening Brazilian real, as well as Chinese phosphate export volumes. But the cyclical trend for industry is clearly up and Mosaic has earned a very strong position from which to outperform. We have created a highly efficient, low-cost franchise and we are confident that we have the talent and that we will continue to generate the capital necessary to win and grow for the long term. Now, I will take your questions, operator.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay. Thank you, Ian. Welcome. If I'm looking at Ma'aden and our involvement in Ma'aden, I would say, look, our expectations for Ma'aden was that over the long-term, this would be involvement in one of the largest lowest cost phosphate developments in the world. As such, it was not meant to be an early quick return. And, as you know, it's a very large complicated project, and with those, we expect, at least, it will take time for that to ramp up. And so, our expectations – and I think you really need to go to Ma'aden to see the official expectations of their ramp-up, but as we come to full production, that will be a very low-cost producer and we should start to see earnings from it. Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke: Sure. Good morning, Andrew. So, the K3, in terms of timing, we are on the same schedule we've been on for some time now, which was to integrate K3 – startup K3 and slowly ramp it up to completely take over from K1 and K2 in that 2023 to 2025 timeframe. What is happening today is, as we mentioned earlier, we have just connected the conveyor from K3 to K2 that will allow the startup of commercial production and ramping up of the incremental 1 million tonnes that would go into the K2 and K1 mills. Each of those conveyors will be capable of approximately, let's say, 3 million tonnes of finished product or approximately 9 million tonnes of ore. So, what that allows us to do is, over time, completely reproduce the production from K1 and K2 from K3. Once that is complete, we will decommission K1 and K2, which will eliminate all brine costs.
James C. O'Rourke: Sure. Okay. Great. What I'll do here, Robin, is I will hand this to Corrine. But as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, there is some margin pressure on – which is normal seasonality at the end of the year and mostly due – more than price due to raw material tightness. One thing I will say though on this is although the margins do tighten, we end up having a small competitive advantage at these prices of ammonia and beyond because most of our ammonia is based on production costing, so that actually helps us against the competitive market. In terms of the Q1 outlook, let me ask Corrine or Mike to give a few comments.
James C. O'Rourke: Sure. Thanks, Jake. Well, I'm going to talk a little bit and maybe hand this over to Clint to talk some more and give us some more color. But to summarize, with the impact of our business improvements, obviously, the impact of our Brazil acquisition and improved market conditions, this year, we've been able to generate approximately $1.2 billion of operating cash flow, which really highlights just the kind of earnings power we've created in this business. This, as you mentioned, has allowed us to pay down the $700 million of term loans well ahead of our target, as a matter of fact, over two years ahead of our schedule. So, this has put us in a position to really review our overall capital allocation philosophy and targets. So let me hand it over to Clint just to give a little more color on how we've been thinking about our capital philosophy going forward.
James C. O'Rourke: First of all, let's talk about Chinese exports and what we think of Chinese exports, and I'm going to leave this to Corrine to really talk about. But at a high level, we do see active things by the Chinese government to reduce both water and air pollution and particularly to reduce pollution along the Yangtze River. And those are now starting to take effect and they're increasing the cost to produce phosphates in China but also reducing the overall availability of Chinese phosphate. So, with that, let me hand that one to Corrine, and I will come back to the cash flow question.
James C. O'Rourke: Good. Jeff, well, I'm going to leave that one there. Obviously, the bottom line is what we're seeing is we're seeing stuff on the ground, and these higher prices are driving probably some higher utilization and plants may not necessarily have otherwise been running at this time. Now, we're going to move on to the question – I'm just going to rephrase this a little bit to make sure I've got it right. But if I heard you correctly, cash flow from receivables is actually up by two months this year and you were asking us to clarify what is the impact of the Brazil prepayments on our cash position. I'm going to hand that straight over to Clint who, I think, has a pretty good understanding of what you're trying to get.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay. Alex, thank you. So, let me hit this in order. If I've got it, there's sort of three aspects here I just want to hit. First of all, let's talk about the election of Mr. Bolsonaro. Bolsonaro ran on a pro-business, pro-agricultural campaign. In fact, Bolsonaro was officially endorsed by the Agricultural Parliamentary Group during the elections. So, that is a positive from an agricultural perspective. However, in Brazil, to make things happen, you really have to build coalitions so it's a little early to see. The one thing I will say, however, though, is his first appointees, including his nominee for justice minister, Sergio Moro, and his nominee for finance minister, Paulo Guedes, have both been very well received, and I believe those bode well for his success which we look forward to. The second question you asked was about the synergies, and what I would say there is what we had was a Brazil team that really took this on and has done a very good job of going after synergies and improvement, which has put us in a position to achieve more than the $100 million that we originally thought we'd achieve this year, matter of fact, our $140 million to $160 million, but also puts us ahead of schedule to achieve our total $275 million of synergies we ultimately expect to achieve from that business. In terms of the currency and the hedging, I really think there's enough detail there that I should hand that over to Clint to talk a little bit about our strategy.
James C. O'Rourke: Sorry, Jonas. We're looking at each other to try and understand if we can – as you know, we don't actually give EPS guidance on a division by division thing. I'm not sure I know how to answer that. I'm going to hand it to Clint to see what he can.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay. Neil, thanks. Well, first of all, let me talk about the Fertilizantes margin for the fourth quarter. That is almost exclusively driven by change of FX. There has been a strengthening of the Brazilian real particularly after the election of Bolsonaro and whether that holds or not, but it has been – given us a short term expectation of a stronger real there. In terms of the synergies, we made a conscious decision not to increase synergies beyond $275 million. And the reason for that was, in our investment thesis which we brought out last year, we said $275 million was the amount we expected to gain by the combination of the two businesses. We fully expect that we will set goals for business improvement beyond that, but we do not believe they are necessarily something that we should call synergies after the original combination of those two businesses. So for that reason, we have looked at this as being a milestone that we're going to leave as it is. Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke: Thanks, John. Look, one of the huge advantages we have in Brazil is our distribution business is well positioned in all of the major agricultural areas of the country and we support and supply farmers for a number of crops. And when we combine that with a production business that is right there as well in the main growing regions, we think we are actually the best positioned to serve the growing soybean market in Brazil, and whether its soybeans, corn or coffee, sugarcane, we believe our distribution business and our new production business are well-positioned to serve those.
James C. O'Rourke: Yeah. And I'll just end by saying your final question was about the soy to corn shift. That has a big impact on nitrogen demand. But for us, both of those are great crops and we're pretty agnostic as to which crop is growing.
James C. O'Rourke: Yeah. Thanks, Ashish. Look, the port position in TIPLAM in particular, I think, is what you're referring to, what that has been able to do for us is now as an importer, we have access to two of very good ports, one in Paranaguá state and the one at TIPLAM. And if you think about Brazil and infrastructure in Brazil, one of the key competitive advantages or one of the key competitive issues is access to infrastructure, particularly port infrastructure. So, it is a major importer of both finished product but also raw materials. This really helps us better run our upstream and downstream businesses. And if you look at our statements on synergies, a big piece of the synergies or at least a piece of the synergies has certainly been associated with the upstream and downstream benefits of this infrastructure that we've added.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay. Thanks, Michael. Look, I think it's both. Certainly, the new suppliers have been slower to come up than one would have expected or one might have might have expected. But also, there has been shutdowns in terms of ICL's ability, as an example, and there has been a refocus in terms of SQM's operations focusing more on lithium and moving away from potash. And then, of course, there's been environmental issues in Germany that have also impacted supply and even some possible Russian supply which we're not clear on what that – whether it has or has not. But I mean what we're seeing experientially is a tighter market than we have had previously and that's obviously being reflected in shipment volumes for us and Canpotex, as well as price movement.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay, Duffy. Well, let me first highlight. We set a near-term target of paying down $700 million and returning to a debt ratio of below 2.5:1. Now, that's been achieved. As we look the longer term, we are not only looking at what the instantaneous debt ratio is, but how are we positioned throughout the cycle, so not only at the middle of the cycle or the top of the cycle, but also how would we be positioned at the bottom of the cycle. So, we really want to think that through carefully and how we're going to address that before we take any steps to either pay down more or not pay down more debt. In terms of your question on the risk reduction, rather than hand this to Clint, which I could do, I think what I would say is we would look at share repurchases as being a cost of capital return to shareholders as opposed to an investment of some sort. In terms of the risk-adjusted rate of return, we would have to look at currency risks, geographic risks, technical risks, etcetera, and then say how much above the cost of capital does that have to be for it to be an intelligent investment for us to make.
James C. O'Rourke: So, with that, I would like to thank everybody who's been on the call. But I would like to emphasize before we leave a couple of our key messages. First, Mosaic has made tremendous progress. We've transformed our business and created substantial earnings potential. Secondly, our Phosphates and Potash market fundamentals have continued to be constructive. And third, we're highly optimistic about both the short- and long-term. Simply put, we've created an efficient franchise that is generating strong returns and we expect our momentum to continue to grow. Thank you for joining the call.
Dr. Michael R. Rahm: No. The only thing I would add is if you look at the seasonal pattern, I mean margins in Q4 have dropped in five of the last five years and they've rebounded in four of the last five years by more than the seasonal drop in the fourth quarter. So, yeah, I would term this just a normal seasonal adjustment in margins.
Dr. Michael R. Rahm: Yeah. If you look at our supply and demand for 2019, we see decent growth. I'll start on the demand side. We're looking at about 1.8% or 1.2 million metric tonnes of additional demand in 2019. And that should start, I think, in a normal seasonal way as far as positioning for the Southern Hemisphere crop and the Northern Hemisphere crop. And what's interesting, if you look on the supply side, we see several puts and takes there. We expect that on the negative side, we're seeing a couple of shutdowns in the U.S. or in North America with the Redwater plant and the Geismar plant. We are seeing some incremental capacity come on in terms of a continued ramp-up of the Ma'aden joint venture, the Jorf Phosphate Hub number IV, as well as some smaller plants coming on stream in Turkey and Egypt. So, we've put all that together and when you add up the changes in demand versus the changes in supply, we still come up with roughly a balance not taking into account any changes in China. And our assessment is that we could see a 0.5 million tonne to 1 million tonne or more decline in Chinese exports. So, what we see is another period much like this year where the phosphate market remains in deficit. And what we're saying there is that the world doesn't run out of phosphate, but you see pipelines get drawn down. You maybe see a little bit of demand curved on the edges in some markets and you do see existing producers probably squeezing out a few more tonnes to reach an equilibrium in the market.
Dr. Michael R. Rahm: Well, yeah, I'd highlight that the rolling 12 months total on September 30th was down I think 1.17 million tonnes from September 30, 2017. So, there has been a substantial decrease. If there are other questions later on, maybe we can come back and talk about a specific example.
Dr. Michael R. Rahm: Sure. We actually published this in the non-deal roadshow report that is on the website. There's detail in terms of our changes in the S&D. And in terms of – let me just talk a little bit about 2018 first and how that carries over. But when we look at – there's been a series of either call it supply disruptions or supply changes that have probably taken a good 0.5 million tonnes out of the market. So, as you know, the ICL closed their Boulby mine midyear. SQM is maximizing the amount of lithium they produce versus potassium chloride. K+S had production problems at its Werra Complex with low water levels in adjoining rivers, and so forth. So, you add that up, there's about 500,000 tonnes of lost production. Next year when we look at this, K+S is going to close their Sigmundshall mine, which is probably 450,000 tonnes. The Boulby mine produced half of this year, so there'll be another half of year loss there. So, when we add up 1.2 million or 1.1 million tonnes of demand growth, coupled with the supply changes that we see, we show a deficit of about 0.5 million tonnes. And, again, as we said, for phosphate, we're not expecting the world to run out of potash anytime soon, but we do think that implies that pipeline inventories worldwide get drawn down to very low levels and that prices remain elevated enough to bring supply and demand into equilibrium.
Dr. Michael R. Rahm: No, I guess, the only thing I would add is that, as we said before, both the agronomic and the economic demand drivers remain strong. We've talked about the big withdrawals. But, I think, the another important factor is if you look at new crop prices for corn, soybeans and wheat despite, I think, the perception that things have really changed, if you look at where they're at today versus the last three years, corn prices are kind of at the top of that three-year range, wheat prices are above the three-year range and soybean prices are kind of right in the middle. So, the signals that farmers are getting today are no different than what they have been for the last three years, and that combined with the need to replace nutrients taken out, I think bodes well for the demand outlook for next year.
