James O'Rourke: Thank you, Rich. To summarize we are operating in a challenging environment. With volatility and headwinds coming from many fronts, but at Mosaic we have learned to embrace the cyclicality of our business our philosophy to produce to demand in both potash and phosphate has not changed. We are also managing costs remaining flexible on our capital spending and looking for opportunities to create long term value for our shareholders. We have been profitable through the trough. We have created the potential to accelerate quickly in better markets and we believe agricultural markets will prove more resilient than current sentiment expects. Mosaic is in excellent position for now and for the years to come. Now we would be happy to take your questions. Thank you.
James O'Rourke: Thanks Ben. Joc here. I am going to hand that straight to Mike I think this is really an area where he can give us the best answer. Mike do you want to just take that.
James O'Rourke: Hi Neel. Joc O'Rourke we will start – I will start off with just the quick comment. As you are probably well aware our production capacity for micro-essentials was reaching us limit in the last year or so and we are just in the process of expanding that capacity at our new wells plant up to 3.5 million tons so as the future goes by we will actually have sufficient capacity. So in that timeframe volumes have not necessarily increased but we have really focused on the value add that we can achieve through that. I am going let Rick just talk about this for a little while and maybe come back with some closures.
James O'Rourke: We continue to have a very good view on future micro-essentials and it's about to real value to Mosaic on the long term. And I will close with that.
James O'Rourke: Let me start off with, we have said and we continue to say we will operate to the demand in the market and of course as we look at that we will make sure that the production that we curtail gives us the most long term benefit so whether that's because of the higher cost operations or whether we need maintenance or our differing maintenance at certain plants I think that decision gets made based on the value that adds to Mosaic. So, we are certainly not going to specify how we plan to do that but we expect to make sure that our production meets expected demand and that's why our guidance this year is 70% to 80% in the first quarter and it was about 70% in the fourth quarter against last year we operated 91% in the fourth quarter and 90% in the first quarter. So we are looking at controlling that to meet the market. I am going to give the FPD question straight over to Rick.
James O'Rourke: I think just to reemphasize Rick other point there which is we believe the FPD program allows a much smoother logistic or supply chain for our products in other words we can get the products to market on our convenience and allow them to be where they need to be when the market will start moving.
James O'Rourke: Okay I am going to hand the more technical finance questions over to Rich in a second here. Let me just quickly touch on modern actually over there couple of weeks ago on – it's really come a long well I think we are pretty pleased with where we are set with modern, they were just adding gas and starting to commission the boilers for the ammonia plant and recognize a big piece of the value of the modern joint venture will be that ammonia plant. Now to come on midyear, this year and probably finish commissioning somewhere around the third quarter, the rest of the plant should be ready by let’s call it late 2016 or early 2017 and then start commissioning at that stage. So that's kind of timing. And I believe we have about $3 million left to spend on it but again I will get Rich to give you little more background and then give you answers on our corporate spending. Thanks.
James O'Rourke: Hi Adam, thanks for the question. I am going to hand out straight over to Rick McLellan to answer it, I think it's –
James O'Rourke: Thanks, Jacob. Good to hear your voice. I'll hand this over to Rich pretty quickly, but I need to quite to say for my perspective, our capital planning or capital strategy is unchanged. So, with that I'm just going to hand it to Rich to just reiterate our strategy.
James O'Rourke: And we believe we have strong enough cash flow capabilities through the whole cycle that we can not only pay a reasonable and fair dividend but we can also balance that with our growth opportunities and returning money to shareholders through share buybacks as we demonstrated through our accelerated share repurchase plan that we've announced today.
James O'Rourke: I'm going to hand that straight to Mike. I think he really has a good hand along our world supply and demand balance. Let me hand that straight to Mike.
James O'Rourke: Okay. Thank you, everyone. Let me conclude. Before I even start my concluding remarks, I just want to point out maybe a bit of a Graeme reminded me of a point that we haven’t made much out lately. Which is we are now at 2600 feet deep in our two potash shafts on our way to 3100 feet. So, those projects are getting very near to completion in terms of the two shafts. It's been a very well executed project from our perspective, continues to run right on budget and right on schedule. So, just a call out to our potash team that has really done an extraordinary job of a very complicated big project. So, let me give my conclusions. To conclude our call, I just want to reiterate our key themes. First, we expect Mosaic to emerge as a stronger company from this challenging part of the cycle. Because we built the resilient business. And second, demand for agricultural commodities remain strong because global demand for food continues to grow. And I know we harp on that, but the reality is the whole thing is based on the food story and it continues to grow. So, we have created significant potential to accelerate when business conditions improve and we know the business conditions will improve. So, thank you very much for joining us today. Have great and safe day. Thank you.
Michael Rahm: Sure. Let me start with the second question first in terms of Chinese export I am sure you are all aware of that exports spiked in 2015 to, I believe the China customers numbers in the 11.6 million ton range. As I think was noted earlier there have been some shut downs in China. Those tones we think will be lost our projection that we are using right now in our S&D is somewhere in that 10 million ton range we think it will be off a bit from the record last year. In terms of the first question phosphate inventories and Rich you should comment as well. I think it varies from region to region certainly continuing in China, we know that inventories have built up at the plant level. We think they are high there. Distributors in China are the same as distributors around the world in terms of when prices are trending down they tend not to take position, so we have seen a back up of inventories at the plant. But overall, we don't think inventories in china are excessive. The situation India maybe a little bit different. They had 2.5 million ton increase in imports last year and we think that inventories there are certainly greater than what they have been in the last couple of years when they were pulled down to very low levels. North America I think is in good shape. And in terms of Brazil inventories ended the year maybe a little bit above average but I think we are seeing some positive signs there that things are beginning to move. So I will let Rick provide his color commentary as well.
Michael Rahm: Yes, just a couple of notes. Obviously, there are lots of uncertainties there with respect to how good or bad the monsoon will be this year what happens to exchange rates, what if any changes to subsidies. So lot of moving parts there but bottom-line of our best guess at this point is in terms of MOP imports we think they will be off a little bit recall that in calendar year 2005 Indian port had formally in tons potash off a little bit from 43 to previous year but up from 3 million tons in 2013. We think they will be in at 37 to 39 ranges this year so off a little bit. Phosphate maybe a little bit different story as we noted earlier the import surge to 2.5 million tons last year from very low levels. We think they will probably be off maybe a half million to 3 quarter of million tons this year and how much it depends on all of those factors we noted earlier.
Michael Rahm: No. I think you hear that Jonas, that the change year-over-year in raw material cost and even quarter-over-quarter, if you look at our sulfur core cost Q1 of '15, it’s a $147 a ton. Q1 of '16 is 95. Our ammonia cost in January '15 were 545, we bought ammonia in 16 for 350. In February of '15, we bought ammonia for 495, at February of '16, it's 310. So, those are significant drops and so as that stabilizes and we move through Q2 and Q3 and Q4, those are going to drive and improve gross margins.
Michael Rahm: The only thing I would point out in terms of our global shipments, we've revised our 2015 estimate to 60.7, largely based on a big surge of imports by China. And our point estimate for 2016 is 59.7. So, we're looking only at about a million ton drop. So, I don’t think there's a great inconsistency there between what we're projecting internally and what we're projecting for the market.
Michael Rahm: Sure, I just had a couple of comments. One, I think we'd characterize the fall application season has been generally average, that we didn’t see a major drop off and maybe in pockets here or there, but there are also pockets where it was very good. Case and point talking with one of our larger customers in Eastern corn belt. They actually sold more corns this fall than what their average was. So, I wouldn’t characterize it as necessarily as a poor fall application season. The other factor is with the expectation of corn acres being north of 90 million this year. We think that overall usage in the United States for P&K likely would be up 1% to 2%. And given that, coupled with the fact that there was good hold this fall. We're thinking both well for spring movement.
Michael Rahm: Sure. I guess in terms of what we know, obviously last year the Chinese dropped their corn support price, 10%. But that basically took their support price down from the ground numbers, $10 to $9. We expect that there will be further cuts in that, but it still keeps Chinese support prices for corn at relatively high levels compared to the rest of the world. So, just in terms of farm economics, we think farm economic remain healthy in China. The drop that we are showing in for example in potash shipments relates more to the buildup of inventories in any drop in demand. I think the bigger concern there is making Chinese corn for example more competitive. We'll cut into their imports of corn substitutes, whether it's DDGS, sorghum, barley, or whatever. But by and large, we think Chinese farm economics and the demand drivers there are still okay.
Richard Mack: Yes, good morning Ben. I just spent some time going through with our Brazilian team something that are happening in the marketplace there and we have seen since the start of the year some pretty significant moves of volumes that had weighted to come to market, so these are blended volumes that are going out. And we see the phosphate inventories frankly being drawn down Mike described them as a both even year-over-year, but the sales that are going on right now for the first quarter reflect farmers coming back in to that marketplace. So I think those inventories get drowned down and we just finished spending time this week with some of our larger North American customers and I would say their buying is probably lower than it's been for the last three years. They are going to wait and move hand them out and so they are not sitting on a lot of inventories, there is not a lot of inventories sitting in North America and so we expect when the season hits us both is very well. And volumes will move through the system.
Richard Mack: Yes, good morning. Joc is right, we saw volumes stay relatively flat year-over-year, but we saw the increases in the premiums we have been able to capture for both on micro-essentials. We really are looking forward to the fact that we will have this increase production sometime in 2016 and our focus is really on expanding significantly into Brazil. Last year we did grow but it stayed relatively flat our plans for it to grow further but the I think a lot of activity in Brazil, a lot of uncertainty and so we felt real good that we stayed flat. We really are looking for opportunities to grow in the Caribbean basin as this new production comes on fill in the holes in North America where our customers and people they have not able to get access or asking for it and still I think I mentioned it before we are doing research in Europe because the crop cycle there is very similar to what we see in Canada which is one of our fastest growth markets.
Richard Mack: Yes, good morning Don. And it's a very appraisable question. We are seeing people take advantage for us and them of using our FPD program and I think we saw the impact of that showing up in our fourth quarter. There was question about our third quarter volume into North America and frankly we saw those volumes come back in the fourth quarter. I think the one thing that people don't understand is our program separates price from shipment and so it allows the dealer to put product into place, but the pricing mechanism is they can buy up to the moment they sell to the farmer. And at that point they have to price at the current price. And so their revenue recognition and ours match up, we think it creates a competitive advantage for us and it certainly does for our customer base.
Richard Mack: Sure. Andrew. What I would say is it goes to impart capital management, it goes into the cyclicality of the industry and if you take a look at Mosaic historically going way back to the Cargill years the down part of the cycle due present opportunities and if you take a look at our track record Cargill got into the phosphate business at the down part of the cycle, we years later ended up consolidating with IMC Global that was a great opportunity for us and just a couple of years ago I would argue that we rolled up the CF phosphate business at a very attractive evaluation. So as Joc noted anything that we would do would go through a very strong filter but the fact that we have a strong balance sheet which I would argue would be the envy of many in the mining sector and [age] sector today is of great benefit to us and so we will continue to balance between repurchasing our shares and looking for opportunities out there and if there is something that is extraordinarily compelling it's something that we could act on.
Richard Mack: Sure thanks Joc. Hey Jeff, your two part question had five questions and so I will try to address them. This year we are the tail-end of modern as well as what I would say 2016 will represent the vast majority of our remaining expenditures there I think we are suggesting about $300 million in 2016 there could be some spillover effect that goes into 2017 and that you have to be determined based on variety factors in terms of how the construction is progressing today. Joc noted ammonia production comes online later this year. Phosphate production will come online sometime during 2017, but there will be a ramp up period. And we are progressing I would say very quickly right now in terms of the constructions process and those time horizons are still generally consistent with what we thought about couple of years ago. Your question about the [indiscernible] the positive contribution in the corporate segment really relates to intercompany eliminations between our phosphate segment and our international distribution segment. So when we sell phosphates to international distribution primarily Brazil, we do not take, we back off the profit or the profit is recognized I should say in the phosphate segment and then it's eliminated in the corporate segment until that product is sold by international distribution. So what you are seeing here is product that moved in the fourth quarter out of international distribution and therefore the profit is fully being recognized by Mosaic. And then I think your third question was an increase in other current assets and I think the answer to that is primarily additional FPDs this year compared to the last relevant period so I hope that's response to your question.
Richard Mack: Yes. The only thing that I would add is just maybe in terms of the total CapEx program at Esterhazy on a percentage basis, where somewhere probably in the low to mid 30% range in terms of completion and then in terms of overall cost. I think as we've commented previously, once K3 is completed, not only will it eliminate obviously the brine info as Joc just noted. But the distances to the main shafts and so forth are going to be significantly closer and the overall operating cost environment for that line will be extremely good.
Richard McLellan: Sure. And Jacob, our stated philosophy on dividends is we're going to grow the dividend as our business and our earnings grow, obviously in the last 12 to 18 months. It's been a much more challenging environment out there. But in terms of our overall capital management philosophy, I think the dividend is a very important component of it. I think that it is something obviously that is entirely sustainable going forward. And as the cycle turns, we will continue to evaluate that against what our current share price is and make decisions accordingly.
Richard McLellan: Mike, just one thing I'd add is, our local team in China made a point of saying farmers are seeing their support coming from the government not in the support of corn prices but in other subsidies that are replacing that. And so, as Mike said, let me just said, let me just add on to it. The farmer economics in China are really very good today.
Richard McLellan: No, Joc. Just this is Q1 with, it's interesting we could run at higher rates if we see both the Chinese and the Brazilians come back into the market place. But we're putting the range in, so our assumptions on the lower end of the range reflect a little movement into either of those markets.
