Joc O'Rourke: I think that's a great point that Ric makes, and one of the things that I was struck with like say being there a couple of weeks ago was we've been very clear with the employee [ph] base, big changes need to be made, but it seems certainly that they're very engaged and very onboard with making those changes. So, it's going very well I think.
Joc O'Rourke: Yes, absolutely and I think as we clarified at last quarter we see this as approximately $125 million of what I would call traditional synergies, those are admin and what not that we just -- because we are combining the two, we'll see a lower price probably for sulfur because of our buying power, and those are traditional synergies. Above and beyond that we see about a $150 million of what I would call operational disciplines and those real cost savings that we've implemented in our -- in both our potash and phosphate businesses to-date and so that's just bringing a whole new level of operational excellence to that business.
Joc O'Rourke: So just summarizing that I know there is a fair bit of moving pieces in this and we will improve our disclosure on the business as we get more metrics and what not so that you can really follow but just let me emphasize. This business did underperformance '17, we expect that will improve but it's going to take a little bit of time and most of what we're accomplishing in '18 is going to be the movement of prices up and our own efforts to improve the business through the 100 million of value capture, so that's probably the easiest way to put it, and certainly over the long term we are still very confident that we're going to reach the numbers we talked about.
Joc O'Rourke: I am going to hand this to Rick in a couple of seconds but obviously your first point is very relevant which we did not close at the start of the quarter, so there'll be less on a full quarter in the first quarter volume, but also the first quarter is traditionally a pretty quiet quarter in Brazil, so I'm going to let Rick talk a little bit more about the actual seasonality but certainly that's your observation is correct.
Joc O'Rourke: Let me answer that fairly high level first of all as Rick mentioned earlier we're expecting about 4 million tonnes from the what you call the legacy Fertilizante business and then there would be about 6 million tonnes which is traditionally what we've shift out of our existing distribution business, the margin will be basically in three pieces, you're going to have -- your lowest margin will be in the what I would call the bulk commodity distribution. Our premium product margin is pretty good in terms of even in distribution we get a pretty good margin in that.  And then the rest of the margin will be made up with the Fertilizantes aspect or the B2B business. The B2B business will have pretty reasonable margins at this point and I think the highest that will be micro central followed by B2B and then bottom will be our bulk commodities. So that’s kind of the split of how it works and that adds up to as it was put in the pro forma and it really shows the split there I think quite clearly. 
Joc O'Rourke: Okay, thanks Jeff. Let me say we shut down plant city or sorry we idled plant city on the basis that we would assess the impact it had on softening the blow let's say of new production coming on line. You know since we idled the plant we have seen increased margin of stripping markets stripping margins of about $40 per ton. I believe part of this is directly attributable to our own actions here. And so, we expect to see a very improved conversion cost by focusing on our lower cost plants particularly if we can run these attire rates overtime.  So, what I would say is we will re-assess plant city in the next six to eight months and say did it really have the impact we expected, is there a market need that we really want to bring that back to satisfy or do we believe that the market will be able to meet the needs of our customers without that plant and us be able to focus on the lower cost production. So, with that I'm going to hand it over to Tony because Tony probably has a feel for the overall DD&A for that plant.
Joc O'Rourke: Well, there would be cash costs, let me highlight though is the closure cost and the actual closure of that site would need to be paid so the AR was need to be expensed at that point.
Joc O'Rourke: Yes, so look yes, we had pretty good rock costs in the fourth quarter and I think those are actions that the phosphate team is doing to a, increase volumes and drive the -- again the low-cost operations and long term we expect that to continue as we continue to drive our cost and really look at efficiency in all our mining. So, I think that's a pretty good indication of what we can expect and certainly in the first half of this year coming up.  In the year, we intend to look at our rock strategy very holistically, so in other words we now have a completely different rock profile being with the idling of planned city, with the addition of the Miski Mayo tons from the Vale Fertilizantes acquisition. We have an opportunity to really relook and rethink how we're going to optimize that rock and I think by doing that we will really be able to figure out what is the best option for us and that that really leads into your second question of what's going to happen with Miski Mayo.  At this stage our goal at Miski Mayo is to drive out cost and develop efficiencies particularly now that we've consolidated that into a 2% joint venture with ourselves and [Indiscernible] so we intend to really take a hard look at what we can do there. In terms of increasing production from Miski Mayo that will have to be assessed over time. 
Joc O'Rourke: First of all I'm going to take your questions, the accretion and dilution question on Vale and look what we see this year is with the improvements we made and yes I've gotten through them in further details I'm not going to rehash that but I think we are pretty much on track with where we saw we would be and I actually think that probably the Vale this year will be and it's hard to give an exact number but will be close to accretive this year or slightly accretive but it's going to be in that range of fairly neutral on the 34 million extra shares.  Sorry I missed getting your second question there. I was just making sure I have that question correct. Your question on our Brazil Potash mine now the Brazil Potash mine has a very local issue and so it really depends on how well it can deliver efficiently to a local market and at this stage it appears to be a quite competitive in that local market so I would say it has a very good chance with some improvements if that could be a good contributor.  In terms of your other cost or your other question as we ramp-up K3 we will continue to look at how do we serve our customers from the most efficient way possible now so that's going to depend on volume requirements it's going to depend on pricing and everything else but we can assure you that we continuously look at each of our assets and say are they adding the real kind of value that we believe they should and are we doing the best for our customers in terms of optimization and we will continue that.
Joc O'Rourke: Look certainly let me first of all tell you the challenge if you will of developing a new mine, we get to the bottom of K3 which we did in February and you have basically what amounts to a 6 meter or 20 foot hole you have to develop out from that, that takes years, not months to get that done, at this stage we are dropping in our first raw miners now to underground, so we're starting to ramp up the rate at which we can develop and build out that mine, but we're doing it about as fast as we can, what will happen though is depending on the market whether we do -- we focus more on development or whether we focus more on bringing out tonnes, really depends a little bit on the market and then obviously the tradeoff being the ongoing costs of the K2 brine inflow but this is why new tonnes are not coming in as fast to market. 
Joc O'Rourke: Okay with that let me close off by a quick summary, we really finished the year with a strong quarter and significant momentum, this was driven not only by the market but important strategic decisions we made, strong operating performance, and so as we head into 2018, it's hard not to be optimistic about where we're going, but just let me summarize we continue to expand on our record of successful strategic actions to deliver real shareholder value across the cycle; with the acquisition in Brazil complete, we're now highly focused on achieving the savings targets and the business transformation we talked about and have outlined.  And finally, with business conditions improving from 2017 we expect this momentum to continue into this year. So, with that we're really excited about where this company is going in the next six to 12 months and we hope you are as well. Thank you very much for your attention.
Tony Brausen: There are a number of adjustments in the pro forma information for Mosaic Fertilizantes that maybe skewing your assessment and those include the fact that we have adjusted for IFRS to U.S. GAAP, we've adjusted for our accounting policy alignment and most importantly we've adjusted for our fixed asset values that we are expecting to record those assets at so from a purchase price accounting standpoint we have to record them at a and the fair-value and we have to depreciate them based on the expected remaining useful life.  So, at this point in time this pro forma information is preliminary because that information has done at a very high level and is not yet been finalized. We've also made adjustments to the SG&A allocation in the segments so we're now allocating a portion of our corporate SG&A to the Mosaic Fertilizantes segment and then another big change from what was previously international distribution is we've removed India and China from that segment and that's now reported incorporate and other, so what you see in the Mosaic Fertilizantes segment is just our Brazilian businesses is the combined distribution business along with the new business from probably Fertilizantes.  And then lastly, as it relates to that pro forma information another big factor is in the phosphate segment and we're now including Miski Mayo as a fully consolidated business so previously that was an equity earnings in equity investments so it was reported just on the one line in the income statement and now that's captured with sales cost to good sold in margin in the phosphate segment and that also has along with it depreciation, so that impacts the gross margin you'll see reported in the phosphate segment. 
Tony Brausen: Joc just one other factor I'll add in and that's the exchange rate for the Brazilian reais which is going to have a significant influence on the results of that segment as well and as you can see in the materials provided with this call, that's about a $0.07 per share impact, for every 0.1 movement in the Brazilian reais, so that's a meaningful factor as well.
Tony Brausen: You bet. Adam good morning. We are not planning to give full year guidance at the margin or pricing level and as you may recall we didn't give that in the past either. What we are attempting to do by providing full year guidance in addition to the sales volume guidance is to just keep the strategic -- shift the focus to the more strategic and the long-term discussion but with that having been said let me give you a little bit of the detail in the assumptions that have gone into that guidance.  So, starting with the diluted share count now it's higher than it used to be because of the shares issued with the Vale Fertilizantes acquisition so now that's about 386 million. You've seen in the conversation this morning that we're expecting the effect of tax rate to be in the low 20s for 2018. Interest expense of course you'd expect that to be up year over year because we issued the debt late last year, tied to the Vale Fertilizantes acquisition.  So, we expect that interest expense to be up but still under a $200 million level. The other operating expense number, we're calling that what you often see in other operating expense are the notable items that we report and the $1.00 to a $1.50 is exclusive of any notable items.  So, you'd expect that other operating expense line in your model to be about you know what you'd typically see with no unusual items and so that would probably be in about the $40 million range. We've given SG&A guidance at 3.25 to 3.50 and of course we've given the range of ton guidance as well so hopefully that gives you some of the information you're looking for and with all of that information I think you'll be able to assess the range of gross margins from your perspective.
Tony Brausen: As I recall the DD&A I think it was in the 30 million neighborhoods perhaps 25 million somewhere in that range, Jeff and I don’t have that fully committed to memory and you asked also about an asset write-off if we were to permanently close, yes there is certainly would be I don’t have the net asset value of that operation committed to memory as well but if that's important to you we can that. But I would tell you any write-off if there were a permanent closure decision would be fully non-cash and would be reported as a notable item.
Tony Brausen: And what I would P.J. is I think you've to put that in the context of what's going on in the global phosphate market, I think as we mentioned on the last call if you look at the increase in demand that we expect in 2018, which is about 1.2 million tonnes, look at the closure of Plant City which takes another 1.7 million -- or 1.5 million tonnes out of the equation, that's a whole of about 2.7 million tonnes that has to be filled with the incremental production coming from somewhere and we know that the Ma'aden Al-Shamal joint venture will ramp up, we know it produced about 450,000 tonnes last year, if it produces somewhere in that 2 million tonne, mark, there's some tonnes there, OCP is ramping up its third hub, it has announced that the fourth hub has been delayed, and if you just assume that there'll be 2 million to 2.5 million tonnes of incremental supply coming from those two sources, that basically implies that the market is balanced, so anything that happens in China with respect to reduction in supply, simply tightens the market further.  And I guess I would go back to early comment, exports from China actually increased last year when you look at the China customs statistics. In 2016, exports were about 9.5 million tonnes and actually were 10.1 million tonnes last year according to custom statistics and basically as such the market needed those tonnes, and as Corrine points out there're real changes taking place this year, and we will admit that we jumped the gun a bit last year and called it a little bit early, but the bottom line is we think there's a very good likelihood that exports do drop this year and if that happens, that's just fuel on the fire, in terms of the S&D balance.
