Joc O'Rourke: Certainly, the legacy distribution business had the margins in the range of $20 to $30 per tonne. And so, yes, the production business would be expected and certainly does have higher margins. We're not separating those out per se anymore, but what I can tell you is the synergy capture not only involved improving the production business or the B2B business, but there was also a great deal of synergy between those two, which we wouldn't be able to attribute specifically to either one of them. But what we have seen is improvements in gross margin for that distribution business because of the synergies and the go-to-market strategy that we've undertaken.
Joc O'Rourke: Certainly, we will look at that very carefully as one of our opportunities for growth. We believe, we've built a platform there, but it does have long-term growth potential. As you are all aware, the Brazil growth in agriculture has been one of the best in the world and it continues to be one of the most attractive areas and so we believe we can grow with that market.
Joc O'Rourke: The synergies come from a number of areas. Certainly headcount is one of them, but the use of - more effective use of contractors, supply chain and logistics, procurement, and as I say, just the taking advantage of Mosaic's market strategy has improved the ability of both to capture new margin.
Joc O'Rourke: And I just emphasize that normally in the fourth quarter, you see these same small items tend to be negative. And this year, surprisingly they were positive.
Joc O'Rourke: Mark, let me start by saying, I think you're referring to the increase in cost because the proportion of Miski Mayo rock was higher in our COGS this quarter. And you have to understand that when we bring Miski Mayo rock and we have not only the operating cost but the added cost of transport from through into our existing business, but if I look at Miski Mayo itself, I think there is a really great story there in terms of the integration as we take over the joint venture. This year, we had record low costs at Miski Mayo, record volumes at Miski Mayo, and a record safety performance at that operation. So over time, we believe that we can make material improvements to how that Miski Mayo works. In terms of our China MOU, I'm going to hand that over to Karen to give a couple of comments about our ongoing relationship there.
Joc O'Rourke: Rick, I'm just going to highlight again all that, because of the recentness of this event, I think the legislative impacts will be in somewhat flux for a period of time, Alex. I don't think we're going to have final answers for a period of time, and look, when we do understand what the legislation is, we will make sure that as a Company, we fully comply and that we follow whatever the highest standard to protect the employees, the communities, and the environment around and where we work.
Joc O'Rourke: Okay, Andrew. Thank you. The $35 a tonne rock cost you referred to is the - I believe you're referring to the cash cost of Florida mined rock. That varies and I think it is up this quarter because we're in areas that maybe have a little lower grade, a little further to pump, and that's normal variance, which we expect to see in our business as we move from deposit to deposit, mine to mine and in different areas. The overall rock cost then would include the Miski Mayo cost. But what I can say is, overall and allowing for that variance, our transformation efforts have given us great success. I think those rock costs have been held relatively flat for eight years now. And so I think that is a great testament to the amount of work that's done. Now I think as we go forward, we expect to see some increases at least with inflation and longer pumping distances, but we are looking at how we mitigate those costs every year. Thanks.
Joc O'Rourke: And certainly in respect to you and both Mike, I will definitely allow that to go to Mike, although, I'm sure Andy could give an equally eloquent answer.
Joc O'Rourke: Sorry, I missed the second half of your question, Dan. I got the inventory challenge in P and K but I missed --
Joc O'Rourke: I'm going to share this question with Karen, but let me say, if I look at North American inventory, both P and K were affected by the poor than average to the ground actual usage. But I think if you look at it, I think the potash impact was probably a little less than the phosphate. So there's a bigger buildup of phosphate inventory and with imports that's probably exacerbated a little bit. Karen, do you want to talk about that and the --
Joc O'Rourke: Let me say, first of all, we produced over 3 million tonnes of MicroEssentials and sold almost 3 million tonnes of MicroEssentials last year, which means we are getting very close to the 3.5 million tonnes of overall capacity. The way we will address that is, we are now looking at debottlenecking opportunities. And as you get close to 85%-90%, which is where we are of existing capacity, seasonality becomes more of an issue, so we are looking at how we can debottleneck and then we will after that look at what would be the next capital investment required to move MicroEssentials up. I'm going to let Karen talk a little bit about the patent and growth after that.
Joc O'Rourke: Operator, we still have a couple of questions in the queue. And I would like to see us take both of them, if we can, please.
Joc O'Rourke: With that, I think we've well and truly used up our hour. So I would like to conclude our call by reiterating a couple of key points. This has been a very strong quarter to cap off a year of accelerating momentum for Mosaic. We are demonstrating the earnings leverage that we've created through business transformation across the company and we are well positioned to create meaningful value in 2019 and beyond. Thank you for joining the call and thank you for your continued interest in Mosaic. Have a great day.
Karen Swager: Jeremy, see, it looks like the prices take a negative turn almost every winter season, as we've noted before. This year's price declines occurred a little bit later than usual, as Joc said, but they were more significant for a couple of reasons. We had that disappointing fall application season in North America due to weather although we had shipped a normal amount of product into the system and that resulted in the North American distribution channel, that is really quite full. On top of that, we received an excessive level of imports into the U.S. River System and so there's quite a bit of product available for spring. We do think that you'll see this normalize through first half of '19, but potentially not in the first quarter. Demand is strong and we think that at least 80% of what was not applied in the fall will get applied in the spring. So we're anticipating really strong shipments for spring season. And as long as we get normal weather and can avoid any logistics hang-ups with that big of a season, we believe we should see a recovery by the end of the second quarter.
Karen Swager: Yes, absolutely. I think that's another good point for first quarter. So we have seen our industry benchmark stripping margin, which you've heard us talk about before, is down. Our actual margins that are anticipated in the first quarter that we've guided to are a little bit more negatively impacted and that's due to the raw materials. Given the level of inventories in the system, it will take a little bit longer for these raw material price decreases to work through the system and impact overall margins.
Karen Swager: Yes, we signed an MOU with Sinochem organization this fall. And there are no specific volumes stated, we do believe that there will be future opportunities for rock imports into China given the rationalization of the rock mining that is starting to occur as we said about 25% to 30% rock production has decreased in China and over time, some of that rock maybe replaced at plants that are not relocated or closed in the future. So that's the intent of that agreement, but there are no specific volumes listed for 2019.
Karen Swager: I think the situation that Joc summarized is valid. There is a little bit more phosphate inventory potentially in the hands of distributors and a little bit more the potash inventory in hands of the producers. Both nutrients though suffered the same impact from the fall - disappointing fall application season. And so it's more of an issue of in whose hands that inventory is held. Overall, globally, I think we have probably seen most of the price impact that we're going to see happen on the phosphate side because we're seeing some turnaround in some of the things such as production curtailments or shutdowns in Australia, Mexico, China helping phosphates and on the potash side, I think you've got less of a global buildup in inventories outside of North America. On the second part of the question on North American K shipments, I'm going to turn it over to Andy.
Karen Swager: Joc addressed the growth opportunities potentially debottlenecking to try and get that capacity expanded beyond the 3.5 million tonne capacity today. The other thing that we can do to get beyond the levels we're at is talk about impacting the seasonality for this product, and so we are working on a number of things, moving products into our distribution systems, into storage space to be able to spread out that production and help overcome that seasonality factor and potentially get that operating rate up all the way to its capacity, and then looking at the incremental debottlenecking opportunities. Past the patent expiration, we're continuing to see strong demand and growth in these products and so while patent expiration might be coming up, we still see margins being maintained, price premium being maintained because of the long successful track record of this product. And so we haven't had any margin deterioration, for example.
Clint Freeland: You know, first, as you noted, I think we expect to generate a significant amount of cash this year based on our guidance, we pegged that at $1.26 billion to $1.46 billion of allocable cash - excuse me, and based on kind of what we've outlined between the dividend in K3 and other things, we've allocated about 40% of that leaving about 60% of that cash available for allocation later in the year. I would note though that given the seasonality of our business and how we expect things to play out that the vast majority of that cash would be generated in the second half of this year. So I think we certainly want to be measured in the timing of decisions, but - of actually deploying that cash. But as we've talked about in the past, I think what we want to do is to execute a balanced capital allocation program, very similar to what Joc just said, where we continue to put downward pressure on our debt levels over time. We invest in high risk-adjusted return opportunities as they present themselves. But then also continue to return capital to shareholders and the dividend increase this morning is again just the first step in that. As we think about dividend share buybacks and M&A, you know one of the things that I think we always need to keep top of mind is particularly around M&A versus share buybacks is that we need to be sure that any type of M&A investment beats the share buyback, and we need to be sure that we always have that tension in that analytical approach. So I would say, as we think about returning capital to shareholders, there are obviously different options that are available, we'll continue to evaluate that, and then again as we look at any type of M&A, we also want to be sure that that's a better alternative for us than buying back shares.
Clint Freeland: I think as we look at it, that $5 a tonne, we're not forecasting any of that to come into first quarter. Just to give you a flavor for kind of what makes that up. We look at - we have kind of this category that we call other sales, but it's a little bit of sulfuric acid, a little bit of extra ammonia, and some scrap, kind of things that are kind of in the ordinary course relatively small, but we saw that in the fourth quarter, we also had some insurance proceeds that came back to us for the sulfur enterprise work, we had previously had some, some expense associated with some fire damage that did run through gross margin per tonne in the previous quarter, we got a little bit of insurance proceeds back in the fourth quarter. So again, that wouldn't reoccur. And so there are a couple of - just a handful of kind of small things that happened in the ordinary course of business, but we really would not expect them to flow through to Q1.
Clint Freeland: Well, John, I think, excuse me - I think the thing to keep an eye on is really the earnings mix in 2019. One of the things that drove the volatility in 2018 was not only the earnings mix between Brazil, Canada, and the U.S., but was also some of the adjustments around our valuation allowances, you know, as we became more profitable, particularly in North America, we were able to use more of the foreign tax credits than we expected and so we had to keep changing some of the valuation allowance levels. The valuation allowance for the general basket of those foreign tax credits has now been fully reversed. So I wouldn't expect that to create any volatility in '19. So I think going forward, the thing to watch really is the mix of earnings between Brazil, U.S., and Canada.
Andy Jung: Thank you, Mike. So it's fairly broad-based across Asia, there are a few pockets of weather concern, but by and large expectations are for a fairly normal monsoon season throughout Australasia. So you - looking across or going down the list, Thailand, Vietnam, Indonesia, Malaysia, especially with the recent - rebound in palm oil pricing, so we are fairly confident that Other Asia, which has really shown, albeit from a relatively smaller base than some of the big countries in Asia, has shown very strong growth over the last several years and that growth will continue into '20 - or through 2019, also assisted by a relatively low carrying inventory levels in that region.
Andy Jung: Well, we've stated before that we are certainly more Americas focused with our asset base that's located in the Americas and we took the decision several years ago to move away from supplying our Indian distribution business out of Florida and primarily serving it with MWSPC tonnes out of Saudi Arabia and we would expect that that pattern will persist. In terms of new production capability in the phosphate space, one would expect that OCP and Ma'aden or derivation of joint ventures in Saudi Arabia will meet much of future demand growth and you won't see new capacity out of North America in particular. So servicing global demand in the Asian region is most definitely going to be serviced from North Africa and the Middle East.
Andy Jung: For North American potash shipments, frankly, we'd see the market as pretty flat, while we show a small decline, that's within the margin for error in our shipment forecast. We expect on-farm demand to remain robust, corn acres likely will be higher, 92 million acres is our current point estimate. So I would look at it more as a flat demand in North America.
