James C. O'Rourke: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. It's been just three weeks since our Analyst Day in New York, where we focused on our medium and long-term outlook. So, today, we'll focus on the quarter and the near-term. Rich Mack and I will keep our prepared remarks brief and then take your questions. Potash and phosphate prices continue to recover during the quarter, as global demand remained strong. Our earnings do not yet fully reflect these dynamics for a number of reasons. But we expect market improvements and more reliable operating performance to drive higher earnings in the second quarter and in the second half of the year. Our quarterly results were disappointing and fell short of our expectations because of several operational items. Rich will provide more detail on this shortly. Despite the lower earnings, we continue to make progress on our priorities. I have three key takeaways for today's earnings call. First, we are continuing to manage our costs and capital carefully. Second, markets have moved upwards even if the pace of recovery has not been linear. And third, we have taken necessary and bold actions to position Mosaic to capitalize on better business conditions. For the first quarter, Mosaic reported a breakeven earnings per share on $1.6 billion in net sales. Looking ahead, we expect improvements in our business unit and consolidated margin rate driving strong earnings in the second quarter. Our work to reduce cost continues to provide meaningful benefits. We are ahead of schedule on our 2018 goal to reduce costs by $500 million and we are well on our way to achieving the additional $75 million savings target that we announced a year ago. You can see the progress in our SG&A expenses and in cash production costs, with potash costs remaining near 10-year low in spite of a mechanical issue at one of our Esterhazy shafts. In fact, total MOP cash cost per tonne for the quarter were $86 including $11 per tonne of expenses relating to the skip failure we had last month and $20 a tonne of brine management expense. I want to emphasize two points on our expense reduction work. First, we're taking out costs across Mosaic in every business unit and support function. That requires innovative thinking from our employees every day, how to make processes more efficient without sacrificing safety, and they are delivering. And second, we are not going to take our eye off the ball as markets improved. We understand that being a low-cost producer is critical in this industry across the cycle. In addition, our focus for the remainder of 2017 will be on integration planning for the upcoming Vale Fertilizantes transaction. As we said on our Analyst Day, we will continue to look for value-creation opportunities in the medium term, but first things first. We are giving the Vale Fertilizantes transaction a great deal of thought and attention so that it can achieve our strategic objectives. Little has changed in the market environment since our Analyst Day, so I won't go through all of that in detail. Global demand remained strong, and we have narrowed our expected global shipments to the upper end of the ranges. I wanted to address one issue that is getting a lot of attention these days, Chinese phosphate exports. With economic and environmental pressures mounting on Chinese producers, we expect their exports to fall to somewhere around 8 million tonnes. The recently released March export figures show a modest increase in Q1 exports compared to last year. First quarter represents a small percentage of the yearly cadence of exports, and we continue to expect year-over-year declines for the remainder of the year. Overall, while this quarter included some noise, Mosaic continues to make good progress, and the markets are giving us some momentum. We are executing our strategy and managing cost and capital. And we are in excellent position to thrive as markets continue to improve. With that, I will turn the call over to Rich Mack.
James C. O'Rourke: Thanks, Vincent. As you ask this of Rich, I'll hand it straight over to him to answer. Go ahead, Rich.
James C. O'Rourke: So, I guess the summary of that, Jonas, just to answer the question, the Q2 impact, we don't assume a whole bunch of Chinese product in our Q2 guidance. And as they come out and don't settle, like, I guess, it will make a small impact but pretty minor.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay, Don. I'm going to hand this one straight to Corrine to talk about the potash customers and their actions as we go into the middle of the year, and then I'll hand it to Rich who has the handle on the CF contract.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay, Andrew. I'm going to hand this straight over to Corrine and Mike Rahm to give you some answers here. But I will say it at the out-front. I'm not sure I fully understand your DAP price question, but I assume what you're probably seeing is the lag between when we actually book a sale and what you see as spot prices. And then the other one is the mix of products that we sell on an ongoing basis. And so, as the mix changes, so does the average of the prices. But I'll leave it over to Corrine to answer that first guidance question.
James C. O'Rourke: I'm going to hand this to Rich right away. But let me take a general comment on our depreciation method and the change. Clearly, and this came up quite a bit last year. When you have assets that you shut down for a period of time, you're not reflecting the real rate of decline of the asset if you don't match your production rate with the depreciation rate. So, if you do a straight-line depreciation, it does not match well with the type of wear and tear that our actual equipment is exposed to. Whereas if you run with depreciation according to units of production, you more closely align with what actually is happening. So, that's the underlying reason for it. Rich, I'm going to give it to you to give the details, but.
James C. O'Rourke: Thank you, John. In terms of the Chinese exports, let me start by saying there, I mean, there is obviously seasonality to that. And the first quarter is historically a very low quarter. Mike Rahm has the details on how he sees that playing out through the year. So, I'm going to give it to him to talk about the seasonality, if you will.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay. Thank you, Steve. Look, let me take the 90-10 question first. I think the question as you ask it, so the big opportunity for us with Miski Mayo is not to replace Florida rock, but to supplement Florida rock, which allows us to have, as you say, a blend, which gives different sets of impurities. But also allows us to extend the life of our Florida operation. Now, as we go forward, one of the benefits of the Vale Fertilizantes acquisition is the increased ownership of Miski Mayo. So, we could – suggested, we could probably double the amount of Miski Mayo rock that we bring to either Florida or Louisiana in the next couple of years based on the Vale Fertilizantes acquisition. So, long term, what's the benefit? It really doesn't make a huge difference between costs from Miski Mayo, although we pay a, what I would call, transfer price, and then the earnings come in equity earnings. So, it's a little bit different because of being a joint venture. In terms of brine inflow, our costs in brine inflow have been relatively constant now for probably a year, and we expect those to stay relatively constant going forward. Are we still grouting? Yes. Do we still have a long-term focus there? Yes. That will change probably somewhere around 2018, 2019 as we are able to take more risks on that. And I don't think we need to – that's good.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay. I think that might take us a couple of seconds to drag up here, Howie, because that's fairly technical.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay. With that, I think we're about ready to close. No more questions. What I just want to end the call with, though, is to say we have to be careful to separate the operational issues with the market. In the market, we have to separate seasonal slowness in the first quarter with the long-term up-cycle that we're starting to see in overall. So, to conclude the call, I just want to reiterate our key points. While our results for the first quarter did not meet our expectations, we've moved past the operational issues we encountered. Our cost and capital continues to be well controlled, and we are building considerable leverage to deliver shareholder value as the market improves. We expect to deliver stronger performance in the second quarter and the remainder of this year as we focus on integration of our Vale Fertilizantes acquisition. Again, thank you for joining us today and have a great day.
Richard L. Mack: Yeah. Vincent, I think that absent some of the issues that we saw in Louisiana, we probably would have had a couple of percentage point improvement to gross margin. As we look forward to the second quarter, our guidance for the gross margin rate of approximately 10% does take into account some of the additional costs that we will incur in the second quarter related to that same issue. And then going forward, we do see an improving market environment on a gradual basis on the pricing side and, hopefully, some tapering off of the recent run-up in raw material costs. And so, as we look towards the second half of the year, I think 10% in the second quarter or something hopefully a little bit better than that in the second half is what we would be expecting.
Richard L. Mack: Yes. So, Don, just a reminder, this is a producer-type sharing relationship that we have with CF and so there are going to be times where we're going to be in the money and there will be times when we are out of the money. And as Corrine just said, not long ago, ammonia prices were $40, $50 lower than where they are right now. And in that environment, we were probably out of the money relative to what we were going to be paying CF under the contract. But it's a very volatile market and, with that uptick, now, it's closer to parity is what I would say. I think the bigger issue that we want to keep in mind here as well is we just are commissioning a brand new ammonia vessel and tug, and that's been a project that has been long in the works. Those pieces of equipment are in the water in a testing mode right now. And we believe, long-term, that is going to be very beneficial for Mosaic to arbitrage and basically keep down where world ammonia prices go for the betterment of our overall phosphate business. Because as you know, the relationship that we have with CF is only for about 1/3 of our ammonia requirements compared to the additional 1.2 million tonnes that we're still buying in the marketplace.
Richard L. Mack: Sure, P.J. This is a project that has been in the works for a long period of time. Obviously, you can't make a change like this without a lot of work that goes into the analysis. There's no simple one answer to your question because asset categories change and they vary. And we had a comprehensive review of all of our asset classifications and what the estimated useful life was for each of the categories. Some of them changed. Some of them were lengthened. Some of them did not change at all. And so, it really depends on what you're looking at. I would say, when you take a look at how we went about reviewing this and the move to the unit of production methodology, we're probably still far more conservative than some of our peers are in terms of the useful life that we would assign to our assets. And the fact of the matter is, is that we've been through a significant mechanical integrity program over the last several years. We have maintained our assets very well. We are reducing our capital expenditures across the board as you know. And it's our full expectation that we're going to be using these assets for a longer period of time in the future. And that's just some background and color in terms of the depreciation change.
Richard L. Mack: And, Adam, just one. This is Rich. One thing to supplement, keep in mind that these plants, it's not like you turn a key and all of a sudden you're producing 3 million tonnes of product on an annual basis. The modern project will start producing phosphate some time during the second half of 2017. We probably estimate anywhere from 300,000 tonnes to 500,000 tonnes of production this year and then that project will be ramping up for the vast majority of 2018. And so, if you take the first project as any example in terms of how that has progressed, it's going to be a period of time before that is operating at, call it, 85% or higher operating rates.
Richard L. Mack: Silke, the first quarter, we have made the change and you see about $20 million of benefit in terms of reduced depreciation. And in terms of the mix, keep in mind that we had the skip failure, which resulted in some downtime in the potash business in the first quarter and therefore, that's probably why you're seeing more of the benefit on the phosphate side.
Richard L. Mack: Howard, I'm just taking a look at it here. So, in Q1 of 2017, our D&A was $159 million and the same quarter a year ago, it was $184 million. I hope that's responsive to your question.
Corrine D. Ricard: Sure. Just a couple things that I would add, Joc. I think that the inventory levels at the ports are not a lot higher than last year at this time. It's pretty normal levels. We're seeing good purchasing throughout Asia and values are significantly up. And as Joc said, suppliers are not willing to break on the price levels that they're getting in the rest of Asia. And we could see India get ahead of China again this year like they did last year.
Corrine D. Ricard: Sure. Thanks, Joc. For potash buying, we aren't seeing a big impact in the market. Domestic buyers are positioning for a good spring season. It's still pretty wet out there and they haven't gotten started to the full extent for the season. So, we're still seeing good shipments, good demand, and really little pre-positioning or worrying about K+S coming in with big tonnage in the domestic market. In terms of the CF contract, current values today, Rich, I will turn it over to you to add, I would just say that the spike in the ammonia prices today it's pretty close to market value on these contracts. And I'll leave it to Rich to comment further.
Corrine D. Ricard: Sure. So, it is a wet start to spring. It's a little behind where we thought it would be and where we would normally see. We're pleased to see prices holding well at the interior warehouses where we've got potash positioned. Phosphates have been impacted by the barge, excessive barge imports that have happened late. They arrived late. And so, we're seeing a little bit of a price impact there. But up-country, the prices are holding quite a bit better than what you see out of the New Orleans market. And we're looking forward beyond spring season. It looks like good application rates. Beyond spring season really strong demand is still ahead of us with Indian imports going well and Brazilian imports expected to be strong for later in the season.
Corrine D. Ricard: Sure. I suspect Chris that you're referring to some slip in price that we've seen for the Indian imports and there has been a little bit of a price break, although I've been impressed at how well it's held. We're still seeing $365 and admittedly down a little bit from the $370 starting point, but nowhere near the prices that were bid by the Indian buyers earlier when they were issuing these tenders. And so, really relative strength, a couple of dollars off into Central Asia. I think over the longer term as you think about our mix and netbacks, we will, as you see the second Ma'aden project starting up our joint venture, you're going to see our mix won't appear to change what ships out of Florida, maybe not making it all the way to India and quite as a big volumes and we may be taking more of that tonnage out of the Ma'aden joint venture. And so, it'll be a little bit heavier appearance of the tonnage going into Latin America, I suspect, in North America. But we will still be there in the Indian market with other origins of product.
Michael R. Rahm: No, I think the only thing I would add is that we think in terms of margins. And as we get into the second and third quarters, we expect there will be continued relief on raw material costs. So, while DAP prices, the benchmark may be up less than people expect, I think the margin has the potential to increase more with some raw material cost relief. I think the other issue is just the product mix that we talked about, even with MicroEssentials, that's a product that there's greater margin but more moderate prices associated with that, as well as some of the changes that have taken place in the feed market which also has been hurt pretty badly by the big surge of imports recently.
Michael R. Rahm: Sure. Good morning, John. As you can see from the chart, first quarter was up about 22%. But as it indicates, that is a seasonally slow quarter. We do expect that exports will pick up in the second and third quarter, much of that tied to Indian purchases. What I will say is that these numbers come kind of straight from our China team and their assessment of how that pattern plays out. And obviously, what's reflected in that is the expectation that the environmental audits taking place today will have an impact, as will some of the changes taking place in the phosphate industry. So, I would say that, yeah, the seasonality looks a bit different but we do expect that there will be significant changes coming down the road for the rest of 2017.
Michael R. Rahm: Thanks, Joc. Yeah, we've done a lot of work here recently on that. And what we expect exports to drop from 9.5 to 8 million tonnes this year. When we do kind of an import demand versus export supply analysis, and assuming that demand grows about 2% per year, in fact, we assumed that demand will grow about 2.1% per year from the 66.4 million tonnes in 2016, so about 73 million tonnes plus in 2021. And when we boil that down to what's import demand relative to export supply, assume that the Saudis ramp up, the Moroccans ramp up, everyone else ramp runs at normal-type rates, we see a sustainable number out of China still in that 7 million tonne to 8 million tonne range during the next five years. So, that's what our analysis tells us at this point.
Michael R. Rahm: All right. Good morning, Adam. Yeah. Just to follow up on what we said earlier, we do see decent demand growth over the next five years. And just when you do the math, we're projecting about a 7 million tonne plus increase in domestic or in global shipments between 2016 and 2021. When you weight that up against the expected increases in capacity during that period with the third and fourth hubs in Morocco, you have another couple of million tonnes and with the phase two expansion at Ma'aden, you have another roughly 3 million tonnes. And if you assume that you get maybe a little bit more tonnage coming from places like Tunisia and so forth. It looks like a well-balanced situation over the next five years, now – and that goes back to what we said on the previous answer that, we think, China still needs to probably export 7 million to 8 million tonnes. That's not to say that over the next year or so, when some of this new capacity comes on, there may not be some pain or disruptions caused by a big surge of capacity. But over the five-year period, we certainly see a well-balanced situation in the global phosphate market. And frankly, when you look beyond the next five years, you're probably going to hear rumblings of additional hubs getting built in Morocco, additional phases of expansion in Saudi Arabia. And frankly, after 2021, there will be the need for additional capacity coming from somewhere if you expect phosphate demand to continue to grow at a couple of percent per year. So, bottom line, balanced, longer-term outlook in our view with – as new capacity comes on, there will be some pressure likely until the market absorbs some of that.
Michael R. Rahm: Sure. As I said, we think the market probably needs 8 million tonnes or maybe a little bit more coming from China this year. That's what we've baked in, and we think that's consistent with the developments that are taking place in China in terms of the impacts of the environmental audits and some of the changes in industry structure there. As we get into the second half of the year, I think there's a very good demand story unfolding that we think Brazil has big buying needs ahead of us. We think Indian imports are going to be up more than 0.5 million tonnes. Brazil will be importing record volumes. So, we do see a strong pull second half of the year. As Corrine and Joc mentioned, North American season, while a few fits and starts is still going to be a very good season following an outstanding fall application. So, demand is a very good story and the drivers, whether they're the agronomic and economic drivers remain very positive for both phosphate and potash. So, as we get into the second half of the year, if the Chinese export 8 million tonnes, we think that's going to allow margins to move up given the supply and demand dynamics.
Michael R. Rahm: Yeah. Just in terms of their capacity, they're bringing on their third hub now, and they've indicated that their fourth hub will be coming on later this year. I think when you look at their sales mix, they've done a great job in terms of developing the African market. Just looking at their lineup periodically, there are times when well over half of what they're shipping is going to the African market. So, they're developing markets that they're serving. And I think they've indicated that, as time goes on, they expect to capture about half of the growth in global demand, and they are a very formidable, good competitor in this market.
