Jim Prokopanko: Thanks Mike for the extensive review of what is happening in key markets around the world. We find that our in depth, balanced view of market trends is highly valued by our customers, as well as by many investors and is an important input to our financial and strategic decisions.  Its worth mentioning that the work of the recently deceased Nobel Laureate, Dr. Norman Borlaug, is as relevant today as it was when he began his pioneering work back in the 1960’s. The world population will grow by one billion people by 2030.  To meet the needs of a growing and more prosperous population, a second green revolution is needed. And crop nutrients are as much a key component now as they were in the first green revolution  In summary, we are seeing signs of recovery in the global economy that will have a positive impact on the crop nutrient business. Our balanced portfolio on phosphates and potash is advantageous in the current environment when compared to single nutrient companies.  The combination of several factors will trigger how soon we see a full recovery. I am proud of Mosaic’s capacity to adapt to the changing environment as well as our leadership and financial strength while we keep our sights on the long-term, positive outlook for agriculture.  We continue to make significant investments to expand our potash production and are actively exploring avenues to enhance our phosphates operations, and further align our distribution with our production assets.  We are confident this balance approach with two principal nutrients will serve our stakeholders well. Now, we’ll be happy to take your questions. 
Jim Prokopanko: With those two questions, I’m going to ask Larry Stranghoener to address the first question and I’ll follow-up with some comments about the permitting ore reserves or phosphate. 
Jim Prokopanko: I think that phosphate rock price is going to be driven one, by the cost of the rock and two, by the price of phosphates. Once the plant gets, the mine gets built, the product will move at some price. So I think there’s a few moving parts there that prevent me from saying that will cap the price of rock. Its going to largely depend on demand for finished phosphate products. 
Jim Prokopanko: The question what do we know about domestic Chinese potash prices, as I recall they’re in the mid 300’s, is what the farmers are paying. Potash in China is largely consumed in NPK compound blends. Unlike North America where its bought directly, its bought through those that take it and process it.  With the recent high prices in the mind of Chinese producers, higher prices of potash, they’ve reduced the consumption of NPK blends and we’ve seen reduced potash application and farmers have gone to putting more nitrogen and phosphate on.  And I think that’s created and exacerbated an imbalance of nutrients supplied to the field and we’ve now seen the second year where potash applications have dropped materially and we have great doubts as to whether they can afford a third year. So it’s a matter of the markets rebalancing in China and either the grain prices go up, and to prevent grain prices going up, they’re going to have to grow more, and that’s going to require, I believe more potash applied and better balance in the nutrient applications.  So I think there’s some adjustments to go on in China or as we’ve seen this is the first year since 1993 I believe where we’ve seen a reduction in grain production in China. It has to be very concerning for the leadership in China. 
Jim Prokopanko: First I’m going to ask you if you can just clarify that, I’m going to have Rick McLellan, our commercial leader address that. 
Jim Prokopanko: I suppose at the end of the day it is price related but what it, I think fundamentally is a psychological aversion to taking on risk. Where last spring we saw the distribution pipeline, dealers buying three tonnes for every two tonnes of sales, I think now and after with the price corrections to inventories in the marketplace, we’re now seeing dealers that want to have no inventory at the end of the season.  They’re just not, they’re avoiding the chance that there’s some downside. Dealers stuck their neck out last year. Prices dropped and they had to recalibrate to the farmers. This year the dealers want to ensure they have a ready sale at hand before they bring the product in and so I think until there’s some greater confidence and comfort that we are firmly in a phase of recovery that there’s more upside then downside, or at least that the downside is moderate, people aren’t willing to step into the water.  Its just the story in much of the world economy. People are very risk averse given this past drop in commodity financial markets, etc. 
Jim Prokopanko: I think there’s two, you have to look at the two nutrients, phosphate and potash. On phosphate I think there’s an acceptance that look, the price is not likely to go down much lower. Ammonia is at relatively low prices and just above 300. Sulfur is near zero so the input costs aren’t going to go down much more.  That explains part of the comfort with dealers being willing to put phosphate in their warehouses. On the potash we would have thought that India would have set the bottom, that didn’t happen. China deferred and I think left the impression that there could be a further drop. I guess that’s arguable whether, time will tell.  We’ll see if there’s going to be a further drop but I think with North America being the market right ahead of us now, all thoughts and efforts are focused on the harvest and farmers and dealers really haven’t turned their mind to the potash piece.  I’d add also one other item that right now potash, its unnatural in the minds of some farmers and dealers to see potash at a higher price then either nitrogen or phosphates. That’s never been the case. We’ve always seen nitrogen and phosphate above the potash price and I think people just aren’t comfortable with that.  So its, wait and see. The markets will decide what the value of potash is and we don’t think there’s much room to see significant erosion from where it is today so we’re, as a producer, we’re waiting and holding on that China will buy and that will set the base. 
Jim Prokopanko: This is something that comes up every couple of years for the last 30 or 40 years and North America has been, in the case of North America, we’re very fortunate for just and outstanding logistic system and in transportation infrastructure between the railways, highways, and the Mississippi.  Now that said, looking at phosphates, I think dealers we’re well positioned with product in-country as far as dealers having it or us having it in inventory in dealers’ warehouses. Potash is a little tighter. I think that’s where there could be a, where there potentially can be a challenge but the North American fertilizer producers have become very adapted at moving product and we’ve got a great transportation system. So at this point we’re not anticipating any serious dislocations. Abroad, we’re seeing it takes much longer to organize and oversee shipment and we’re seeing that in countries like India, that is quite intent on having product shipments, some of them moved up and timely deliveries and so it’s a little tougher and we need a little longer-term planning, but its working out.  We’re not calling for any problems.  
Jim Prokopanko: Well it would take 10 days, we’ve got product in Regina, so its about 10 days to ship from Regina to Vancouver. You’re going to have to get organized and assemble those cars and have it [rating] so that’s another maybe 20 days, so 30 days.  And then you have a couple of days shipment, and its going to take probably three months. So I think to have it into the interior of China, for April 1, you’re going to have to have that shipped some time in January.  Our estimate is that there’s about, call it two, just a bit less then two million tonnes of potash in-country in China right now so that’s a bit of a buffer, but you’re getting to a point that the Chinese are going to have to start bringing product in I’d say no later then January. Shipments will have to get underway given the current stock situation. 
Jim Prokopanko: I don’t understand how the rock is triple the operating cost. The rock cost has been fairly stable. Our cost of mining and delivering the rock to the plants, that hasn’t changed depreciably. And its still leaving a positive earnings and a positive cash flow for producing the product so we are, you’re right, we’re selling about as much as we did a year ago and the prices are down, so our earnings are down. 
Jim Prokopanko: Well, it’s a situation where we do not expect to make the kind of earnings we did last year every quarter. This is a business that is cyclical and that there’s ups and there’s downs and our task and what we look to accomplish is to achieve a good return on through cycle economics and we’re not going to turn the facilities off because of a weaker then what our best year has been.  So its just through cycle economics we continue to serve our customers, continue to produce product and enhance the efficiencies of our facilities. 
Jim Prokopanko: I think the science hasn’t changed. Crops grown, take nutrients out of the soil and I think farmers are very well informed and astute in terms of what, the health and the agronomic condition of their soils and I think they say the high prices, they saw some declining grain prices, and they decided to just rely on the reserves of the potash and for that matter the phosphate that’s in the soil.  These are nutrients that have a residual effect in the soil and there’s residual amounts left after the first year of application. Farmers know that, and they said this is a year to cut back and they did. I don’t think that’s a sustainable strategy, depending on the nutrient reserves in a field. Some farmers can afford to do it for one, some can do it for two, some can do it for three. But eventually, like your car, you can run on a quarter of a tank, an eighth of a tank, and fumes for a period, but then you run out. And farmers know that they can run out of nutrients and they won’t let it go too far.  So I think they’re being good business people, moderating their inputs and they will apply what’s necessary to grow a good crop. 
Jim Prokopanko: With that we’ll conclude our Q&A session. I’d like to remind you that we continue to have a great deal of confidence in the long-term outlook for our business. The need to produce more food has not abated. The world is not getting less hungry.  Mosaic is playing a significant role to meet this demand and is well positioned to create value for our shareholders and customers for the years to come. Thank you very much and have a great day all.
Larry Stranghoener: The answer lies in the difference between unrealized and realized gains. We noted the unrealized gains and losses in the press release. The realized gains we just include as part of cost of goods sold and I think its best just to handle the details on that offline after the call. 
Larry Stranghoener: Resource taxes will be down this year versus last year, probably in the mid $200 range, $250 to $300 million versus something in the low $400 last year. And that’s a function of course of all the different things that go into the resource tax calculation; volume, profits, prices, as well as the super depreciation deduction we get for capital spending.  The potash cost trends that you’re seeing are a function, a continuing function of just very low production volumes and when we’re operating at such low volumes, our unit costs are high and items that wouldn’t normally even be material in terms of explaining quarter over quarter changes, become more material.  So labor costs were up a little bit, water management costs were up a little bit, other items such as that explain the cost per tonne increase versus the fourth quarter. 
Larry Stranghoener: Yes, that’s exactly right. All of our interaction with Canpotex is through the selling price and so their own overhead issues come to us through a price adjustment and so you’re exactly right. 
Larry Stranghoener: As you might know, every quarter we need to project full year taxes and then apply that tax rate to the current quarter and so its just the interplay of expected pre-tax income and the deductions we expect that leads to that lower tax rate. There’s nothing unusual about the item at all. Its simply that explanation.  As you might know our depletion benefit is our single biggest tax benefit that we get and so what we see is a function of the depletion benefit playing out against expected pre-tax income and that’s what drives the rate more then anything else. 
Edlain Rodriguez - Broadpoint Gleacher: I have a quick question on China, can you talk about the latest you have on domestic potash prices. I’m just trying to understand a typical relationship between domestic prices and imports. 
Edlain Rodriguez - Broadpoint Gleacher: Second question, just trying to understand the impact of the mix shift in your potash business, can you give us some color regarding the price differential between ag and non-ag volumes. ]
Edlain Rodriguez - Broadpoint Gleacher: Just trying to understand the impact of the mix shift in potash because I think you mentioned that non-ag was a bigger proportion of the mix, just trying to understand like what’s the price differential between ag and non-ag volumes.  
Rick McLellan: Thanks for the question, I’ll answer it in two ways. One, the percentage of industrial tonnes that we shipped are non-ag tonnes this quarter were about 20% of our total business. The second is we have as far as pricing goes, we don’t talk about pricing for industrial alone because we have some long-term contracts that don’t allow us to do it.  But those long-term contracts are being replaced in the next few years with newer more market driven contracts. So we’ll so those net backs improve. 
Rick McLellan: To answer your question, as we’re seeing the wheat planting in the west get started we’re pleasantly surprised by the activity of phosphates and questions about resupply. So we, it’s the first indication in the marketplace of activity and its probably been a very positive surprise for both ourselves and the dealers. 
Rick McLellan: Yes, in Brazil we’re seeing that same caution from the dealer level of not wanting to be willing to miss a sale verse have inventory in the warehouse at the end of planting season. It is the same there. The economics for sugar, the economics for soybean production and corn [nearby] an export position are still very positive and the demand will come there.  But because people want to manage their inventories down, that’s what’s tempered our outlook for 2009.
Steve Bryne: Couple of financial questions on potash, what do you expect to pay this year, in this fiscal year, in the provincial resource tax, the production tax and it was quite low in this fiscal first quarter but even if you back it out, your unit costs in potash were quite high, about $50 a tonne higher then in the prior two quarters. Can you explain what was driving that. 
Steve Bryne: And when you look at that net back, on the shipments to India that are almost $100 a tonne of what is freight, is some of that just absorbing the fixed costs of Canpotex on low shipments, is that also abnormally higher then normal. 
Steve Bryne: And then just one last one, I know the harvest is just underway in the western corn belt, but in that region are you seeing any indications of some shipments out of your warehouses of P or K in that region for a fall application. 
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: Couple of quick questions, one I think maybe we’re expecting to see a weaker fall season which will pressure the spring season, and so how do you get comfortable, how uncomfortable should your customer base be about deliverability and logistics issues this spring. 
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: If a Chinese farmer wanted a tonne of potash or an NPK mixture in April, when would it actually have to start getting loaded in Saskatoon. 
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: You mentioned the economics in India are quite favorable which includes a very hefty subsidy and there’s been some discussion around a change in the subsidy policy there, can you talk a little bit about what that change might mean for the industry. 
Mike Rahm: That’s a good question and certainly there’s been a lot of talk. I think the direction that planners in India want to go is to make it a nutrient based subsidy so that its not specific to any particular product. They want to make it flexible, they want to fix the cost or liability to the government. So that if international prices go up or down, there would be some consequence to the retail price Indian farmers pay.  And then the third component of that is they want to direct it or pay it to farmers directly. So it’s a very ambitious reform proposal in theory. We think its going to be much more evolutionary in terms of how the policy unfolds.  We would not expect any significant disruption in the near-term due to subsidy policy changes at this point. 
Mike Rahm: Without giving you specific numbers our sense is that for the non-integrated player, at current delivered rock prices and current delivered acid costs, there’s not a whole lot of fun in the business that most of the returns are going to the rock and acid suppliers. Sort of bottom line. I guess we can get into more details offline if you’d like.  But that’s our assessment. 
Mike Rahm: Those have increased. I think in terms of some of the recent monthly production numbers, they have been up substantially from a year ago when there were [phos acid] pricing drawn out pricing negotiations and so forth. I think our assessment is that we expect DAP fabrication in India probably to be up a good 20%, 25% this year.  That said, one of the things we’re seeing is with the settlement of the Indian potash contract, they are producing more NPK’s and less DAP so we expect that DAP production in India, it probably will taper off a little bit from the peak level that we’ve seen earlier this summer. 
Mike Rahm: The additional comment that I would have is that the movement to Brazil has been in kind a trickle as opposed to a rush that I think a lot of people expected, so they have imported phosphates and potash and they’ve also worked down stocks we think to very low levels, especially in the case of potash.  We think they will be absolutely empty at the end of this application season. 
Mike Rahm: That’s a tough question, we certainly follow all of these projects very closely. In terms of our longer-term analysis, I think you’re correct that we have, we think very few greenfield projects will be on stream by the end of the next decade and most of the additional capacity that’s going to come on is based on brownfield expansions.  We have not dramatically altered our expectation, at least at this point, in terms of the timing and start-up of most of those. So we have not identified any dramatic delays or push-backs at this point. Its not to say that it couldn’t happen over the next six months to a year. But at this point we haven’t changed our views. 
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research: Thanks for the color this morning on the call, a couple of questions for you. I guess just taking a look back at kind of the [phos acid] markets and it looks like we had a couple of months where the price sort of inched up, and then this month sort of the price went a little bit sideways. I’m just trying to figure out the competitiveness of the non-integrated competitors right now. Could you talk about what the economics look like for an integrated producer versus a non-integrated producer right now. 
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research: So then is it fair to say then that maybe, or give us a guess as to what the operating rates look like, let’s say in India right now among non-integrated players right now. 
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research: One last question as it relates to Brazil and it sounds like maybe you got a little bit more cautious in terms of your second half outlook for 2009, I’m referring to here on Brazil, is there any update on where that is and why things may have slowed down. It looks like the sugar farmer returns look pretty good and soybeans there’s some currency issues, and the prices rolled over but, is it a function of that or is it just more that the dealers don’t want to restock sort of similar to what’s happening in the US and that sort of [P&K]. 
Jeff Zekaukas - JPMorgan: I have two short questions, the first is your tax rate is down, why is that, it was going to be in the low 30’s and now its in the high 20’s.
Jeff Zekaukas - JPMorgan: Maybe I’ll follow-up on that afterwards. Secondly, you sold about a little less then two million tonnes of DAP this quarter which is sort of what you did in the first quarter of last year, and last year you made a little less then a billion dollars and this year you made $60 million in the first quarter and I would imagine the value of the rock that went into selling those two million tonnes was probably triple the operating income you made. So how long are you willing to sell this level of tonnage at these returns or are these returns and these tonnages acceptable to you. 
Jeff Zekaukas - JPMorgan: I guess what I meant to say is you need a couple of million tonnes of rock and you’re only getting $60 million for that. 
