James C. O'Rourke: Thank you, Rich. At Mosaic, we are focused on what we can control. And we are executing during what we view to be the bottom of the cycle. We are reducing operating and capital spending, optimizing our portfolio, and using our balance sheet strength to ensure our resilience now and into the better price environment that we are sure will come. We are not losing sight of the long term. We are executing all the good strategic moves we've made since 2013, driving innovation across the company and looking for opportunities to take advantage of our relative strength. The long term remains compelling for agriculture, crop nutrient and for Mosaic. Demand for our products continues to rise with the population and its never-ending demand for food. We intend to meet that demand by managing this company prudently, regardless of the market environment. Many of Mosaic's leadership team have lived through four or more agricultural commodity cycles, spanning back to the mid-1980s. We have the experience to manage through this cyclicality and to recognize the opportunities that it presents. Now, we will take your questions.
James C. O'Rourke: So, what that means, Andrew, in terms of margin, is, yes, we expect some price improvement. We certainly expect the raw material inputs will benefit from that as they fall through our products. And just as importantly, you've seen our operating costs that we've really have worked hard to reduce and as operating rates go back to more normal rates as this demand picks up, our costs will further decline. So, we expect to see, as we said earlier, pretty normal margin rates in the second half.
James C. O'Rourke: Yeah, I guess, at this stage, as you're aware, Canpotex – sorry, Vincent, welcome. At this stage, as you're aware, Canpotex doesn't ship a lot into Europe, although we do ship into Europe. I guess probably today, our disadvantage from a freight perspective probably makes Europe a less attractive market. And if you think about the markets as what goes to one place offsets somewhere else, we're focusing on the areas where we can compete the best. I'm going to let Rick just give a little more color, if he likes, to that.
James C. O'Rourke: Well, good morning, Jacob. Welcome. Thank you for the question. Certainly, when we talk about asset rationalization, we're talking about across our global footprint. We've proven before that we can optimize our costs in some time. In terms of K3, we continue to drive K3 at an accelerated rate. Although we've reduced capital this year, we have done nothing to impact the critical path of K3. And certainly in early next decade, we'll fully understand where the market is for that, and we'll be making decisions on K3 based on those market conditions at the time. So, we continue to match our production and sales with global demand, and we'll rationalize our assets to satisfy that demand. Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay. Thanks, Chris. In terms of-- generally, I think I'm going to first just highlight that where the market pricing and over-participation, as you say, has been high, Mosaic has taken the position of actually walking away from those markets where we're not getting what we consider to be acceptable returns. Now, having said that, we are price-takers in the end, and we have to meet market. So in terms of our expectation for phosphate pricing in India, I think the issue there is really about the subsidies and what the retail prices are in India and how that fits in. And for that, I'm going to ask Rick and Mike to just touch on that.
James C. O'Rourke: Hi, Jonas. Good morning. Good to hear your voice. I'm going to hand both of those over to Rich Mack. I think the first question is really about the math and existing market rates. And then, the second question I think as a board member of Ma'aden, Rich can probably give you the most color.
James C. O'Rourke: Hi. Good morning, Joel. Thanks. I'm going to just hand this straight over to Rick. This question's come up before and I think we need to probably nip it.
James C. O'Rourke: Thanks, Ben. Most of this I'm just going to hand over to Mike, who really spends a lot of time analyzing this market very carefully. And I think, though, I will say in general our expectations. And I think if you read the major analyst companies, their expectation is Chinese capacity over time will remain flat and will possibly shrink. So, that's basically what's in our plan. But I think to give better detailing, I'm going to hand it straight to Mike.
James C. O'Rourke: And one other point, Jeff. I just want to make, this discipline means we're going to be just as happy to walk away from things if we can't get them at a price that we believe adds real value to our shareholders.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay, Dan. Thanks a lot. Let me start with the $500 million. The $500 million program was a five-year program to take out reoccurring costs over that timeframe. We announced that three years ago. And I would say we are certainly on track for it, and probably a little bit ahead of track. We still have some areas where we think we can get some further reductions in both G&A and operating costs, but you can see in our results that a good chunk of that is flowing through our results today, as you're well aware. I mean, our Potash costs are flat, despite a 16% reduction in our operating rates. Our Phosphate conversion costs are lower, despite a significantly lower operating rate. And we've held our phosphate raw costs flat for several years. And all this is part of that program. You can see our SG&A costs this year down 10%. So, overall, you can see the results as they flow through, but we still have some cost left to come. But it's going very well. In terms of the sulfur melter, that sulfur melter is now running. Where that will probably have the biggest impact, and you've seen the sulfur prices in the Gulf come down recently. I think what it's done is it's forced the trade flow to go to what makes the best sense. And so what we will see in terms of costs is probably not a significant decrease, but what we will see is the center Gulf liquid sulfur market going down to trading at a discount to solid sulfur again, as it has five, 10 years ago.
James C. O'Rourke: All right. Thanks. Lot of questions, I'm going to hand it straight to Mike to go through this. We want to get through everybody's questions.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay. Look, let me start by saying, and I'm reiterating a point I think we've made a number times, which is we don't see the market as really being all that out of balance. You have a weak market today because of cyclicality. You've also had the impact of seasonality. And the two have combined to create a situation that's pretty difficult for that market. That being said, we believe once the normal flow starts, i.e., once the Chinese contract is in place, once India starts buying and they get a contract in place, the demand gets sopped up pretty darn quickly, and that everybody goes back to more normal operating rates. So, when you ask the long-term, our expectations are Canpotex and Mosaic will continue to match global demand with our available production, as we have in the first quarter. And that we don't see any reason for that to change at this point.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay. There's three there. Thanks, Sandy. There's three there. I'm going to try and get all three. First of all, MicroEssentials, our limit to selling MicroEssentials so far has been our production capacity. We have just completed a $225 million increase in capacity at our New Wales plant, which will give us the capacity to produce 3.5 million tonnes. As per the earlier question about the economics of buying fertilizer, we believe the economics of using MicroEssentials is better than it's ever been because of the challenging market, not despite the challenging market. So, I would say, first of all, we expect the careful producer will be doing everything they can to increase yield per acre, which includes using the best quality premium products, which would be like our MicroEssentials product or our K-Mag or any of those products that tend to bring on better yield. In terms of P2O5 to India, I'm going throw that straight over to Rick.
James C. O'Rourke: And I'll just quickly touch on the OCP. Obviously, we don't have any information that you don't have that's been publicly stated, but OCP has publicly stated that they will contribute, I believe, half the world's growth by their granulation growth. So, I'm assuming that is exactly what they'll do. We have time for one last question on the thing here. So, let's keep moving.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay. With that, I'd like to close off. And let me just make a couple of closing comments. I know there's at least one other company reporting today, so we don't want to cut into their time. Look, we fully expect the markets to strengthen as the year progresses. With that said, year-to-date, our production rates are down, consistent with our intention to balance production with sales and global demand. I want to highlight some positive steps, though, that we've taken to reduce our spending, so that Mosaic can weather this current environment and thrive across the cycle. We've held our production costs flat year-over-year in Potash, despite a 16% reduction in our operating rate. This represents good cost management, as well as some currency benefits. I want to point out our brine inflow cost, while somewhat dependent on Mother Nature, these are down by $70 million to $90 million from the peak, largely due to good cost control, good technology application and some currency benefits. In Phosphates, we've driven our conversion cost lower, despite a significant lower operating rate. And we've held the cash costs of our mining operations flat over several years. We attribute both of those to good cost management. We've reduced our annual capital spending expectations this year by $200 million plus deferred almost $100 million in spending for Ma'aden. Our SG&A costs are down 10% year-over-year, as lower incentives are driven by our performance. And our performance reflect the challenging market environment. And we've lowered our full-year SG&A guidance. This clearly demonstrates the benefits of our work to continue to be the low-cost producer in potash and phosphates. So, with that, I want to conclude our call by reiterating our key messages. We have the operating flexibility and balance sheet we need to weather to current market environment. We fully expect the markets to improve in the second half of this year. And we understand and are prepared for the cyclical nature of this business. The long-term remains very promising, and we manage this company for long-term success. Thank you for joining the call. Have a great day. Thank you.
Mike Rahm: All right, thanks, Joc, and good morning, Andrew. Yeah. We have not changed our view on phosphate demand. We actually nudged up our point estimate for global shipments to about 65.6 million tonnes, and we narrowed our range from 65 million to 67 million to 65 million to 66 million. If you look around the globe at some of the key markets, several positive developments there. In the case of India, I think there's a growing optimism, as far as demand prospects due to a forecast for an above-normal monsoon. You've had some strengthening of the rupee. And we have a very workable subsidy scheme that was introduced at the beginning of their fiscal year. When you look at a country like Brazil, local currency prices of key commodities like oils, like soybeans, sugar, coffee, are at near all-time highs. We think that underpins very good demand. You look at the fact that there's been an early release of more credit. So, farmers have greater flexibility. The product is moving to the farm, so a lot of positive developments that make us optimistic for second half demand.
Mike Rahm: Sure. Good morning, Ben. I guess several components to that question. Let's talk about the export numbers first. According to Chinese Customs Statistics, first quarter exports were down about 560,000 tonnes from a year ago. We think that that will continue in the last three quarters of the year. And our last estimate from our Chinese team indicates that we believe that Chinese exports will be down about 2 million tonnes for the year, from the record 11.7 million last year to about 9.6 million tonnes this year. As you know, the Chinese have stopped building phosphate plants after this dramatic expansion over the past 10 years. And, as Joc mentioned, we think that there will be some restructuring that takes place in what's a very heterogeneous industry there. And that over time, exports probably will stabilize somewhere in that 7 million to 8 million tonne range. There is an analog, if you looked at what happened on the nitrogen side of the business. I think 2015 was the first year where closures of ammonia capacity exceeded increases in capacity. And so, capacity in China can decline. And we think that over the next five years, you will see a significant restructuring and China becomes certainly a large, but a more stable player in our market.
Mike Rahm: The other thing -- if you just look at North American shipments of potash and phosphate, I mean, they have been remarkably constant for about the last five years or since the financial crisis, and both of them right in that 9 million metric tonnes. So, while there might be front page stories in The Wall Street Journal about the difficulty of Farmer Jones in Decatur, Illinois, the proof is in the pudding as far as the actual shipments, and they've been very, very constant.
Richard N. McLellan: Yeah, good morning, Vincent. Canpotex ships into Europe today mostly to industrial accounts that need white potash, and that ends up being a very good market. And I think Joc hit it. When we look at the freight grid, we're much better off going to other markets than we are going into Europe.
Richard N. McLellan: Yeah, good morning, Don. In Asia, the two big markets there, India and China, have been contract markets. And I think Joc did a good job of portraying it. There probably needs to be some changes, but right now, when we're in (28:27) the midst of a discussion about that contract for the remainder of the year, it doesn't do any of us any good to speculate on whether we go contract or spot. Your second question on industrial and feed accounts -- those contracts have a lagging pricing formula. And those differences will become less as we get through into the second half of the year.
Richard N. McLellan: Yeah. I think, Mike, you've nailed it on the impact of India and Southeast Asia pricing. I think the good thing to look at is in the near-term, we've seen an uptick in prices into India and into Pakistan, which is a good first step at a time when Indians have deferred buying. So, when they come with full force, we think that creates a different pricing environment. And if I was an Indian buyer, I'd be stepping in and getting some cover at these levels. And as we look at what the impact is on netbacks, Joc talked about it earlier, but we see slight improvement in prices. We see the impact of raw materials in the second half hitting us positively, and we see the fact that with the plants running at more normalized operational rate, we see all those three things positively impacting our margins.
Richard N. McLellan: Yeah. Good morning, Joel, and thanks for your question. As far as our Distribution business, we did step in and buy tonnes outside of – Canpotex is our primary supplier, in fact, our sole supplier, but we did step in during a period where they had less tonnes going to the market and bough some from third parties. That continues into the second quarter. It's not a huge amount of tonnes. And frankly, we've been able to manage through kind of a tightness in the marketplace, so that's first. There was some question of us buying up some tonnes in North America and trying to move them into our own Distribution business taking an arbitrage on the price spreads from the center Gulf to move them into our Brazil business. That, we could not collect up enough to make a vessel truly work, but that arbitrage is there. And if prices remain lower in North America, that would sure lead the opportunity for somebody to play that game.
Richard N. McLellan: Good morning, John. Our expectation is for the contract to get completed with the Chinese during the second quarter. So, if it didn't happen, I think that how we operate would be to match up our production to what we believe the market is going to be. And we'll continue to operate that way.
Richard N. McLellan: Yeah. Good morning. With P2O5, with the acid contract into India, I think there's already been contracts closed into Europe that are at higher levels. I think how the Indian producers think about their phosphoric acid contract is they're producing more NPKs because that allows them to maximize their return from the subsidy. And if you look, in our forecasts, we show less DAP being produced in India, which in turn leads to more imports.
Richard L. Mack: Sure. Thanks, Joc, and good morning, Jonas. With respect to your first question, yes, it is apples-to-apples. And it really goes to, I think it was Don's question earlier and that is, we benefited in the first quarter from some of the industrial and K-Mag sales that are at higher prices compared to where they will be in the second quarter. Recently, we've seen a precipitous decline, for example, in SOP and that results in some recalibrating for K-Mag prices, just to give one example. And then on Ma'aden, what you should assume there is this is basically a timing issue with respect to capital. We would effectively guide exactly as we have in the past and that is ammonia production will start in the fourth quarter of this year. I think we are anticipating somewhere in the vicinity of 300,000 tonnes of ammonia that will be produced out of the Ma'aden joint venture in 2016. Phosphate production will start sometime in the middle part of 2017. Both of those points in time are generally consistent with what we talked about previously. So, think of the deferral in capital in 2016 related to Ma'aden to be something that will be picked up in 2017.
Richard L. Mack: I think you've covered it, Joc. I would just say, Jeff, Mosaic will be disciplined through any process that we undertake. And I think we've noted this before. Mosaic was essentially evolved through acquisitions during the down part of the cycle. And so there certainly are opportunities that come in front of us. I've mentioned before almost any phosphate or potash opportunity will come across our desk. And if the circumstances are right, we have the balance sheet capability to do it. And we definitely will stay disciplined, and we are committed to maintaining an investment grade credit rating.
Richard L. Mack: Yeah. Yonah, I would say that you should just think of what our end goal here is to have about $2.5 billion of total available liquidity, and that can be comprised of either cash on balance sheet or available revolver capacity. And so, at times, that will fluctuate up and down. Today, we still have a very strong cash balance on our balance sheet. And we certainly, we believe with the conservative way in which we have managed our balance sheet in the past, we've got the opportunity to weather any market challenges that might come our way.
