Jeff Sheets: Right. So at the end of this year assuming we continue to progress the rest of our asset sales program. We’re going to have significant cash balances. At the end of the year, we could be approaching nearly $10 billion – in that neighborhood of $10 billion of cash in our balance sheet. As we think through 2014 and 2015, we’re going to be increasing our cash flow, but still at the point where cash from operations is not going to completely cover capital and dividends. In terms of a buyback, I think that is something we’re going to be thinking more about as we get to the point where cash from operations, funds capital and dividends on a go forward basis. Near-term I think we feel like it is important to maintain a significant level of financial flexibility to adequately invest in our capital program and fund our dividend.
Jeff Sheets: Yeah there was some slight growth actually coming in Libya as we increased our ability to process and sell gas there and the overall scheme of things that was 15,000, 16,000 barrels a day. And that of course is in the base on Slide nine. That’s grey base on the graphic in the top of top left hand side of Slide nine.
Jeff Sheets: Just to be precise Paul the Slide nine outlook as Libya included in it Libya just really had to predict what’s...
Jeff Sheets: Well we have lowered our fourth quarter numbers to reflect the assumption that Libya will just be off in the fourth quarter but we have not changed our go forward 2013 and beyond numbers and those all still include Libya.
Jeff Sheets: I don’t know the details of that fall. Generally as we’re bringing on some of these unconventional production, our reserve bookings are still being down on a fairly conservative basis. So you’re finding fairly – you are finding higher DD&A rates on some of the unconventional properties and we will probably see longer term that’s probably the biggest single driver that’s going on there.
Jeff Sheets: The lift timing in general for this quarter were not big factors. So, we didn’t highlight them in the earnings release, the second quarter of Alaska had a favorable impact and the third quarter was relatively small I believe negative impact it was in order of $10 million to $15 million in Alaska where the positive impact in the second quarter I know we mentioned that on our second quarter call that was a much larger number. 
Jeff Sheets: Yeah, that’s right Paul. So in general the overall company impact from timing was relatively small this quarter we had slight negatives in Alaska and some slight positives in other regions but none of them were large enough that we felt like it made since the highlight on this quarter. 
Jeff Sheets: Generally what we’ve looked at; when we think about everything that we’re adding to our portfolio over kind of between now and 2017 that kind of mix has generally low 40s kind of cash margin to it. And it is when you mix that kind of cash margin with what’s really a high-20s is kind of cash market for us right now that you get that kind of growth. I think our views on this really aren’t any different than what we had in the analyst presentation where we actually, if you recall we had a chart there that kind of plotted cash margins and production growth and it kind of pointed to kind of that same what I just said kind of low-40s type number overall. Some things like Malaysia where you get capital recovery for the terms of the TSC in the early parts of the year, you end with some even higher than cash margins as you are giving capital recovery.
Jeff Sheets: I think portfolio of our size you probably expect there’ll always be a little bit of assets sales that are happening that could be smaller assets sales I think that it’s still out there that we talked about on previous calls as whether we choose to do something to do lower our concentration in oil sands and that could be just because of the nature of how large of an asset that is for us even a relatively small change and that could be a fairly significant number. But other than I think the larger asset sales are behind us now and you will see things these be smaller.
Jeff Sheets: So what would cause us to really focus on that as an option is if we saw ANs gas traded some significant ANs oil excuse me traded some significant discount, brent prices which we saw for a short period of time back when WTI brent spreads were very wide and those of course have collapsed quite a bit. Now ANs is back to trading pretty much flat with brent prices. It’s an option that we know it’s out there I can’t say that we’ve thoroughly investigating or are trying to make it happen, we know that we could if that were the case whether or not it happens in the next couple of years it will depend a lot on where ANs pricing sits relative to other periods.
Jeff Sheets: Well I think you will have to see that ANs pricing was probably $5 or so below Brent pricing for it to make sense for us to be thinking of doing that.
Jeff Sheets: Yeah, I don’t think we can comment on any expectations of amount but just as far as process goes we have the initial award which sets out some of the parameters upon which the award is going to be, which the financial award is going to be calculated, we now move – are moving into the more detailed assessment of what exactly what that award is and that’s going to be a process that will take a couple of years to evolve and that’s just something what we are going to continue to update as we can, but it’s a process that we continue to work through. 
Matt Fox: Yeah Doug. We are still very excited and I would say getting more excited about Eagle Ford position and we continue to run a consistent program there, we are running 11 rigs. Our intention is essentially to continue that and we’ll continue to see production growth because of that. What we’ve indicated as we’ve got them remaining about 1800 well locations in the Eagle ford to drill and that’s all based on the assumption that we continue to drill the 80 acre spacing and we have pilot tests underway to determine if that is the right spacing that may ultimately tighten up and there will be more drilling locations. We are also looking other levels in the Eagle Ford and for potential too. So we are still very excited about the Eagle Ford position and then we’re going to see significant growth and very high margin growth from the Eagle Ford for several years to come.
Matt Fox: Yes, so the first part is SB21, the that’s not probably more or less Alaska Production Act that was a significant change as a result of that we will spend more capital in Alaska. There are opportunities for investment – with the change to the fiscal regime competitive and our international portfolio. So we will be doing that. We’ve enhanced a few of those I mentioned few on the call. So we definitely see potential and you’re right we are very well positioned in Alaska to as the largest producer. On the ANs and sales and so we do have the flexibility if we want to exercise to take ANs cargos to Asia and we do have the right to do that. And that will depend on the differential that we’re seeing to Asian prices versus West Coast prices obviously. But it is good to have that flexibility and then as time evolves we will see if this flexibility we need to exercise.
Matt Fox: Yeah, as we had indicated in the beginning of the year Paul that we would be intending to exit the year essentially at the same level as we come into the year and so that growth you see on Slide nine and the exit that we’re moving towards in the fourth quarter here they’re both consistent. Now, there is the complication of exactly what’s going to happen in Libya I mean that’s 50,000 barrels a day of production, it’s not going anywhere and it is still going to be there to produce but it’s really uncertain as to how that will play out over the next several months. But yeah there is both internally consistent yes…
Matt Fox: For the full quarter that’s right. So we show them on that slide, we show them as a light blue color at the top just to give perspective or scale. But we’re assuming in the guidance that we’re giving now for the fourth quarter that Libya won’t come back, it may come back in the fourth quarter but we’re assuming for this guidance that it doesn’t.
Matt Fox: Well the flexibility exist to do that in the Eagle Ford, we focused on a few different things here to establish with a optimum array of development is first thing as we want to make sure that we’re operating efficiently and safely so that that comes in as an important factor and we want to move towards Pad drilling and we want to make sure we don’t get in front of infrastructure constraints. And the Eagle Ford, we want to make sure that we are taking advantage of the learning curve because we’re continuing to see learning curve improvements and want to take advantage of that before we ramp up and we want to get results from the many pilot tests we are running in the Eagle Ford too. So we are making sure whether our investment in capital is efficiently as it can. And these opportunities are not going away so, so we want to – we think that our strategy is the right strategy for us in the Eagle Ford.
Matt Fox: The vast majority is from the conventional production 4,000 or 5,000 barrels a day production from the unconventional just now in the Permian really in the exploration and appraisal phase in the unconventionals. So the vast majority is from our conventional program. And that program is doing great that’s a very high return programs of lots of running room there.  So in the unconventional we’re continuing to evaluate the position that we have and we’re feeling good about that too. 
Matt Fox: So we’re going to see growth in both the rate of growth obviously in the unconventionals will be a lot faster because we are starting from a lower base. But we’re going to see significant growth over the next five years on both the conventional and the unconventional and… 
Matt Fox: Well actually we gave an indication of this, our expectations on the analyst day. So if you go back to the analyst day presentation we had a specific slide on the expectations for growth in the conventionals and the unconventionals in the Permian. So and our view hasn’t changed since then. And we’ll update our view of that in our next analyst day in April. That’s a good go back from that Paul. 
Matt Fox: So for the Niobrara for example with the one rig running there, we feel 11 wells with the 51 production. And we’re very well – I think very well through appraisal program. This is going to run through the end of the 2014. And the end of 2014, we really know the scale and the scope of our Niobrara development and that’s when we’ll make the development decision where the characteristics of that will be. The same really applies in the Permian as well. We’ll go through our test in our portfolio there. Making sure that we understand which of the different perspective horizons, the Avalon, the Bone Springs, the various Wolfcamp horizons are for the right – the potential and the right place to start that development. So let’s see that’s probably on about the same timeline by the end of 2014 we’ll have a really good sense of that’s going to develop and in both of those we’ll give some more guidance in the analyst meet in April.
Matt Fox: It’s going to be a very large scale project because in each of the resource base there. And we think this could be a competitive project with other sources of supply otherwise we wouldn’t be pursuing it. So it’s going to be of pricing of scale I mean it is somewhere between $45 billion and $60 billion of capital. It’s what we expect it is going to cost.
Matt Fox: I am not sure I understand your question, just let me try and answer if that’s not what you are asking.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Let me try and help a little bit so Ekofisk in Norway you get to uplift your capital if you’ve spent on the development. So I’m curious just to know are you going to be paying cash taxes on some of these which are the projects and Norway in particular I guess and will you see an uptick in your deferred tax line I am just thinking about the cash flow as we move forward.
Matt Fox: No I don’t think so my comments on that are sort of very similar to the Eagle Ford. I think we’re running 11 rigs in the Bakken and I think that that’s the right level for now. But one of the beauties of these unconventional plays is that you do have flexibility and it is just a question of making sure that we’re exercising that flexibility at the right time and moving over the right information.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks and just one final one if I can just squeeze it in. Jeff I don’t want to like – I am try and front on the Analyst Day, but I just want to pick up in your comments about APLNG and CapEx peaking. I just wanted to be clear were you talking specifically about 2014, should we be, directionally can you give us any kind of feel is the how the spending should go 2014 over 2013 and 2015 over 2014? I’ll leave it that, thank you.
Matt Fox: I think we would, it’s going to be a fairly short period of time from now where we can talk a lot more precisely about that with you know. We’re in the middle of wrapping up our capital outlook for next. And as Ellen mentioned at the top of the call, we’ll be back to you with that in fairly early December.
Matt Fox: They’re probably a little bit, they’re probably a bit lower than that because of where the taxes are in Norway, they’re probably a little bit, they’re more in the 30s than they are in the 40s.
Matt Fox: No. The project is going well, we are about 50% complete on the upstream part of the project, about 54% complete on the downstream. And we’re tracking really against the milestones that we have outlined for both the downstream and the upstream project and we’re very focused now on getting ready for first production. So we’re staffing up our operating and staff for that but obviously the project is going well again and April will give an update on the status of that but the projects on track and we are pretty happy with where things are going there.
Matt Fox: So the answer is sort of easy both and I would like to increase the plateau size and increase the duration and the opportunity said they exist in our Eagle Ford , Permian and Bakken acreages just going to give us the opportunity to do that. And that is another thing that we’re going to get more guidance on but it potentially exists to do both in those plays.
Matt Fox: No acreage retention issues that we are not able to manage. So we are not going to run in to any issues of losing acreage that we think is prospective, that’s one of the thing, the end points, that is how we organize our drilling schedule in these plays.
Matt Fox: Yeah no I wouldn’t say, no. I mean in fact our development drilling programs and explorations programs in Canada have been reducing costs that they have we actually seen capital efficiency there so and I wouldn’t say that we are seeing that sort of pressure at all in the Duvernay or Montney while the other plays are pursuing up there..
Matt Fox: So our overall decline rate in our base production is about 10% in a year and over the next five years. And then as the production mix changes over those years for example we drill an oil sands and we add APLNG and then the base decline that would tend to mitigate the underlying base decline. In the other hand we are also growing there by drilling unconventional which on the higher end overall decline so our expectation is that 10% underlying base decline rate is probably good buying for the next five years.
Matt Fox: Okay I mean it’s hard to tell. I mean this is going to remain regulatory, I mean weak and maybe Brandon that your assessment is as good as our assessment.Brandon Mei – Tudor Pickering Holt: Okay. And the second question is on the Venezuela ruling What are the next steps in that process and then how should we think about the timing in the amount of the award, because I think at the amount of time of expropriation the PV10 was around $10 billion.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Hi. Good afternoon everyone. I want to squall the analyst meeting party too much if I can just clarify that the page 13, volume guidance for the full year of 2013 in Q4 is consistent, I obviously seem it is with the Slide nine outlook that you have there on the high quality legacy base production. I’m basically trying to get to 2014, 2015 volume number for you guys.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Yeah. Again I don’t want to kind of spoil – talking too much at the analyst meeting. But I guess what I’m trying to push towards is this Slide nine outlook is broadly unchanged even allowing for Libya and can be considered to be your outlook for volumes basically.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Yeah I have got you. Not wanting to be – on page 13 the Libya numbers are just completely excluded from 4Q because I’m thinking continuing with this, it is not in either of those.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: And then I guess just a follow up simply the old questions further to Doug, which is, why don’t you accelerate in the Eagle Ford. Thanks.
