Bill Bullock: Thanks, Ryan. Well, we're certainly off to a good start in 2021. In today's posted materials, there's a summary of highlights from the first quarter, and I'll cover just a few of those items. As we foreshadowed on our March 31 market update, the financial results reflected some one-time contra-related items. Adjusted for these known items, underlying financial performance was very strong. Adjusted earnings were $0.69 per share versus $0.45 per share in the first quarter last year. Production came in at the high end of the range, and all producing segments generated positive earnings in the quarter. As shown in the cash waterfall in the supplemental materials posted on our website, first quarter cash from operations was $2.1 billion and free cash flow was $0.9 billion. These figures include the cash flow impacts related to previously announced contra-related items, which reduced both CFO and free cash flow by about $1 billion. But even with the roughly $1 billion in one-time transaction-related impacts, our CFO of $2.1 billion very nearly covered capital, dividends and buybacks. We returned 46% of CFO to shareholders in the quarter in the form of our ordinary dividend and share repurchases. And we ended the quarter with $7.3 billion of cash and short-term investments. As a reminder, we issued updated first quarter and full-year 2021 guidance for key business drivers on March 31. And today, we provided updated cash and earnings sensitivities. I call your attention to these because our cash flow toward to the upside has improved significantly as a result of the Concho transaction. And in a more constructive price world, we're going to differentially capture the benefit of higher prices, because we're unhedged, we're liquids-weighted, and we have exposure to diverse markets globally. Turning to today's announcements, we view our balance sheet as a strategic asset, just like we do our portfolio of low cost of supply resource and our balance sheet is very strong with top tier leverage due to our low net debt. Now, of course, our cash balances are a component of our net debt. And given that our borrowing costs exceed the returns on our cash, we plan to put some of that incremental cash to work along with future free cash flow to reduce gross debt by $5 billion over the next five years. This will reduce our ongoing interest expense, lower our ongoing free cash flow break-even price, improve return and create greater flexibility on our overall debt structure, all while maintaining our strong leverage position. As part of our program, we may refinance some of our high coupon debt to take advantage of historically low interest rates and facilitate the total quantum of our debt reduction over time. Next, I'll address the Cenovus share monetization plan we announced. As a reminder, we own approximately 10% of Cenovus, which is valued at about $1.6 billion today. The shares were received as part of the consideration for our sale of Canadian assets to Cenovus in 2017, and we've always stated that we did not intend to be a long-term strategic owner of Cenovus shares. Over the years, we've looked at several strategies reducing our position. And we believe the market has responded to the positive steps Cenovus has taken, including its recent commitments to balance sheet strength and operational efficiencies. We intend to begin selling our Cenovus shares in the open market in the second quarter, while simultaneously tendering the proceeds in the ConocoPhillips shares. We will be thoughtful and measured with our sales program, as you would expect, with an intention to fully dispose of our Cenovus position by the end of 2022. We believe this plan to swap Cenovus shares for ConocoPhillips shares aligns well with both our commitment to returning capital to shareholders and to monetize our Cenovus position. Taken together, our planned debt reduction and our planned swap of Cenovus shares for ConocoPhillips shares further strengthen both our balance sheet and our ongoing ability to consistently deliver differential returns of capital to our shareholders, all while lowering our sustaining price. Now I'll turn the call over to Tim for an update on the Lower 48 business.
Bill Bullock: Sure. Good morning, Neil. So as I mentioned, we've always said that we didn't intend to be a long-term holder of the Cenovus shares. And as Ryan mentioned, we've looked at several methods. We did look at block sales, and we considered that. We think the exchange of Cenovus shares for COP shares over time and the open market makes the most sense to us. The voice of discounts associated with open - with block-type transactions. And we think that the market has responded positively due to recent Cenovus announcement, so that the exchange ratio for Cenovus and COP has really come back to a more historic level. So we see this as an opportunity to, one, trade into the COP shares, which we like to upside on; two, monetize an asset on the balance sheet, which we don't think gets a lot of value; and three, give that value back to shareholders.
Bill Bullock: Yeah, sure. Thanks, Ryan. Good morning, Jeanine. So first I just would start with, you know, both heritage Conoco and heritage Concho had really strong balance sheets so does this combined company. And in fact, you know, as we look at this our net debt to CFO consensus it is under one times materially less than our peer group. But what the Concho transaction our gross debts increased from $15 billion to $20 billion. And we have some legacy high coupon debt that's out there on our balance sheet. So we think this is unique opportunity to reduce our ongoing interest and lower ongoing free cash flow breakeven. We think that improves returns, it creates greater flexibility in our debt structure, and all the supports our ability to maintain greater than 30% of returns for our shareholders. When you think about why $5 billion? That certainly over what the natural maturities of our bond ladders would be right now. We've got about $3 billion of bonds, retiring in the next five years. So some of that will be early retirements and you can see us do that with public tenders, open market repurchases or perhaps a combination with refinancing, all that's going to be taking approach that favors flexibility and optionality. And in the case of our $5 billion over five years that is our base case. We think that gives us the ability to moderate the reduction and take advantage of supportive market and conditions, but you may see us accelerate that a bit if the efficiencies in the market allow us to do that earlier. So that's a bit of context on why we're looking at reducing our debt structure, how we got to $5 billion and a bit on the basin [ph].
Bill Bullock: Sure, Roger. This is Bill, I'll take that. Yeah, certainly, as part of our $5 billion debt reduction over five years, I mentioned we've got about $3 billion that's just naturally maturing towers. We are absolutely looking at refinancing a portion of our debt, our purchasing debt in. We like our path to $5 billion, but with a high coupon out there, it's possible to refinance. And I think that will just depend on a couple of factors including the cost of debt retired and reissued and how we decided to approach our debt reduction targets. But certainly, refinancing is a component of the overall debt restructuring and portfolio and it works in combination with considering public tenders or open market repurchases. But you're absolutely right; we could make some steady progress on that just by refinancing some of our high coupon debt.
Tim Leach: Thanks, Bill. We're just a few months into the ConocoPhillips-Concho integration process. And like Ryan and our other leaders, I'm more excited now than ever to tell you about our vision for the company and a great progress we've already made. I'll do a quick recap of the Lower 48 from the first quarter, which was nothing short of historic, not only because of a fast-paced integration activity, but because of Winter Storm Uri. Overall, the storm impacted Lower 48 production by about 50,000 barrels a day for the quarter. However, facility damage from the storm was negligible, and we quickly resumed production in March. It was a heck of a test for our expanded Lower 48 region. They passed with flying colors. Total Lower 48 production for the quarter was 715,000 BOEs per day, which includes 405,000 in the Permian, 187,000 in the Eagle Ford and 86,000 in the Bakken. We exited the first quarter with 15 drilling rigs, 11 in the Permian and four in the Eagle Ford. And we had seven frac spreads, five in the Permian and two in the Eagle Ford. It doesn't get a lot of attention, but I also wanted to mention that during the quarter, we executed several innovative pilots across the Lower 48, including more than 40 twin frac wells, electrification of our frac spreads and additional V5 completions. The point is, while we're executing the base business, we're also combining the experience of both companies by conducting numerous tests that should yield future efficiency gains. My entire Lower 48 organization is excited about the role we can play in making ConocoPhillips, a company that can supply the cheapest, cleanest barrels to the market, successfully navigate the price cycles, achieve the highest level of execution efficiency and continue to lead the industry on the innovation front. From a size and scale perspective, our Lower 48 is clearly differentiated in the industry. With the acquisition of Concho, the Lower 48 grew to be about half of ConocoPhillips production and among the largest domestic producers. We have a high-quality set of assets, with a low cost of supply resource base made up of core positions in the three premier tight oil basins in the world. Our Lower 48 team is focused on capturing the strategic advantages of both Concho and ConocoPhillips to make our operations more efficient and drive down sustaining capital with the primary goal of maximizing our cash generating capacity. We're creating a massive free cash flow machine from our combined business that will contribute toward the company's ability to deliver on its priorities through cycles. All of us recognize that the largest opportunity for value creation is going to come from bringing the best out of both companies and elevating the combined ConocoPhillips to a level unachievable by either company on their own. I'm happy to say that the new organization has embraced this challenge and we are seeing even more opportunity than we had initially expected. I couldn't be more pleased with the quality of people we have working on this, starting with the Lower 48 leadership team, which consists of both heritage ConocoPhillips and Concho leaders. We made it a priority to work closely together and leverage the knowledge base of both very experienced operations. In fact, we continue to see substantial improvements in our well cost. We have our eyes on additional ways to get more for less. Beyond working together to generate the best plan of development and drive efficiencies in our operations, our team is working hard to identify commercial opportunities to improve margins, as well as supply chain opportunities to leverage our global scale and drive down cost. I want to leave you with a strong sense of optimism about what the Lower 48 can deliver. We are fully dedicated to extracting the full value of this deal, and I'm looking forward to providing more detail at our midyear market update. And now, I'll turn the call over to Nick to provide the status of our operations in the rest of the world.
Tim Leach: Yeah, Leo. This is Tim. We were projecting entering the first quarter at a pretty hot rate coming out of last year. And then with the storm slowed the capital down, but didn't really slow too much of production that was coming in from of our carry-on activity. And so I think as Ryan said, you'll see a more steady approach throughout the rest of the year. But yeah, it was an excellent quarter. Everybody is - in all the regions are hitting on all cylinders. I'm really pleased with the performance.
Tim Leach: Well, I mean, we're looking over everything, Neal. So globally and here in the US, I think post the transaction with Concho, we want to make sure that every asset is competitive in the portfolio. And we're not lost on the fact that it's a reasonable market right now for sales. So you'll hear more about that in June.
Nick Olds: Thanks, Tim. While there's clearly a lot going on in our Lower 48 business, we believe ConocoPhillips has a significant advantage over our independent peers because we also have diverse global businesses that generate significant free cash flow. Today, our Alaska and International businesses comprise about 50% of our company's operated 1.5 million barrels per day production. I'll take this opportunity to recap some of the achievements from the first quarter and bring you up to speed on activities we have underway around the globe. So starting in Alaska, I'm pleased to report that Greater Mooses Tooth 2 project has made significant progress over the past several months, and facility and construction costs are about 10% below budget, as we finish our third and final construction season. The project is expected to be online by the end of this year at approximately 10,000 barrels a day, with peak production of 35,000 barrels a day that will leverage our existing Alpine infrastructure. We're also back to development drilling on the Slope. After suspending virtually all activity in 2020, we are restarting four rigs across our operated assets in Alaska. In the Western North Slope, we restarted drilling at CD5 and commissioning activities on the new extended reach drilling rig. The ERD rig will play a significant role in augmenting Alaska's base business, allowing us to drill wells in excess of 35, 000 feet, accessing low-cost supply resources, while minimizing surface disturbance. So our base Alaska business is performing very well and we've built a strong momentum coming out of 2020. And of course, it's been an eventful quarter for Willow. Let me give you a quick update on where that project stands. We continue to progress the front-end engineering and design work, while at the same time taking actions to address the legal challenges that have been recently raised. The 600 million barrel oil discovery remains very competitive in our portfolio, but we won't take final investment decision or make significant long lead investments until the litigation risks have been resolved. Now moving to Canada. At Montney, we continue to optimize our development plans to incorporate the liquids-rich acreage we acquired from Kelt, mid last year. We're leveraging our Lower 48 unconventional resource expertise and reduced drilling costs by 25% over the first four pads. This part of our business doesn't get a lot of external attention yet, but it's worth noting, that's currently produced an approximately 30,000 barrels a day, of which 50% is liquids. We continue to be excited about our future in this premier 300,000-acre unconventional position. At Surmont, we continue to take actions to reduce costs, improve netbacks and reduce emissions, and we're seeing encouraging improvements on all three of these fronts. So in summary, Canada remains an important part of our business, with quite a lot of upside and learning curve opportunities. Now moving to our Europe, Middle East and North Africa segment. In Norway, we've made good progress on several projects, which benefit from the fiscal incentives implemented by the Norwegian government last year. We're nearing completion of Port 2 and are on track to make final investment decisions on both Tommeliten Alpha and Kobra East Gecko later this year, and work continues to assess our recent discoveries at Barca and Slagugle. In Qatar, our QG3 asset continues to deliver very strong performance and generate free cash flow and we continue to advance our evaluation of the North Field expansion opportunity. We're still very interested in participating in this project if it fits our financial framework. So we'll keep you posted as this plays out. Moving on into our Asia Pacific region. APLNG is running extremely well. Production continues to be strong, which when combined with ongoing focus on reducing capital, operating and financing costs has brought the cash breakeven down to $25 per barrel Brent. APLNG distributed almost $100 million to the company in the first quarter of 2021 and is expected to distribute about $200 million in the second quarter. Finally, in Malaysia, we have several low cost of supply, high margin bolt-on projects at various stages of development. The Malikai Phase 2 project achieved first oil in this year and SMP Phase 2 and Gumusut Phase 3 are on track for first oil in late 2021 and '22, respectively. So that's a brief update of our global operations. In summary, we have a lot of exciting work underway that will continue to enhance free cash flow generation. Now I'll turn it back to Ryan for some short closing comments.
Nick Olds: Yeah, Josh. This is Nick. Why don't I start with Willow - yeah, I apologize, Josh. Let me start with Willow. First, the big focus this year is related to the front-end and engineering design, as I mentioned, as well as detailed engineering. That's all in related to reducing - understanding our capital, the schedule and ultimate development considerations prior to taking FID later this year. That's the target. As a reminder for the group, they've got two lawsuits that are currently in federal court filed by two environmental groups, challenging the BLM and the Army Core record of decision for the Willow project. As you recall as well, we also had all the permits for the 2021 Willow construction received in early January. However, due to the granting of the injunction by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, that 2021 activity, which was a very small, modest scope of gravel work, has been deferred into 2022. And as all projects, we have scheduled float or schedule continue to see, Josh. So, that won't impact the overall timeline. In addition to the fee that I just mentioned, the primary focus now relates to the merits of those active lawsuits, and we anticipate a decision by the District Court in the third quarter. I also want to just mention, we have significant stakeholder support. As an example, we got State of Alaska and the North Slope Borough, have both intervened in the court case supporting the BLM court case supporting the BLM record decision. We also have several North Slope Village councils and tribal organizations, who have sent strong letters of support to Congress and the Secretary of Interior. The last thing I'll just reiterate as part of my opening remarks, we will not take FID or make any significant long lead investments until such time as key litigation risks have been addressed. And finally, Willow is a great investment opportunity, and we have the flexibility to adjust the pace of the project if needed.
Nick Olds: Okay. Yes. Thanks, Ryan. Paul, yes, just quickly, the turnaround impacts are very consistent with the prior years. Our heavy turnaround season is in 2Q, but even more so in 3Q. So, if you look at 2Q, you got about 15,000 barrels a day in 2Q. That's mainly Norway maintenance work. And if you look at 3Q, it's about 25,000 barrels a day, so we see higher downtime. And that's mainly in our Western North Slope Alpine assets as well as greater crude oil bay, again, this maintenance crosshair. So, 15,000 and 25,000 2Q, 3Q, respectively. And that has been included in our guidance.
Ryan Lance: All right. Thanks, team. To wrap up, let me go back to how I started today's call. We're viewing 2021 as a catalyst as an opportunity to further own every part of the business and continue leading this sector [Technical Difficulty] the aspect of the company to improve [Technical Difficulty] and we're looking forward to sharing more on that and what that means for our shareholders when we get together with you again on June 30. So now with that, let's open it up to Q&A.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Thanks, Neil. Yeah, let me handle the last one first, maybe turn it over to Bill for a little bit of color on why, you're exactly correct. So we have the dividend that we're paying. We announced earlier that we were buying $1.5 billion of our shares back. And this Cenovus swap for ConocoPhillips shares is incremental or on top of the $1.5 billion that we're currently doing in terms of buying our shares back in. We've looked at this, lots of different ways over the course of the last number of years as we've been an owner of Cenovus shares. And Let me ask Bill to kind of give you a little bit of color on why now and why under this sort of plan.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Thanks, Neil. No. We continue to kind of execute the plan that we laid out at the beginning of the year, and it's largely due to our view of the macro, as you kind of described, demand still is off to pre-pandemic levels at, peak a number, 96 million, 97 million barrels a day of demand. Spare capacity still exists on the supply side, largely with the OPEC Group, or OPEC Plus. So we still view kind of 5 million, 6 million barrels a day of spare supply out in the world. So we still have a balancing that we need to do before we kind of see where the price falls out at that point in time. And what the call is on, say, U.S. tight oil going forward. So we think it's prudent to kind of stay the course right now and not change. We also don't want to whipsaw our programs. So we want to be stably executing our programs and driving the efficiencies that Tim and Nick talked about across the global portfolio with a lot of emphasis on what we're doing here in the U.S., in the Lower 48. So until the market gets rebalanced, we're doing all that, watching it before we make any differences as well. So we're positioning ConocoPhillips for any kind of market that we think enters the phrase. So if it is going to be volatile or if it's going to be sort of a sustained more stable kind of price, we're positioned to react to either one of those kinds of markets. It's a bit uncertain with the pandemic and the demand, how quickly that's going to recover. Now if you ask us, we believe it's going to recover. We think we probably hit 1 million or so barrels a day of demand later this year. And on an annual average, we expect 2022 to be at that kind of a demand level. So at that point in time, we would hope the market is balanced on a supply and demand perspective, but it's going to take really the remainder of this year to see that. But our value proposition is pretty firm and delivering money back to the shareholder like we described. And hopefully, you see from today's announcements that we're enhancing that. And again, the 30% is our floor. And you look over the last five years, we've delivered 43% of our cash back to our shareholders. So discipline matters and returns matter and that's what we're all about.
Ryan Lance: Well, yeah. Jeanine, yeah, the first quarter was a little bit artificially low, given exactly what you described as the weather impacts in the Lower 48 that kind of shut things down for a period of time. And then people forget too that we had kind of a - we had to react to a winter drilling season in Alaska that reduced the cap a little bit. So it's not ratable, you can't just take the first quarter times four. But we are driving the teams to greater efficiency and trying to get as much done with the precious capital dollar that we can. We'll provide more of an update in the June update that we've talked about. And I would say thirdly is, we designed this to run stable. We designed our programs at the beginning of the year and asked our teams to go execute that scope and really not interested in trying to drive that on a quarterly basis and whipsaw the teams around doing those programs. We just want them to efficiently and effectively execute the programs that we set out at the beginning of the year. But we'll provide more of an update as we see the year progressing in June.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Thanks. I can let Bill talk specifically about the debt. I would just say, back to my opening remarks a bit, Jeanine, is that we're looking at every piece of the business. We're looking at the portfolio, we're looking at the balance sheet, we're looking at the cash sitting on the balance sheet and all those pieces of it. And we haven't forgotten about the shareholder. If you saw that today with our announcement on the trade with Cenovus shares and the ConocoPhillips and again that's incremental to the $1.5 that we're doing already. Let me ask Bill, he can give you a little bit more color on why $5 billion, why five years. 
Ryan Lance: Well, yeah, we'll see what the market gives us Phil over time. You know, I would say to that we described you back in November 2019, how we think about the cash on the balance sheet. There's the operating cash. There's some reserve cash to deal with the volatility of the market and then we - we like to hold some strategic cash as well. And we still think the market is going to be quite volatile. So we'll see what the market gives us but we want to be prepared for any kind of market that we find ourselves in. And thirdly, you know, you should think about some of that cash we'll make sure this shareholder is fully satisfied, based on - our past experience and what we've done as a company. And then thirdly, I would say it's, we are thinking about some of the future calls, whether that's the - if we're successful of the Northville [ph] expansion. What we might do at Willow. We had some exploration discoveries in Norway. We hope to be successful in Malaysia. So some of that cash that you might see on the balance sheet will go to some of those projects as well, such that we can continue to reap all the benefits from the annual free cash flow that we're getting and distribute that back out to the company and to our shareholders.
Ryan Lance: Well, I think more broadly, direct to answer your question, Phil, is yes, we're still looking at potentially marketing some of the Alaska position. But more broadly, I think, with the Concho acquisition, we're going through the portfolio to make sure that we're continually high grading and take the opportunity of the kind of commodity price environment we find ourselves in. So we'll have more to say on that in June as well. From the near - various cash [ph] positions, I think it kind of came in the first, we think about $1 billion of operating cash and a couple of billion dollars of - $2 billion to $3 billion of reserve cash, which is our - what happens in the market, we can respond. We can keep our programs running consistently. And not with SAR programs. So we want to have the cash there to do that. And then, we have strategic cash on top of that, which are for other uses that I described in your first question.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. We'll be talking about that, Ryan, in June and kind of provide an update relative to what you saw back in 2019. It'd be premature for me to talk about that. I would just tell you we're constantly trying to drive down our sustaining capital, and lower the breakevens in the academy. And I think, Tim and what we're doing in the lower 48, Nick's doing around the rest of the globe. We're seeing a lot of progress and that goes with the synergy capture that we can talk about, if you like. But all those things are there manifesting themselves in lower CapEx, lower sustaining and lower breakeven.
Ryan Lance: Yeah, Stephen, you're right. As we said in the opening remarks, the Lower 48 is half the company in terms of production today and the shorter cycle nature of that business is a lot - is pretty predictable. But I wouldn't - I'd say we've gotten to a place where we understand in running the base business across the whole world is good, too. And so, we understand the portfolio really well, obviously, and what the prospects look like over the long haul. You talked about the catalyst moment, it's really focused in what we want to convey today. It's every aspect of the business. So, we talked about the balance sheet. We talked about returns back to the shareholder, we talked about the efficiencies that we're gaining in the system, post the Concho acquisition. So, we're working really on every part, trying to lower the breakeven of the company and still be the best company in this business that can operate in a very volatile environment, and you can still count on the returns back to the shareholder, and you can count on us hyper-focused and disciplined on returns, not only on capital, but out of capital, both. So I think that's what you'll hear in June, a lot more on that, work on the portfolio, work on what we're doing across the whole company on every lever. We know what investors want. It's free cash flow and returns, and that's what we're hyper focused on.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. If I - sorry, you were breaking up there a little bit, Doug, but if I understand your question right, how do we make all those balances. I think we're walking and chewing gum at the same time here a little bit. So we're working on all aspects of the portfolio. I think our focus is on trying to lower the breakeven and lower the sustaining capital to work on the operating side of the business, lower the breakeven, which is reducing our interest expense by taking some of this high coupon debt and bringing it forward, giving us options to take that callable and reduce that in addition to what's coming out over time. So I think we're trying to do all things. And I think the basic commitment that we've made to the shareholders is we're going to return 30% of our cash or greater back to you over time. So we will do that. Now the vehicle, and I think part of your question was what's the right vehicle to do that in. That's, I guess, in the eye of the beholder a little bit. There's not maybe around what the right way to do that is, we like the shares given the reduction that it makes in the absolute dividend, the per share metrics that it creates and the in the balance and the accepted way that it is done. But with that said, we've studied variable dividends and CBDs or whatever you want to call them going forward. We spend a lot of time thinking about it. Mathematically, it really doesn't matter. At the end of the day, the commitment is to return more than 30%. If there's a hybrid in our future, they could be. We'll - we keep looking at it. And we're not committed to one path to deliver returns back to the shareholders. But today, we think our shares are a great value. So - and we think this conversion from CVE to ConocoPhillips shares is an elegant solution to get more back to the shareholder. So we're committed to that.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Thanks, Paul. I think if I understand your question, first one was around consolidation and M&A. I think you referred to the integration activities going on with Concho, and we're pretty hyper focused on that right now and trying to deliver all those efficiencies and the synergy. And the story is pretty good there. We updated the synergies to $750 million kind of earlier this year, and we still see more opportunity. And most of that is focused in the best practices and capital avoidance in commercial and in supply chain. So, we're really focused on that, and we'll give an update in June. So, we are really focused on making sure we get the Concho assets integrated in. Tim is doing a great job with his team in the Lower 48 and on the efficiency side. I think it manifests itself in the performance of the company in the first quarter and in the production performance despite having the impacts from winter storm Uri. So, maybe I'll have - Nick can comment a little bit. We do - for the rest of the year in profile, we do have some turnarounds coming. So, I can let Nick refer to that, I think, which is the second part of your question around what does that profile look like in the last half, for last three quarters of the year.
Ryan Lance: I probably didn't fully answer your question, Paul, sorry, but I don't think M&A is done in our business. I still think there is consolidation that will occur and needs to occur. There is too many players and is more difficult at these kinds of prices, clearly, but don't be surprised if you see more of it in our industry because I think it still needs to take place.
Ryan Lance: No, not really. I think we're hyper-focused on cost of supply. We're pretty agnostic to gas oil, short, long, which is why we're interested in the North Field expansion in Qatar and continue to have interest in that and continuing to add to and improve our Lower 48 operation. So I'd say, we really - we don't really have ideal blend in mind that we're trying to drive to over time. We're pretty agnostic and just focused on the best rocks. They deliver the best returns. That's the competitive advantage in this business.
Ryan Lance: Yeah, Raphaël, I think it goes back to our long-standing commitment to Qatar, and we're in train figs cutter-gas three [ph] project, been there for a long time, and I think we've demonstrated the value. We have a water center in Qatar. So we've had strong relationships with the Qataris. And to your point, it's not only about the bid level, it's about the long-term relationship and the past relationship, the historic relationship that you've had. So they've been a great partner, a great owner to deal with. So I think just like anybody and our competitors, we rely on the history that we've got in the country and the opportunity that sits there, then we'll have to be competitive in our bid. And - but it has to work for us. So it has to be competitive in our financial framework. So it cuts both ways.
