Ryan Lance: Thanks, Phil, and thank you to everyone for joining our first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Since we just hosted our Analyst Day and Investor Meeting in New York a few weeks ago, we are going to keep our prepared remarks fairly brief today. ConocoPhillips delivered a strong first quarter result, setting a new production record for the company as well as in the Lower 48.  Underlying production growth was 4% year-on-year, including 8% year-on-year growth in the Lower 48. We are confident in our outlook for the rest of the year, and we are increasing the midpoint of our full year production guidance. We're keeping our full year capital and operating guidance unchanged.  Shifting to returns on announced capital, we continue to demonstrate our returns-focused value proposition in the first quarter. Our return on capital employed once again exceeded our goal of being top quartile in the S&P 500. And as we highlighted at the recent Analyst and Investor Meeting, we remain confident in our ability to achieve this objective in a mid-cycle price environment over the course of our 10-year plan. On return of capital, we are on track to deliver on our planned $11 billion for 2023, which represents greater than 50% of our projected CFO and is highly competitive with peers. And we are able to achieve all of this while investing in our attractive mid- and long-term opportunities.  Our first quarter was also quite busy from a strategic perspective. At Port Arthur LNG, we acquired a 30% equity interest in the joint venture upon final investment decision on Phase 1. At Willow, we are pleased to receive a positive record of decision and began road construction. And at APLNG, we announced plans to become upstream operator following the closing of EIG's transaction with Origin and to purchase up to an additional 2.49% in the project. We also accelerated our 2030 greenhouse gas emissions intensity reduction target to 50% to 60% versus a 2016 baseline as we further advance our net zero operational emissions ambition.  I know everyone has the question on Surmont, so let me address that right now. We acknowledge that we received our right of first refusal notice, and we're certainly reviewing it carefully. Now in conclusion, as we shared at our Analyst and Investor Meeting last month, our deep, durable and diversified asset base is well positioned to generate solid returns in cash flow for decades to come. And as I said then, we challenge any other E&P company to show you a plan with this kind of duration.  Now let me turn the call over to Bill to cover our first quarter performance in more detail.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks, Stephen. I think let me just start by recognizing the volatility that's currently in the market. But even with that, as we look at the first quarter average, prices were in the mid-70s WTI, quarter-to-date in the second quarter in the high 70s. So that's close enough to our planning framework that we set out early in the year that close enough to 80 and delivering the $22 billion in cash for the year. So we're not going to overreact to kind of what we're seeing in the volatility right now. So we're on track, and hopefully, you see that with the VROC that we set for the third quarter, on track to deliver the $11 billion distributions that we set out at the beginning of the year. We're comfortable with that. We have the balance sheet to support it if prices turn out a little bit lower as well. So it would take a structural change, and we certainly don't view this volatility we're seeing right now as a structural change in the marketplace.  In terms of the mix and the balance, we said we'd do about 50% shares. We leaned in a little bit in the first quarter on the shares. But through the year, we expect to be about 50-50 between our VROC and the shares to deliver the $11 billion of returns back to the shareholder. Hopefully, you see that with the third quarter setting of the VROC at $0.60 a share. That should give you for comfort that we're on to deliver that.
Ryan Lance: Yes, Neil, thanks. No, I can let Andy maybe make a few comments about the assets, which would be kind of reiterating what we said at the Analyst Meeting. But yes, we're in receipt of the notice on the transaction between Total and Suncor. We have a right on the Surmont asset, which we know really well because we own 50% and operate it. So we're in the process of taking a pretty serious look at that. I can maybe have Andy reiterate some of our thoughts about the asset that we described in the Analyst Meeting.
Ryan Lance: Well, as we said, Kalei, that we're currently reviewing the proposal that we got and the terms and the conditions. So it's a bit early to comment on tax pools.
Ryan Lance: No. Thanks, Ryan. In terms of how we're running the company day to day and the allocation of capital that we put in each year, it really doesn't -- we're only investing in things that have a cost of supply less than $40 WTI in the portfolio. So what a mid-cycle price change, our Chief Economist Office, our commercial team, we go through a process every year where we take a current view of the macro and have a long-range view of what we think is happening. And as we've gone through a lot of turmoil in the business, the Russian invasion of Ukraine, just the lack of investment going into the business these days. we stepped back and did our own bottoms up, which we do every year, but important this year, we did our own bottoms-up work to try to understand where we think the mid-cycle price is moving to and was is to staying at kind of that $50 level. Our assessment of the price required to generate that incremental barrel to meet that incremental demand, our assessment put it at around $60 today. And so that -- so the implications of that are really just how much cash flow we think we're going to be generating as we interrogate the portfolio, as we invest in the growth and development of the company, and we put capital into the company the way it manifests itself is just how much floor we can deliver at that kind of mid-cycle price, which is obviously a little bit more than what we would deliver at the lower price. So it goes to sort of how we think about cash in the balance sheet, how we think about the debt that we're carrying, how we think about distributions and how much capacity there is to distribute a bunch of our cash, which our commitment is about 30%. And when we get above mid-cycle price in our case like we are today, obviously, we're generating a lot more cash, and we're returning a lot more cash to the shareholder, now something in excess of 50% today. But that's driven by the reinvestment rate that we have in the company our commitment to only invest in the lowest cost supply things we have in the portfolio.
Ryan Lance: Yes, Scott, yes, we're right in the middle of all those conversations, as you might imagine, including the most recent conversations around the Citgo refining assets. We're in the queue. We're in the -- right in the middle of anything that would happen there. We have -- as a reminder, an ICC judgment of $2 billion. We've collected about $700 million on that judgment to date. So we have an outstanding -- what they owe us on that particular judgment. We're in an appeal process with ICSID which is the other tribunal, and that's an $8 billion potential award coming. Now there's some overlap between the two, so you can't necessarily add the two together. But I guess the point is there was a lot of money. And we're hard at trying to get some resolution of that. And the recent news out of the judge and the U.S. government around Citgo is certainly helpful in that regard. It looks like despite the sanctions that are on the Venezuelans and on U.S. companies for doing work in Venezuela, there's a little bit of -- some light developing at the end of that tunnel, and we're right in the middle of it all.
Ryan Lance: Yes. I'm not sure the exact ratio. Maybe Nick might have some numbers, but I think most of what we're doing is large pad development with not single well facilities, but central facilities supporting those large pads. I don't know what the split between drilling and infrastructure spend is. I can let Nick have a comment, but I don't think it's much different than what we've been doing for the past few years.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Well, I think, Neal, you have to kind of go back to how we set the VROC in the first quarter. That was actually set in the third quarter of last year in a $100 price environment. So we probably had a ratable -- a little bit higher distribution in the quarter and then it gets more ratable as we go through second, third and fourth quarter as we deliver the $11 billion that we've targeted for this year. And that's evidenced by how we set the VROC for the third quarter at $0.60 a share.
William Bullock: Well, thanks, Ryan. In the first quarter of 2023, we generated $2.38 per share in adjusted earnings. First quarter production was a record for the company at 1,792,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, driven by solid execution across the entire portfolio. The Eagle Ford stabilized our expansion and QatarGas 3 planned turnarounds were both successfully completed. And Lower 48 production was also a record, averaging 1,036,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day, including 694,000 from the Permian; 227,000 from the Eagle Ford; 98,000 from the Bakken. And Lower 48's underlying production grew 8% year-on-year with new wells online and strong well performance relative to our expectations across our asset base.  Now moving to cash flows. First quarter CFO was $5.7 billion, excluding working capital at an average WTI price of $76 per barrel. This included APLNG distributions of $764 million. Now first quarter capital expenditures were $2.9 billion, including $400 million for Port Arthur Phase 1 and $100 million in Lower 48 acquisitions. Regarding Port Arthur, as you will recall from our fourth quarter call, we said we plan to spend about $1.1 billion in 2023. So first quarter spending was very front-end loaded relative to the full year. In the first quarter, we also received $200 million in disposition proceeds. And regarding capital allocation, we returned $3.2 billion back to shareholders. And this was via $1.7 billion in share buybacks and $1.5 billion in ordinary dividends and VROC payments. Turning to guidance. We forecast second quarter production to be in a range of 1.77 million to 1.81 million barrels of oil equivalent per day. This includes 10,000 to 15,000 of planned seasonal turnarounds. We have also increased the midpoint of our full year production guidance by 10,000 barrels a day. Our new range is 1.78 million to 1.8 million barrels of oil equivalent, up from 1.7 million to 1.8 million previously. For APLNG, we expect distributions of 350 million to 400 million in the second quarter. And for the full year, we expect APLNG distributions of 1.8 billion. All other guided items remain unchanged.  So to wrap up, we had a strong first quarter. We remain confident in our outlook, leading to our increase in full year production guidance. And we expect to return $11 billion to our shareholders this year. And we're well positioned to deliver on our commitments throughout this year.  So that concludes our prepared remarks. And now I'll turn the call back over to Phil.
William Bullock: Yes. Sure, Roger. This is Bill. As we talked about at the Analyst Investor Meeting, we're currently really satisfied with 30% for Phase 1 and our 5 million ton equity offtake and we're prioritizing market development over any additional offtake in equity right now. We really think we've got sufficient capital allocation to Port Arthur, and we're looking for ways to optimize our current investment. So our plate's pretty full, and we don't need -- see need to allocate significant additional capital in the near term. And so there need to be some pretty unique reasons to make it attractive.
William Bullock: Yes. So I think we laid this out pretty well at our analyst meeting. So for Port Arthur, we've got options on both equity and offtake for future phases. Those can be executed either for equity, offtake or both as they present themselves through time. We also have some options on the West Coast of Mexico at Energy Costa Azul on Phase 2. And so those are long-dated options that we continue to look at. I talked a bit about Phase 2 earlier in the call. And so there need to be some pretty unique opportunities on that as we think about that right now. Now as we think about future phases we have structured our investment in Phase 1, such that we benefit from the economies of scale for future phases on our Phase 1 investment. So future phases actually benefit Phase 1.
William Bullock: Yes, sure. Happy to talk about working capital. So if you look at working capital for Q1, you can see that in the supplementary documents we put out on our website, Q1 was about a $100 million use of working capital. For Q2, we'd expect that to be just over $1 billion. And as you rightly noted, that's associated with Norwegian tax payments, which is normal for operators in Norway. We accrued those in 2022. They're payable in the second quarter of 2023. And then looking for the rest of the year, assuming we don't see FX rates move materially for the remainder of the year, we'd expect -- we wouldn't really expect any material working capital movements across Q3 or Q4. So I hope that helps for kind of full year view.
Nicholas Olds: All right. Thanks, Dom. Yes, Sam, just to take you back to the analyst call when we talked about drilling and completions efficiency. If you recall, we had from 2019 to 2022, we had a 50% improvement in drilling, 60% improvement in completion at stages per day. We continue to see that in Q1, very promising results, and that's the use of technology like simul-frac, e-frac. We're testing out some remote frac as well where we keep a frac spread on pad 1 and then we frac pad 2, pad 3, pad 4. So very promising results there. as well on the drilling front, we continue to use data analytics and rig automation, but all that's coming together, so really promising. That did lead to some accelerated places on production of wells in Q1 driving some of the over-performance.
Nicholas Olds: Yes. Devin, this is Nick. You're right. Strong well performance was definitely a contributing factor for Q1. If I take you back to the Q4 call, I had mentioned that our well performance was meeting or exceeding-type curve expectations, and we continue to see that trend in Q1. So that's very encouraging. No overall development changes. We're just seeing very promising results across all assets. It is just not the Permian as well. And as I mentioned earlier, the completion and drilling efficiency has allowed us to accelerate some wells earlier into Q1, and so we're seeing that production come into play. And then on the Eagle Ford stabilization plant that we've updated, the team just did a remarkable job in sheltering the amount of downtime in Q1. So we had less DT. But overall, a very strong quarter.
Nicholas Olds: Yes, Paul, this is Nick. You're right. I mean, we had a very strong performance in Q1, as we just described. As you look at the future quarters of this year, we've got some larger pad projects, longer horizontal wells. And kind of put that in context, we've got 80% of our 2023 Permian wells are 2 miles or greater as we've got a fairly large portion that are of the 3 miles. But you're going to see kind of small variations. But overall, that's going to be relatively flat. But I'll leave you with this Paul, our plan will deliver at least mid-single digits for Lower 48.
Nicholas Olds: Yes, Alastair, it's very limited as far as on the infrastructure spend, most of your expenditures is on drilling and completions in the Permian as an example.
