Ellen DeSanctis: Thank you, Sanera, and welcome everyone to the Third Quarter Earnings Call. In the room with me today are Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; Bill Bullock, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Tim Leach, our Executive Vice President of the Lower 48; Dominic Macklon, our Executive Vice President of Strategy, Sustainability, and Technology; Nick Olds, our Executive Vice President of Global Operations.  Mark Keener, our Vice President of Investor Relations, is also in the room today. The format of our call will consist of some very brief, prepared remarks, and then as Sanera mentioned, we'll go to Q&A. A few reminders. In conjunction with today's earnings release, we posted a deck of supplemental material addressing third quarter earnings and cash flow results, as well as some fourth quarter full year 2021 guidance updates.  Today, we will make some forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results could differ due to the factors described in today's press release and in our periodic filings, and we'll mention some non-GAAP financial measures this morning. You can find reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure in this morning's press release and on our website. With that, I will now turn the call over to Ryan.
Ellen DeSanctis: You're in great hands. It's been an honor, everybody. Truly an honor and ConocoPhillips won't miss a beat.
Ellen DeSanctis: Terrific. Thank you to our listeners. Thank Senara. I really appreciate it. Feel free to ring Investor Relations if you have any additional comments. Have a wonderful day and week. Be safe. Thank you.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Ellen. As Ellen mentioned, I'll make a few opening comments and then Bill will address a few details about this quarter's results, and then we'll begin the Q&A session. In this morning's release, I referred to the quarter's results as notable. Obviously, financial and operating results were outstanding but the context for describing them as notable meant something different.  For the past year, we've been integrating Concho, improving underlying metrics across the business, and creating the most competitive E&P for the energy transition. The significance of this quarter's performance is that it represents the post-Concho, going forward baseline for the Company. On a run-rate basis, the integration is essentially complete.  We've captured the announced 1 billion of synergies of savings from actions the Company took in connection with the transaction, all ahead of schedule. We're unedged, but even more importantly, our torque to upside is helped by having high conversion of revenue to income and cash flow. The core executable of our global operating plan is delivering as expected. We'll close out 2021 as a stronger Company compared to any time in the past decade.  Every aspect of our triple mandate is moving in the right direction. Our underlying portfolio of costs to supply is improving, our overall GHG intensity is lower, our emissions intensity reduction targets are more stringent, underlying margins are expanding, and our trailing 12 month return on capital employed is headed towards an estimated 14% by year end, reflecting the benefit of more than just stronger commodity prices.  Between now and year end, our top priority is closing the Shell transaction, which we expect to occur in the fourth quarter. Once we close, we will be working diligently to integrate these properties and capture efficiencies in a similar fashion to what we've achieved through the Concho integration.  In addition to layering in these properties on top of our existing high-performing platform, we're continuing to high-grade our portfolio and optimize the business drivers everywhere. The set up for next year is notable. We're now in the process of setting our 2022 capital plans, which we expect to announce in early December.  Directionally, we don't anticipate a significant departure on CapEx from what we included in our June update, excluding Shell. In June, we provided an outlook based on a roughly $50 per barrel price that included a modest ramp in the Lower 48 to reactivate our optimized plateau plans, some incremental base Alaska investment, and some longer cycle low cost of supply investments in Canada, in Montney and in Norway.  Since June, we see some inflation pressures, especially in the Lower 48. However, at this point, we would expect to adjust Scope modestly in order to tune response to maintain our base capital at a level that is roughly consistent with our June update, and then of course, we'll add CapEx for the Shell properties once we've brought them into the portfolio.  As we finalize our 2022 plans, we're watching the macro closely, keeping an eye on inflation and potential OBO pressures, and undertaking our typical capital high-grading processes. It goes without saying, the market certainly appears to be more constructive, but we must always remember that this is an incredibly volatile business. But there's more to come on that in December.  It's certainly been a busy year for the Company, but an incredibly successful one so far, and that's thanks to our dedicated and talented ConocoPhillips workforce. We believe we're entering a very constructive time for the sector. But even so, we know that there will be relative winners.  The relative winners will be companies with the lowest cost of supply investment options, peer-leading delivery of returns on and of capital, and visible progress on lowering emissions intensity. That's what we offer. Our third quarter represents a glimpse and a strong jumping off point to what you can expect from ConocoPhillips going forward. So now let me turn it over to Bill, who will cover some of the key items from this quarter.
Ryan Lance: Sure, Roger. Like I said in our opening comments, in the middle of putting all our plans together. Right now, the supply chain organization tells me that globally, we're thinking about mid-single-digit kind of inflation rates as we go into 2022.  But it's bifurcated into 2 pieces, the U.S. being, depending where you’re at geographically in the U.S., anywhere from the low double-digits to the higher single-digits, the Permian being the area probably the most influenced so the most experiencing inflation right now and as we go into 2022, and then the rest of the world though still at about 2% to 3% inflation rates globally.  So the categories that you can imagine are inflating right now, certainly are those that are in need here in the U.S. as we start to recover out of the low point, things like OTCG, labor, sand, pressure pumping, and the likes. I think as we think about it going forward, it's an opportunity for us to try to offset as much of that through some modest Scope production in the efficiencies, which I think is where Tim is focused in the Lower 48. I can ask Tim if you want to add anything to that relative to the Lower 48 in the Permian.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Sure, Jeanine. Let me make a few comments and I'll turn it over to Dominic, who's been involved in all our shareholder engagement activity. That's a normal part of our process this time a year, but yeah, you saw consistent or coincident with the Shell acquisition announcement that we increased our targets related to Scope 1 and Scope 2, and maybe hopefully not  , we went from gross operated to a net equity, which we think the industry needs to move to as well.  So it's not only the what you operate, it's what you are involved in from a net equity perspective. So we're pretty focused on our commitment to reduce our Scope 1 and Scope 2, and then as you state, we did get a resolution that got 57% of the vote, not binding, but one that we have to engage with our shareholders on. So we've been doing that on the Scope 3 side specifically, and I can get Dominic maybe to comment on what that looks like or what we've heard so far from shareholders.
Ryan Lance: Yeah, I know. Thanks, Neil. Certainly, pretty constructive for a number of reasons. We're seeing the demand recovery post-pandemic and for all the reasons you stated, this turns into a supply problem, and I think that's going to be some pretty constructive tailwinds for the industry. So yeah, you ask a bit of a provocative question there. So what would I say, maybe a few things.  For my peers, I would say, we've got to restore sector sponsorship, and that's only going to happen through consistent returns on capital employed, and they have to be competitive with the market. I think that's the opposite of what we saw in this boom-bust industry. So I think investors need to have us on a short leash, and I think that would be good for this sector. So that's kind of what I would tell my peers. What would I tell investors?  It is different right now because I think Shell industry is being run as a free cash flow business, so now we have short-cycle inventory that can be managed for returns of and returns on capital. But I think you have to remember one thing in that Shell business, that inventory quality really does matter.  Because the ones with the best inventory like ConocoPhillips, we're going to be able to make market competitive returns, and we can do that without having blown through the roof on growth. So with modest growth, you can deliver those kinds of market competitive returns for people that have the top-quality Shell inventory, and I think that's a pretty big paradigm shift. So that discipline on growth and returns on enough capital really, really matters.  Lastly, and this would be for investors and my peers, for everyone really, is the energy transition is happening. We are going through a transition today, but I think that's a new lens that we have to look at this business through, and it requires a bit of new thinking, and I think Dominic just referred to that, in the last question that Jeanine had, which is our triple mandate.  We must do those three things simultaneously and we've got to do them really, really well. So we have to meet the transition demand. Whatever slope that demand going on, we've got to be there to supply it with low cost to supply barrels because we've got to deliver,  , and we've got to meet our net-zero ambition ultimately by 2050 in this business. So I guess that would be the few things that I would offer Neil, and really shame on us if this industry can't do it and I can guarantee you ConocoPhillips will.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. I think I tried to be pretty clear, Doug. I appreciate the question, and the push. I think what I've tried to be pretty clear about is our 30% of CFO is going back to the shareholders. So that's a commitment you can take to the bank as an investor in ConocoPhillips, and with this run-up in the prices that we've seen here lately, you should expect to get 30% of our cash coming from our operations as a result.  You asked, what about the channel. I'd say maybe before the channel conversation to with the Shell acquisition, we'll probably look to try to put some more money onto the balance sheet as we go through the course of this. But more directly to your question about the channel. I've been comfortable based on our outlook and our view of the macro where things are going right now to split the distribution between the ordinary dividend and share repurchase.  So how do I think about the ordinary dividend? For me, it needs to be something that's incredibly reliable, it's transparent, it's growable, it's reliable, you can count on it, you can take into the bank, and it works at the downside of this sector whenever we go through those down turns.  That's how I think about the dividend, and I think you can get euphoric when these times are pretty good, but I think you've got to think about the dividend being commitment, reliable, always there, and it's growable, and so that's how I think about the dividend. But more importantly, you should expect to get a 30% of our cash coming back from our operations. That's our commitment.  That's what we've done for a number of years and that's what we're going to continue to go do. So if that CFO goes up, you're going to get those dollars, and we've been pretty open to the channel. We've had this conversation with the market, with our investors, and as we perceive circumstances changing, we're not locked into a specific channel to go do that. So I take your point, Doug, I probably think about the ordinary dividend just a little bit differently.
Ryan Lance: The recognition, Doug, needs to be over the long term, not just over a month or a quarter, but what builds value, what's the right model over the long haul in a very volatile business.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. No, thanks, Doug. I think we sold through this quarter couple $100 million worth of assets. Those are largely in the Lower 48. We've got another couple of large packages in the Lower 48 on the market today that is significantly larger than what we've talked about closing today and couple of other things. But we're pretty committed. We announced after the Shell transaction that we would sell $4 billion to $5 billion.  We had $2 billion to $3 billion out in the market from the June market update. We're well on the road to delivering that $2 billion to $3 billion. We upped that to $4 billion to $5 billion as a result of the Shell transaction just because when we get the first look at the portfolio, primarily in the Permian, we think there's going to be some cleanup that we can do with Tim's team, and the trading and the swapping that you described earlier, and some outright sales.  So I feel pretty comfortable with that $4 billion to $5 billion target. Obviously, take us into 2023, but making probably a lot of progress through the first half of next year in delivering those targets.
Ryan Lance: At this point, our guidance is the $6 billion of return this year, and stays tuned for what that looks like for next year. But yes, we're sticking to the plans we have in place for 2021 that gets us pretty close to $6 billion total return. That's through the ordinary dividend and through the shares that we're buying and the shares that were swapping with the CV, your Cenovus's.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. I think you probably saw some ramp-up in the swap with the Cenovus shares. The dividends, obviously ratable across the four quarters other than the raise that we announced here recently, and we restarted our share buybacks outside of the Cenovus swap after the first quarter so, yeah, they're not quite ratable. You saw the ramp up there in the third quarter, if you look at our results, and you should assume that that continues into the fourth quarter.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, John. I think, yes. I think you should think about it on top, again, the market update plan was it at $50 barrel price deck. So in our commitment to our investors is that 30% of the cash will go back to our shareholders. This price increase and our cash flows increase, you should expect the distribution to the shareholders to increase.  We're still going to maintain a very strong balance sheet and having some cash on the balance sheet is important to the Company, and then we'll deliver modest growth, but that's always been kind of an output out of our plans. We want to make sure that we have a good idea of where the macro is going to go for the next year.  We're going to set our capital budget plans to deliver the strongest returns on that capital that we can manage. We don't want to blow into the phase of really high super inflation. We've seen what that's done before to returns, so we'll be very conscious of that as we go into what we think is a pretty constructive view of the macro going for the next 2 to 3 years. So you ought to expect us to act like we've done in the past.  We'll be really judicious how we set our capital to make sure we're getting the most out of every capital dollar we can. Shareholders are going to get 30% of their cash back. They'll get that through the dividend and through some share buyback, maybe another channel, we'll see if that's the right thing to do for the Company with where we're at and we're going to maintain a very strong balance sheet as we go through this process.  But adding the Shell just made the Company better, made a more resilient and made more cash flow and so that means there will be more returns of a capital back to the shareholder, and then remember, we're running the Shell assets just like we're running our Lower 48 assets at about a 50% to 60% reinvestment rate. Again, that's what I tried to say at the beginning, we're executing the Shell differently than what this industry a number of years ago did.
Ryan Lance: I don't think we'll probably allocate capital based on how we see those different inflation rates going. So I think we just want to be clear about how we see it developing in the significant categories of spend that we have in the Company and try to give you an idea of what we're seeing today. We'll continue to watch it.  I think probably more goes to our Lower 48 business if we see hyperinflation starts running away from us, we might adjust our scope modestly so we're not going to try to go into that. So again, it's with a really focus on making sure the returns are adequate for the capital that we're investing.  I know Tim said in one of his responses, we're a large Company, we've got a very sophisticated supply chain organization, very sophisticated commercial organization and the efficiencies that we're wringing out of the business are still there. So we think we have a way to mitigate quite a lot of it, and it will just adjust our plans if it gets out of control as an example. So, that's where we stand out as an E&P Company. We're global, we're big, and that's a huge advantage to us when we think about the impacts of these things on our business.
Bill Bullock: Thanks, Ryan. To begin, adjusted earnings were $1.77 per share for the quarter. Relative to consensus, this performance reflects production volumes that were slightly above the midpoint of guidance, better than expected price realizations, and lower than expected DD&A. As for the better realizations, we captured a higher percentage of Brent pricing in our overall realized prices.  We provided supplementary information in this morning's material to address the realizations variance, and as Ryan mentioned, we're unedged, so we're getting full exposure to the current higher prices. As for DD&A, we're trending lower compared to the previous guidance as a result of positive reserve revisions due to higher prices.  You saw in today's release that we lowered full-year 2021 DD&A guidance from $7.4 billion to $7.1. Excluding Libya production for the quarter was $1,507,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which represents about 2% underlying growth. Lower 48 production averaged 790,000 barrels a day, including about 445,000 from the Permian, 217,000 from the Eagle Ford, and 95,000 from the Bakken.  At the end of the quarter, we had 15 operated drilling rigs and 7 frac crews working in the Lower 48. Across the rest of our operations, the business ran extremely well. In particular, our planned seasonal turnaround activity across several regions went safely and smoothly. You have noticed that we provided production guidance for the fourth quarter and for the full year 2021 in this morning's release.  This reflects the impact of a decision we're making to convert Concho 2-stream contracted volumes to a 3-stream reporting basis as part of our ongoing efforts to create marketing optionality across the Lower 48. We expect to convert the majority of our contracts in the fourth quarter.  Reported production is expected to increase by approximately 40,000 barrels a day, and both revenue and operating costs will increase by roughly $70 million. In other words, this conversion is earnings neutral. Besides DD&A in production, there were no other changes to 2021 guidance items.  Once we've closed the Shell acquisition and conceive where the ongoing U.S. tax legislation conversation lands, we'll provide an updated earnings and cash flow sensitivities that considers such factors as projected 2022 price ranges and how those ranges might impact our cash tax paying position in various jurisdictions around the globe.  Coming back at third quarter results, cash from operations was $4.1 billion, which was reduced by about $200 million for nonrecurring items. So a bit higher than the average of external estimates on an underlying basis. Free cash flow was almost $3 billion this quarter, and on a year-to-date basis, this is about $6.5 billion.  Through the first 9 months of the year, we've returned $4 billion to shareholders, and we're on track to meet our target of returning nearly $6 billion by the end of 2021, and this is through a combination of our ordinary dividend and buybacks. So to summarize, as Ryan said, it was a notable quarter.  The Company is running exceptionally well, and we've achieved a significant reset of the base business post-Concho. That creates a powerful platform for entering next year. We're focused on closing the Shell Permian acquisition so that we can begin the work of getting those properties fully integrated into business.  Setting our capital plans for 2020, 2022, maintaining a leading position of returns on and up capital and lowering our emissions intensity. That's the triple mandate. That's what ConocoPhillips is all about, and we look forward to providing additional information in December. I'll now turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of today's call.
Bill Bullock: Sure. Jeanine, we received distributions of $85 million from APLNG in the third quarter, and that brings our total year-to-date to $430 million for the year, and we now expect full-year distributions of around $750 million from APLNG this year.  As you noted and as a reminder, we typically receive lower distributions in the first and third quarters and higher distributions on second and fourth quarters, and as you think about APLNG due to the pricing lag with APLNG long-term LNG sales, there's really little sensitivity to price for the remainder of 2021 distributions. As LNG pricing is essentially set so, we feel very good about $750 million for the full year.
Bill Bullock: Yes. Sure. Happy to. So first starting with the CV monetization program, we've sold about 67 million shares year-to-date. That's about 30% of our original balance, and so we reduced our equity stake in Cenovus's from about 10% to about 7%. Those proceeds have been used to buy back about $600 million of Conoco bulk shares through the third quarter, and you'll note on our slides for cash that that was about $400 million for the third quarter.  We have accelerated our sales, we expect to exit our position sometime early part of next year and we're executing those sales in a thoughtful and measured way. We continue to monitor market conditions as we move forward. Assuming that they remain supportive, but we'll be out early part of next year. You also asked about the contingent payments from Cenovus.  During the quarter, we recognized about $100 million in pretax earnings, bringing our year-to-date total to about $200 million so far as Cenovus's contingent payments, and at current pricing, we'd expect to recognize another $100 million in the fourth quarter. Now the contingent term expires at the end of the second quarter 2022, but at current strip prices, we would expect to continue to accrue contingent payments in the first and second quarter of next year.  It's probably also worth mentioning that we are still continuing to receive contingent payments also from our San Juan sale. This would throw that in their bid, and we've accumulated so far $30 million in pre-tax this year with $21 million in the third quarter, and expect to accrue another $21 million on that in the fourth quarter, and at current prices, that should continue through calendar year next year.
Bill Bullock: Yes. Sure, Phil. We still feel very good about that $4 billion of ending cash. The Shell transition headline price is $9.5 billion, but the effective date is July 1st of this year, and so as we go through the year, we would expect to end up with a little over $4 billion of cash by the end of this year.
Bill Bullock: Yes. Sure, Phil. So if current pricing continues into 2022, we would expect to move into a significant tax paying position in the U.S. by early to mid-2022.
Bill Bullock: Well, so the overall Company would be similar. So if you look across our international assets, many of them are already on a cash tax paying position, so the main change is in the U.S.
Tim Leach: No. I think that covered most of it. But I would say that while we are seeing inflation on those items, we have size and scale advantages of our combined organizations, and the operations continue to improve in the Lower 48. So I think there's many ways that we can mitigate those inflation factors.
Tim Leach: Yeah, it's pretty exciting. First of all, I'm really proud of our team of being able to integrate this Concho acquisition and deliver on all the production and cash flow and get the wells drilled and not miss a beat on execution, and deliver all the synergies that we talked about. That's important concept as well. The blocking and tackling of our business is going really well in the Permian.  But in addition to that, ConocoPhillips has 4 really great Shell basins in the U.S, and watching how information is being transferred, how much team work is going on between those groups, they're continuing to make everything better. The wells are getting better. We're delivering more efficiency all the time.  So that's exciting for the future, and then when you look at the opportunity with the Shell acquisition, what we can do with those assets, and how we can create value with them, and that's what our teams live and die for, is the opportunity to go get something like that and make it better. So I'm pretty excited and I'm proud of the work that's being done right now.
Tim Leach: Yeah, managing assets like that is kind of what I think we do best, and there are so many different ways that we can create value from the way the wells are drilled, the way the wells are completed, the marketing arrangements, and it also gives us the opportunity with those additional assets coming in. We have way more flexibility on what we can dispose of and how we can high-grade our portfolio.  So it gives us the opportunity to do what I think we're really good at from an operation standpoint, but also from property management and the swaps and trades. We have a dedicated group around that, and they can create a lot of value in the basin. All the operators are trying to get out of each other's way and not have so much outside-operated, and create longer lateral drilling opportunities. All kind of things like that.
Tim Leach: Good. Thank you. The way we think about managing the Eagle Ford and the Bakken and the Permian is one asset that we can allocate capital around. We said on this call before that the Eagle Ford and the Bakken are much closer to being at their optimal plateau than the Permian is.  The Permian doesn't get there for a long time, but we are increasing activity in the Eagle Ford. It will be at that optimal plateau rate that you referenced, and the sequential quarter-over-quarter is more about timing and things like that, and wells coming online. But I'm very pleased with the performance of that asset, and there have been things like refraction, other things we've talked about that have continued to improve the performance of the Eagle Ford.
Tim Leach: Yes. We haven't given guidance on things like that, but generally it reaches its plateau much sooner.
Tim Leach: We haven't completed all our planning for next year. That's what Ryan referred to that we're still going through. But I would tell you that as we're planning for Shell, until we get our hands on the steering wheel, that's just continuing the level of activity that they currently have going on there. I would tell you that we really believe strongly in the steadier she goes, and as we add activity, it will be ratable and I wouldn't call it a ramp, we call it slow steady growth, because I think that will build the most efficiency in our operations.
