Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks Christine and good morning to everybody. With me here today are Jeff Sheets, our EVP of Finance and our Chief Financial Officer and Matt Fox, our EVP of Exploration and Production. Jeff will cover the quarter’s financial highlights and then Matt will take us through the quarter’s operational highlights and provide some color on what to watch out for what’s to pay attention to for the remainder of the year. Then we’ll have Q&A in the last. During Q&A, if you can limit your questions to two. Of course, jump back into the queue if necessary. We will make some forward-looking statements this morning. And the risks and uncertainties in our future performance are described on page 2 of this morning’s presentation material and also in our periodic filings with the SEC. This information as well as our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations and additional supplemental information can be found on our website. Now we’ll turn the call over to Jeff.
Ellen DeSanctis: James, we’re looking at a couple things here. Hang on a second.James Sullivan – Alembic Global Advisors: Sure.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Asik [ph], appreciate it. And why don’t we call it good day. By all means, call IR if you have any follow-up questions. Thank you so much for joining us everybody and thank you, Christine.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: Matt, on Foster Creek, it seems like you [ph] have been facing some operating issue [indiscernible] has been up and the cost has been pretty high. Can you give us an update, what is the game plan and how confident you are that you can return that operation into say a couple of years ago tie off operating cost structure.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: Jeff, can you give us an update, any update at all related to the other sales plan in Canada or for their oil sand.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: So there’s no really any particular region or area that you think that you really have a hold and you want to be – substantially step up the land acquisitions strategic.
Matt Fox: Yeah, these are short-term measures that we anticipate it would happen. As these steam chamber [indiscernible] and you expect to see steam oil ratios and [indiscernible] under those circumstances. But they operate, there’s a good plan in place to regain the steam oil ratios that the Foster Creek exhales [ph]. And as we add Foster Creek this [indiscernible] and move the steam from some of the more well developed steam chambers that can use steams. So we feel pretty confident across the creek that it will return to the high performance that we’ve seen on the past.
Matt Fox: You know, Paul, of course, we’re always looking ahead the [indiscernible] to add opportunities to our portfolio. We’re focused on doing that organically. And the exploration and teams are out there – all the team looking for a high quality acreage that we can add early in life cycle. So yeah, of course we will. We always want to take opportunities to strengthen the portfolio. But it’s all about organic live growth for us.
Matt Fox: There’s no region where we [indiscernible] that really we have a particular hole, and I wouldn’t want to go in. And if we have any specifics [indiscernible] looking at. It wouldn’t be wise to do that.
Matt Fox: Yes. I mean, we are the biggest producer up there as you know Doug. And this change in the fiscal regime has opened up opportunities there to stabilize with the claim [ph] from our overall asset-based. Our asset-base up there declines of about 7.5% a year. So the development activity that we have going on just – and field development drilling and in the major projects that we are – that we’re kicking off, the engineering firm [ph] moving towards sanction, we’re hopeful that we should be – that we could stabilize Alaska production. And dependent on the – how the things basically as we [ph] put these development plans together, there’s a possibility that we could see growth in Alaska, but even just stabilizing production in an assay of [ph] that size and that maturity would be a pretty good accomplishment. And I think that’s achievable over the long run.
Matt Fox: Yes. That’s a good question, Paul. As you know that’s quite a lot geologic [ph]. But even though all these things are essentially in Shale [ph] there’s quite a lot of variability geologically as you move across the Bakken and as you move across the Eagle Ford. We think that the acreage that we have in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken is right in the sweet spot [indiscernible] in the Bakken is pretty clearly the sweet spot. The area where we have [indiscernible] maturity and sickness and pressure and geologic characteristics of our Eagle Ford position is strong. So I wouldn’t expect our results to be the same as everyone else else’s. I would expect the – over the – as we continue this development our returns will be higher than the average returns because of the position in the sweet spot. So you’re right, we didn’t pick – we didn’t ramp up the paces last to some other instead [ph]. We did that very intentionally. We try to do it right and do it fast and we will focus on maximizing value. And I think that the strategy that we’ve adopted in both of those places has gone a – has gone prove that to be the best long-term strategy.
Matt Fox: I mean, it is very dependent on how many rigs people choose to run. So I couldn’t see if that’s going to be the case for sure. But the – but we are going to see significant continued growth in both of those places as we showed a couple weeks ago.
Matt Fox: You know, it’s really hard to say, Paul, because – I mean, it depends on how quickly we’ve been growing so far and then what we tend to intend to do in the rig counts and I don’t even stay into [ph] that. But the – we are in the middle of the sweet spot in both places [ph] and we are really clear to our consistent strategy on how everyone execute that. And we’re continuing to see upside in both of those places that we’ll exploit over the next few years.
Matt Fox: Yes. So our operating cost in both place are really low. I mean, we’re below $5 a barrel in operating cost. So it’s a very low operating cost. That’s one other thing that contributes to the high margins, of course along with the high liquids yield in both places. On our capital cost spaces, I mean, for this – the sort of wells that [ph] we have driven the cost. So we are seeing a pretty much in line with what the rest of the industry are seeing up there. So obviously that competitive on operating – I mean, capital [ph] cost in both place.
Matt Fox: Yes. That’s right, Ed. When you tighten up the well spacing, it’s you saw we would expect [ph] the early period of production to look similar on wells tighter spacing and wider spacing. So it’s not until the – until you’ve got a sense of the decline characteristics that you can really get full understanding if the wells are interfering with each other and competing for the same oil or if not. And so, that – you’re right, you need – you need a few years to get – to get confidence in the – in the overall type of characteristics as you tighten up. You got to be careful not to load [ph] the pilot test to flatter to deceive because in the early days you do expect to see similar performance from wells on tighter spacing. So you do – that’s why obviously and then [ph] we need some time to make sure that we are – that we’re actually developing incremental reserves and having incremental values of tighten well spacing up.
Matt Fox: Yes. Yes. The – you know, this may not a very satisfactory answer Ed, because as you go through this 500 feet of sort of stack opportunity that exists in the Delaware basin in particular, you get a very significant variation from some – in some areas let’s say, gas with a high liquid yield and some areas let’s say is a relatively low API oil, in other areas you got a strong condensate yield. It’s going to be very variable. But it’s clear that over the long run, there’s going to be quite a bit of gas, NGLs condensate and this is going to grow in production in the Permian business as a whole. And as our understanding and the industry’s understanding will matures, that implications will what sort of [ph] off peak and the infrastructure requirements that are [indiscernible] fully evacuate all of these products from the Permian area.
Matt Fox: – but even in the Midland basin too, there’s going to be – there’s going to be some significant variation there. But I think – my sense there’s a wider variation in the Permian than the Delaware but time will tell.
Matt Fox: Yes. We’re very careful that if we are going to be just skeptical in an area [ph] that is deferring, we’re not going to lose opportunities. So the Western Canada, we’ve got huge infantry of opportunities there with a high liquid yields. And the European projects that we spoke about those are the deferrals [ph]. So both of those would give those areas for example are retaining opportunities to add growth in the later part of the – in 2017 and beyond. So I think that we’re making – we’re making pretty judicious capital allocation decisions that balance the short and long-term growth potential in the portfolio.
Matt Fox: Yes, probably. But every year we saw – we look at the – we look at the portfolio. One of the beauties of that portfolio is the level of flexibility that we have and the level of optionality that exists. But the – but in general, the ones that we’re talking about are probably more of that than [ph] opportunities to continue growth beyond 2017, but time – but we’ll see, yes.
Matt Fox: So there will be both but the production growth is relatively small. So each of those LNG tankers that we will load in K&I [ph] are about – contain about 2.7 high BCF of gas. And our expectation is that about 40% of that are soon will be [ph] equity gas, ConocoPhillips equity gas, and then there will be third party gas that we’re moving for those tankers as well. So there will be some production growth but annualized over the years relatively modest full [ph] [indiscernible] something like that over the year. But the – but we do get – we do get very good margins, good value from that business.
Matt Fox: So we can – on some of our wells we’ll only be maintaining essentially flat production for several months and so over those months, you’re choking the reservoir back. So it has implications for the first year average rate. And then so there does have implications for the observed decline rate. I think that’s where you’re getting at.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, [indiscernible] right. Okay, that’s helpful. Thanks a lot.
Matt Fox: No, we were anticipating that the legislature would support the governor’s approach to this. So our view of the spend profile for APLNG hasn’t really changed. We were hopeful that we’ll get to move in to pre-feed [ph]. And we’ve already selected a high-level concept and I think I’ve discussed in previous calls. But we need to get in to pre-feed [ph] hopefully in the second quarter here and that will last for over 18 months. And then we’ll move in to the feed program which will take two or three years. So really the sanction of the project, we’re probably looking out to 2017 or 2018 before we would actually sanction the full scale project. It takes about a time to [indiscernible] the engineering of something of that sort of scale as you can imagine.
Matt Fox: Not really. I mean, the way we’ve been encouraged, I mean, by the results for the other operators we’ve had in the area. We picked up acreage before the play had been tested. The results we’ve had sort of seeing other operators and then sort of giving us encouragement that we’re in the right part of the play and we’ll know that before we get to the end of this. We’ll have the first well done hopefully by before the end of the year. But no, no change in our views really as to what the materiality and prospect of [indiscernible] in our Angola position.
Matt Fox: No, we’re still pretty confident we’re hitting our milestones. The actual LNG plant itself on Curtis Island, I’m not sure if we’ve shipped all of the modules already but if we haven’t it’s pretty much all of the modules so we’re on track. We’ve built these plants before so we feel pretty confident that we’re on schedule there. And the upstream part of the project, we still have a lot of work to do there. Remember, we’ve got a lot of rigs running. We’re commissioning our gas plants, our handling facilities. But we’re still confident that the middle of 2015, we should be – have the LNG plant itself, the first train [ph] maybe and we should have the gas that we need to get that fully commissioned. So I would say that we feel that the project is on track.
Matt Fox: It’s more of the pig in the python thing for the North Sea. We had a huge turnaround last year in Norway, the biggest we’ve ever had. Yeah, there’s no significant turnaround going on in Norway this year or next year because we have [indiscernible] we have Norway in a three-year cycle. But with some short downtime at Eldfisk to tie in for the new Eldfisk II project, but it’s a handful of days from that. This year’s turnaround, it’s a little bit less than last year. I think it’s about 3% less in overall turnaround activity. But you’re right, these have been two relatively big years in turnarounds and that’s somewhat anomalous from that perspective.
Matt Fox: No, I think we’ll continue it. I mean, there are some really interesting wells that we’re drilling this year. But no, our – we’ve built an exploration portfolio that has a good mix of unconventional and conventional opportunities with the – as a portfolio that allows us to do this. So a significant testing this year but continuing that over the next several years in the Gulf of Mexico and elsewhere. I mean, we’re continuing to add to the exploration portfolio. So I’m hopeful that we’ll have the 2015 and the years beyond that we’ll still have an exciting exploration and appraisal program to exploit.
Matt Fox: No, well, on average I will say that it’s about 15% of our overall capital, about 2.5 billion a year. And some years a bit higher. This year, it will be about 2.1 billion for example. So it’ll be – it’ll fluctuate from year to year but it’s going to average, I think, around that 2.5 billion for the E&A [ph] program overall. And, of course, the split between conventional, unconventional Deepwater and shallower [ph] water, that’s clearly going to fluctuate as the best prospects mature and we get to the drilling phase of the lifecycle. But on average about 2.5 billion a year.
Matt Fox: Off the top of my head, I’m not 100% sure for the component of 2014. I would say it’s around 20,000 barrels a year [ph] for 2014 and that would be higher but I can’t remember how much higher in 2015, maybe another 20 by the time we get to 2015. So as, I mean, that’s a significant part of the growth and a high margin growth is – but how much we’ve produced this year in Malaysia is very dependent upon when Gumusut starts up the – but it is a significant part of the growth and it’s good high-margin growth. And so we have S&P [ph] on production. We have the Gumusut LA [ph] production system [indiscernible] now. We’ll bring on the fuel and flow production system for Gumusut and hopefully in the third quarter here, we’ll bring on Kebabangan and late in the fourth quarter we still have the Malakai project in execution just now. And we’ve got four or five other discoveries in the area that we’re moving forward through the appraisal and engineering stage. So it’s a good piece of business for us and it’s going to contribute to both our production and margin growths over the next few years.Asik Sen – Cowen and Company: Thanks.
Jeff Sheets: We’ve said on several occasions that we’ll continue to look for opportunities to liken our position on oil sands. But that is something that we’re going to watch or some of us state on that process, Paul. And there’s nothing that in our plans for 2014 in that regard.
Jeff Sheets: Hi, James.James Sullivan – Alembic Global Advisors: Oh, afternoon actually. I just wanted to hear if you guys have had any plans on reporting results. I know during the analyst day, you talked about ongoing spacing test into Bakken, testing I think down to maybe four middle Bakken wells for spacing unit out there. Is that an ongoing test? And give a timeframe where you might have results on that.
Jeff Sheets: What the net is – the net interest number is higher than it was – I’m not sure what really your question is. And we do expect interest expense to be higher because in effect we’re no longer capitalizing interest and you see that in the first quarter.James Sullivan – Alembic Global Advisors: Sure.
Jeff Sheets: So I’m not sure I’m following your question there James.James Sullivan – Alembic Global Advisors: I think I was just looking at the kind of sequentially at the numbers. I mean, I was – yes, it was up over Q1 ‘13 –
Jeff Sheets: G&A can also be a little bit lumpy as well quarter-over-quarter. I think we don’t try to give any guidance separate for production and operating cost and for G&A. What we said back at our analyst presentation as you recall is that we’ve see the combination of those to being $8.5 billion for this year which is a little bit higher than last year, but last year ramping up [ph] with growth.James Sullivan – Alembic Global Advisors: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Jeff Sheets: I would say – well, we made some – we made some comments about the obvious things. Price is of course as you point out were big drivers this quarter and in particular natural gas prices. But underlying the margin growth is still the same thing we’ve been talking about, the movement of our portfolio, the more liquids into more production in areas where tax rates are generally lower. And that’s the underlying effect, what we said, it was still around 5% this quarter. We’re not having linear volumes [ph] in the portfolio does make a 2% or 3% difference in cash margin see there every year [ph] for us this year. And of course the fact that we are able to sell gas at strong prices and have bargaining games that help this time as well. In terms of other impacts, we mention that there were some minor impacts on lift timing this year, this quarter. Overall, lift timing was a negative on earnings mostly in the Asia Pacific area, and it probably impacted Asia Pacific earnings by the order of $40 million to $45 million on – in terms of lift timing, and with relatively smaller impacts across the other segments. But other than those things, there wasn’t really anything very anomalous in the – in the numbers. You asked about kind of trends on cost, kind of like on the previous question, what we are seeing is cost are going up as production is going up. But all that is covered by the fact that we’re producing higher value product. So overall, cash margins are going up like we’ve been talking about.
Jeff Sheets: Kind of order of magnitude. I think the way I tend to think about it more is that the DD&A doesn’t – it doesn’t apply to all of our production since you get equity barrels as well. So you got in our portfolio about 200,000 barrels a day of equity accounting barrels which don’t have DD&A associated with them. So I would say our DD&A is probably more like 15, 15.5 right now. And that you may see that drift up a little bit as you go into the third and fourth quarters.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks.
Jeff Sheets: [Indiscernible] significant volumes in the fourth quarter in particular.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Second one, my follow up if I may, and just a quick one for Matt. Matt over the years it has been a debate between operators in the Eagle Ford on how you choke your wells. We’ve seen obviously [indiscernible] with some very, very strong rates and there obviously in our well pressure part the reservoir [ph]. There is others like pioneer I guess which are a little bit sort of view [ph] and not [indiscernible] as you guys are, big advocate of kind of choking back to routine reservoir [ph] quality. So I’m just wondering if you could show us how are you approaching that in terms of how you think about the well race that [ph] you’re getting at? Are you choking Bakken or you’re trying to manage towards out longer term recovery or how do you think about it, and I’ll leave it there [ph] there? Thanks.
Jeff Sheets: Yes, in that we had a quarter with very strong pricing. We had Brent near 110 still and WTI above 100 and very strong North American natural gas prices, of course, which helps our cash flow numbers. I think the way we like to think about it though is we’ve got the growth and production and margins happening which are going to get us to that neutrality point across a wide range of prices and how quickly we get there can be influenced by prices. But by – as we talked about it in the analyst presentation, by 2017, we’ve added considerable production at high margins and we’re going to have the size of cash flows that are going – across a pretty wide range of commodity prices are going to get us to that neutrality point. Yeah, that could back up to 16 if prices were higher. But we don’t count on having prices like we saw on the first quarter long term in order to – as the basis for our plans.
