Ryan Lance: Well, thank you, Mark. And for those -- Mark has elected to retire. So I want to start off by really thanking him for more than 30 years of dedicated service to our company and wish him well in retirement. And at the same time, I'd like to warmly welcome Phil Gresh, who will be joining our team next month as Vice President of Investor Relations. Now before I get into the results for the quarter, I'd also like to touch on a few things that continue to be top of mind for us. The ongoing tragic invasion in Ukraine and the residual implications from COVID have significantly impacted supply chains around the world, with shock waves driving both product shortages and elevated levels of volatility, including large swings in commodity prices. The combination of these factors has brought into sharp focus their critical importance of U.S. and global energy security and reliability. By fulfilling our triple mandate of responsibly and reliably meeting energy transition pathway demand, delivering competitive returns on and of capital and progressing towards achieving our net zero operational emissions ambition, we're playing a key role in providing secure, dependable energy solutions that are clearly needed around the globe. The guiding principles of our triple mandate were key to our recent actions and announcements regarding global LNG supply capacity, as the use of natural gas in place of coal and refining products represents an opportunity for significant reductions in greenhouse gas emissions around the world. We believe this reality is going to drive increasingly strong global LNG demand and related opportunities well into the future. As recently announced, we entered into an HOA with Sempra for a possible investment in the Port Arthur LNG project that's currently underway. The potential investment is designed to leverage our company's considerable strength as one of the largest gas producers and marketers in North America, while expanding our global LNG business. This potential investment is expected to be project financed and, if executed, would afford us the opportunity to participate in additional strategically located LNG projects, as well as to jointly pursue related emissions reduction opportunities. That announcement followed our recently completed 10% ownership increase in APLNG, as well as our selection to participate in Qatar's North Field East project, adding to our long positive relationship with Qatar Energy. Our recent decision to join the OGMP 2.0 initiative is also in service to achieving our triple mandate, as reducing greenhouse gas emissions, including methane, is an imperative for our company and our sector. Applying the rigorous OGMP 2.0 reporting standard, which incorporates third-party verification will be a vital step on our path to net zero operational emissions. Now before I turn the call over to Bill to cover the second quarter performance, let's discuss for a moment on the equally important returns element of our triple mandate. Looking at, first, at returns on capital, we generated a trailing 12-month ROCE of 24% in the quarter, 5 points higher than the 19% we delivered last quarter. Turning next to our returns of capital. Once again, we've increased our targeted 2022 distributions to shareholders, taking the total full year expected returns to $15 billion. This represents a 50% increase from the target announced last quarter with the $15 billion to be distributed across our three tiers of ordinary dividends, share repurchases and VROC. At current strip prices, this represents a return to shareholders of slightly more than 50% of our projected CFO for the year. Our commitment to achieving our triple mandate is unwavering and delivering competitive returns on and of capital to our shareholders through the cycles is a key component of that commitment. Now let me turn it over to Bill to cover our overall performance for the quarter.
Ryan Lance: Yes, Neil, I think if you're thinking -- if your question is specific to 2022, I think you can count on this return coming back to the shareholders in 2022. We took a broad look at the market from the volatility perspective that you described and felt comfortable that we could increase the distributions to $15 billion using the three channels that we've been using in the past. So you can count on that in 2022.
Ryan Lance: Yes. I wouldn't describe it as a growth orientation. I think we -- long term, we want to grow and develop our company. We're trying to do things, first and foremost, they fit within our construct of cost of supply in our portfolio. So we recognize the volatility in the markets. We don't want to be investing anything that has a cost of supply over $40. We recognize we need to do that to generate the free cash flow and generate the returns on and of capital. So everything that we're doing is in service to that. Now we do recognize that certainly post-Ukrainian invasion, and we've had long held this view that gas is going to be more of a transition fuel as we transition to lower carbon alternatives going forward, and we wanted to play. We have a lot of capacity in the gas space, both LNG and natural gas. We've got a very large position in North America, both between Alaska, Canada and the U.S. Lower 48, and we wanted to augment that with additional LNG liquefaction capacity. So we've been looking at this for quite some time, and the opportunity presented itself with Sempra. So, yes, there's some added scope. And clearly, we've signaled for quite some time that we wanted to participate in the expansion projects in Qatar. We think that's some of the lowest-priced gas in the world, and it's going to fit well globally. It could be directed to both Asia and to Europe going forward. So I think everything we're doing is in service to our cost of supply monitor in terms of how we think about the investments that we want to make, and that we're interested in growing the development of the company over the long term, and we believe we're at the front end of a pretty constructive cycle in the commodity business going forward just given our view of the macro supply-demand dynamics in the business today. So when these fit with our construct around how we think about the projects we want to invest in, they make sense for the company, they're consistent with our capabilities and our stuff that we're really good at in the company. So they make sense. Sometimes you can't dictate the pace to these things. And when they come and make themselves available, we're very interested in participating, like the deal with the opportunity with Sempra on the Gulf Coast liquefaction.
Ryan Lance: Yes, Stephen. I think let me take the last one first a little bit. This was a permitted kind of shovel-ready project. We like the location, we know that area pretty well and we like the expansion opportunities that come with it and the optionality that it creates on the site, scale and scope, which is why we chose Sempra over some of the other opportunities that kind of presented themselves on the Gulf Coast. And also the action link that it has to the West Coast LNG that they have with their Mexican opportunities that are going on there. So it was a really good fit. We know Sempra pretty well. We've worked with them in the past. A good fit culturally to the company and consistent sort of culture in terms of how we think about the business, the markets and where natural gas is going globally. More to your first part, yes, we think about this in a very integrated fashion. So it's not only liquefaction, but it's moving it into the market, and that it's a recognition that with the transactions we've done over the last year and the core assets inside the portfolio in the Lower 48, both Canada and the Lower 48, we recognize we've got a large potential natural gas position. And we want to create value for that position in a very integrated fashion. So it's the integrated nature of the project. Not any one element, but they all tie together. The ability to supply gas supply gas to the liquefaction facility, the taking of the 5 million tonnes of commitment moving it into the markets that we know really well and getting into that fully integrated chain is what interested us the most.
Ryan Lance: Yes, NEPA needs reform, Stephen. It can take 10 years or more cycle time. And it's not just our industry, it's all industries, even the guys that I talked to that are wind developers and solar farm developers complain to the same thing. It takes a long time, the coordination through all the various government agencies that have responsibility within the NEPA for process and it just takes a lot of time. So having some better coordination, giving some deadlines to response times, giving good public comment review periods, but don't let them extend and definitely like this administration tends to do a little bit and past administrations have tended to do for that matter. So you have a NEPA process is in desperate need of reform to try to make it run smoother, quicker, and have coordinating groups shepherd this through the various agencies that have some responsibility through the course of the process. And I understand they're looking at that, maybe it's a companion bill to the Schumer-Manchin bill. So it gives us a little bit of question as to whether or not it will get done, but it is in desperate need of some NEPA reform. Now Willow specifically, we've been in this process a long time, so we're in the final throes of that. We've got the supplemental EIS statement through the Department of Interior, it's out in the public comment today. Again, we'd like to -- the public has had plenty of time to comment on this project. I think we know where everybody stands. So it's time to make a decision to move forward. And we look forward to that record of decision coming here later this year so we can get moving forward on the project. We think we've satisfied all the concerns that the federal judge has had, and we're ready to move forward.
Ryan Lance: Jeanine, we look at a lot of things. We have an informed view of the supply-demand dynamics and the macro where it's going. There's a lot of volatility as you know in the market. So we wanted something that we could make sure that we could guarantee that we could deliver in 2022, even with the backward dated nature of the forward curve a little bit. But we have a pretty constructive on the commodity price. The other thing that kind of enters into our conversation is where we are on the balance sheet. We know we have a very, very strong balance sheet. We're interested in rebuilding a little bit of cash after the last transaction earlier this year that we spent some cash on, which has been a very good transaction for the company. We're really pleased with how that's going. And Jack can chime in on some of that if there's a later question. But I think it's -- where our cash position is on the balance sheet. We still want to build some cash on the balance sheet for the volatility we see in the market and the terms that we see going forward, but we're pretty constructive over the next few years on the commodity price. So we feel like the progress that we've made was pretty good that allowed us then to maybe increase the distribution back to the shareholders above and beyond maybe what the market might have been expecting over the last few months.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Maybe I'll say a few high words. Obviously, inflation is still with us. It's staying with us. It's different around the old different pieces of the world. Maybe I can ask Bill to chime in on some of that. And then Nick, maybe you can address Jeanine's question specifically on the timing of NFE.
Ryan Lance: Yes. So Jeanine, that's incremental. If it did -- if a catch-up payment that did occur this year, that would be incremental to the $7.8 billion that we guided to.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Let me -- I'll start that. Maybe I can have Bill chime in a little bit on the commercial aspects of what we're doing in this space. But you're right, Roger. I think we look at it, again, very integrated nature. So we're marketing 7 to 8 Bcf a day of gas every day in North America. So we're -- the opportunity to supply gas into a multiple train project at Port Arthur, Texas is intriguing to us, then our commitment to take the 5 million tons, we've got a lot of experience moving it into the market. Bill can describe. We got a commercial team in London. We got a commercial team in Singapore. We're used to both the European and the Asian markets. We'll figure out how best to move that 5 million tons and there may be a spot compliment to that. We don't know. We'll work that out as we go through. But that very integrated nature all the way from the supply side through taking the gas and selling it to customers is what was of interest to us in looking at it on an integrated fashion. I don't know, Bill, if there's any more color you might provide on the commercial side.
Ryan Lance: And the other part, Roger, I would say, Jack could chime in too here, but just the gas resource that we have as a result of the transactions over the last couple of years, we've got a very large, high-quality gas resource that we could -- we hope to be pivoting to over time to even supply a lot of this gas.
Ryan Lance: Well, I think, generally speaking, the Schumer-Manchin bill is I'm not sure if it's a good time ever to the increasing taxes and increasing government spending, just as a general economic policy, and that's a large part of what this bill goes to. Now specific to our industry, at least the agreement recognizes that natural gas and oil are an important part of the energy transition and they're going to be here for decades. So that's a positive. I think the methane feed to your point, it's got some books in it. We'll have to see how it develops over time and comes out with the extra regulation coming out of EPA. Our general view is if you're going to regulate it, why do you have to put a fee on top of that. We'll have to see how that's structured. It generally won't, as we understand it today, maybe impact companies like ConocoPhillips that have been very proactive in the emissions space. And you saw our OGMP 2.0 agreement to join that, specifically targeting methane itself. So at least the agreement incentivizes some carbon capture by addressing the 45Q. So it's uncertain right now. The earlier comment, I think, from Stephen on NEPA reform, too, there's supposed to be a companion bill that comes with this that addresses a lot of that, and that leaves a lot of uncertainty in the process. So kind of mixed views at this point in time, Roger.
Ryan Lance: Yes, Paul. We're in the market quite a bit. I think a lot of our focus right now in the Lower 48, and Jack can comment on as well as doing a lot of the core up. We noted that in some of our slides. So it's -- we've been a lot of focus right now on swapping and trading acreage with the large transaction that we did earlier this year to try to corp the acreage so we can make sure we're not drilling 1 mile, but we're drilling the -- we have the opportunity to drill the two and the three-mile laterals. We've seen a lot of the -- we looked at the bolt-on that you described. In the Bakken here more recently, we call all of the Eagle Ford. I guess, the bar is still pretty high in our company, and we're pretty -- we rigidly follow our $40 and $50 cost of supply cutoffs. So all in, any acquisition comes in have to have a lower than $50 and the future exploitation of the asset has to have something that's lower than $40 to compete in our portfolio. So the margin is pretty high. We watch all of them, and we're doing a few of them, but more of them are around the swaps in the Permian. I don't know, Jack, you might -- if you have anything to add there at all.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Jack. And on to your second part, Paul, I think the thing to remember this year is there's a little bit of the buyback pace was influenced by the swap that we had with Cenovus swapping out of the shares that we own there into the shares of ConocoPhillips. But we're going to watch the market. Obviously, we're going to watch where our share prices are trading and how much we put to the cash side of it versus the share buyback. I'd say somewhere in that two-third, one-third, so 60%, 40% is probably something that you should expect for the year, this year. And then we'll relook at that, revisit that next year as we go through our planning process. And that includes the typical fourth quarter increase to the ordinary dividend. We'll take that under advisement with the Board and be thinking about that. That cash return portion as we think about the market and think about where the company is positioned. But I think roughly what you see this year is probably something closer to a 60-40 split between buybacks and cash.
Ryan Lance: Well, Neal, we look at all the different ways of thinking about shareholder value. And I think it starts to your point earlier that we have a commitment to return at least 30% of the cash from operations. Not free cash flow, cash from operations back to the shareholder. If you look at our track record, it's been well over 40% as the commodity prices strengthened and the quality of the investment program and what we're doing continue to lower cost of supply has been sort of an active mantra inside the company. So I'd say what we're trying to do is reduce our capital intensity. We're trying to manage the capital as low as we can for the scope that we'd like to commit. So we go into our planning cycle thinking what is our view of the macro and that sets an amount. We can afford the capital we can invest, having taken 30% of our cash right off the top. We think that's a better value proposition to the shareholders rather than just focusing on either growth or return to capital. So it is a combination of the two. We want to grow and develop the company over the long haul. We want to make sure that the shareholders are getting an adequate part of that cash back right off the top. So we have to live with the capital or the cash that's left over. And then in the course of that, we recognize that the value of the balance sheet, which is like another asset, a huge asset inside the company, and we want to make sure that the balance sheet is as strong as it possible, which means we'll carry some cash and we'll carry some cash on the balance sheet because of the volatility we see in the commodity markets, the scope that we want to execute to grow and develop the company and we're not shooting -- we don't have a growth target in mind. It's an output from our plans to make sure that we're maximizing our returns on and of capital. So we'll adjust our plans to make sure that we're hitting those two really key components, returns on and of capital. And then out of that comes a production number and a sequencing of the projects to allow the further growth in the development of the company over the long haul.
Ryan Lance: Yes. I think, Leo, we're trying to think ahead as well and it may spur some different sort of development plans inside our Lower 48 Canadian portfolios. But just a recognition that we have quite a bit of gas resource and its associated gas primarily that comes with the oil production that we're doing. But we're thinking about that in terms of what the pipe add and the capacity adds coming both to the Gulf Coast and going west to California and down to Mexico. So we're -- as Bill described earlier, we're a top three gas marketer in North America. So we know where these markets are going. We have an informed view of where these markets are going and how we can supply gas into those markets. And to make sure to the extent there's an arbitrage between domestic Henry Hub and Europe and Asian prices that we have the opportunity to step into that and take advantage of that arbitrage. And we're not just stuck with one marker in North America that we're selling our gas to. So it is a very integrated look at it and a very informed look at it to make sure that when we see that these arbitrages open up between the various regions around the globe that we can take advantage of that and be in a position to take advantage of that when others can't do it.
Ryan Lance: Let me start, and I'll kick it to Bill a little bit. I think a lot of that is still work to be done. I think Raphaël, in terms of the marketing of the gas will probably follow very similar approaches to what Qatar has done in the past. But Bill can supply a little bit of view. I think the focus of the project right now is the construction in EPC.
Ryan Lance: Yes, Raphaël, I think we're still in that 900,000 barrel a day. And let me -- that's an exit -- to exit sort of entry to exit kind of number for 2022. And we see maybe a similar but maybe slightly lower number as we go into 2023 if these commodity prices stay at the kind of levels that we're seeing and we get the inflationary forces that we're seeing in the Lower 48 and the constraints there are on the supply chain and on labor and some of the other key pieces of the spend that this industry does in the Permian primarily. So yes, we're pretty -- those are the kind of entry to exit kind of rates that we see for this year and next year.
Bill Bullock: Well, thanks, Ryan. And as you noted, we generated a return on capital employed of 24% on a trailing 12-month basis. On a cash adjusted basis, that improves to 27%. Turning to earnings per share. We generated $3.91 per share in adjusted earnings in the quarter. This was driven by strong realized prices and production of almost 1.7 million barrels of oil equivalent per day. As we previously mentioned, production volumes in the second quarter were reduced by scheduled turnaround, as well as some unplanned weather and other minor impacts. Lower 48 production averaged 977,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the quarter, including $634,000 from the Permian, 233,000 from Eagle Ford and 91,000 from the Bakken. Operations across the rest of our global portfolio also ran well, leading us to generate $7.8 billion in cash from operations in the quarter, excluding working capital. This includes roughly $750 million in distributions from APLNG, and we continue to project full year distributions of $2.3 billion, with roughly $300 million expected in the third quarter. We also invested $2 billion back into the business in the second quarter, resulting in free cash flow of $5.9 billion. That more than covered the total $3.3 billion we returned to shareholders in the quarter, as well as the $1.9 billion used to reduce total debt. These actions taken in combination with the $600 million in disposition proceeds and the repurchase of approximately $300 million in long-term investments, resulted in ending cash of $8.5 billion as of June 30. Turning to the second half. We provided a third quarter production guidance range of 1.7 million to 1.76 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, and reduced our full year production from 1.76 million to 1.74 million per day. That's primarily related to risking of projected production from Libya in the second half of the year, as well as some modest updates across the portfolio. Now in conjunction with these changes, we reduced DD&A guidance from $7.7 billion to $7.6 billion for the year. We also increased full year 2022 adjusted operating cost guidance to $7.5 billion from the prior $7.3 billion. Now this is reflecting commodity-related price impacts. We reduced guidance for the corporate segment loss from $1 billion to $900 million, primarily due to lower interest expense resulting from our recent debt reduction and higher interest earned on cash balances, along with some restructuring efforts. Operating capital guidance for the year remains unchanged at $7.8 billion. So to sum it up, we have delivered another strong quarter across all aspects of our triple mandate. Our diverse global asset portfolio continues to run well. We returned $3.3 billion to our shareholders in the second quarter, ended the quarter with $8.5 billion of cash and short-term investments and increased our full year return of capital target to $15 billion. We continue to strengthen our fortress balance sheet, and we have reduced total debt by $3 billion year-to-date. And we further enhanced our low-cost energy transition-oriented portfolio by expanding our current and future presence in the growing global LNG market and by joining the OGMP 2.0 initiative. Now with that, let's go to Q&A.
Bill Bullock: Yes, sure, Ryan. So Jeanine, we continue to expect our overall company inflation to be in the 7% to 8% range, and that's what's reflected in our capital guidance of $7.8 billion, just like we talked about in the first quarter call. Like everyone else, with our higher activity levels in Permian, that's where we're experiencing the most inflation, what we're watching, and we're continuing to keep an eye on that.
Bill Bullock: Yes. Sure, Ryan. Roger, as Ryan highlighted, is this integrated nature that's most exciting about it. We are one of the largest marketers in North America, certainly a top five marketer. I think lately, we're pushing number two. So we're very comfortable with supply, and we move orders of magnitude above our physical production. So the optionality that being able to supply LNG regas facilities is pretty interesting to us. It's also interesting to us in terms of ensuring strong flow assurance for our own production. And then we've got a history of well over 40 years of marketing LNG through Asia. We started the trade into Japan with our Kenai facility. We've been in the LNG business for quite a long time. As Ryan mentioned, we've got offices in London, Singapore and Japan. We've been moving spot volumes in the market here off of APLNG. And so it's a part of the market we know quite well and pretty excited about this integrated nature of being able to create value across that chain.
Bill Bullock: Yes, sure. Happy to, Doug. We moved into a U.S. tax paying position in the second quarter. And of course, the amounts and timing through 2022 can vary depending on price and other market conditions. But the majority of our U.S. taxes in the second quarter were paid in cash with very minimal offsets from NOLs. And looking at the limitations on NOLs, we'd expect to be our tax payments through 2023 to be reduced only slightly, but not eliminated. So at a high level, we're in a cash tax paying position. Our effective tax rate for the second quarter was about 32%. Moving forward, I expect our effective tax rate to stay in the mid-30s assuming production lines with our guidance and forward curves.
Bill Bullock: Yes. If you're talking about the 15% corporate minimum tax pursuit proposed an IRA, we don't expect that to have any material impact on the company because we exceed a 15% minimum tax across our jurisdictions.
Bill Bullock: Yes, sure. If you look at our realizations overall, and we provided a summary of that in the supplemental information, total realizations for the quarter were about 78% of Brent. That's really driven by four factors as we look at it, John. First is, that's the narrowing of the Brent, WTI spread. Brent increased about 12%. WTI was about 15%. Henry Hub was up significantly more compared relative to Brent, it was up 44%. So that's impacting the total realizations. And then on the crude side, in particular, we had better realizations coming out of Alaska for the quarter. That's really last to returning to more of its normal type realizations. In the first quarter, you may recall we had an impact for our HollyFrontier refinery downtime in the first quarter that was impacting our prices. And then we saw better realizations out of Norway. That's really driven by cargo timing across the quarters. So that's really what's impacting our crude realizations across the company.
Bill Bullock: Yes, I think that's right, Ryan. And I would just reflect on Cutter Gas and Cutter Energy has been very, very successful. They're one of the largest gas LNG marketers in the world. They've been very successful about placing those volumes and the project will continue to have those places through that format. So I think it watch this space, but just reflect that Cutter Gas, Cutter Energy have been very, very effective at placing gas over time into valued markets.
Jack Harper: Yes. This is Jack. In general, the production in both the Lower 48 and in the Permian is back-half weighted, and we expect low single-digit growth year-over-year on a pro forma basis. But on an entry-exit basis, we expect Lower 48 to grow in the mid- to high single digits with the Permian at the higher end of that range. As for expectations for activity, good news is we're -- we plan to run steady in the back half of the year, and we are currently running the number of rigs that we plan to run for the rest of the year.
Jack Harper: Yes. I would just add that since the Concho deal closed at the beginning of last year, the team has done 15 of these swaps and trades in the Permian this quarter, about 25,000 acres. And we have about that same number of deals in various stages currently. And the significance about that amount of acreage is that's at least a year's worth of Permian drilling activity, all of those extended lateral lengths.
Jack Harper: Sure. We value flexibility in general in the program. We do have some modest amount of our rigs and frac spreads contracted. But what we're doing to mitigate that are several things. I mentioned those swaps and trades earlier. By the end of this year, we will have been able to drill 80 3-mile wells in the Permian over the last two years. We're drilling those wells faster. We're employing some frac technology in various places. And we're also keeping our programs steady, which we really have always valued, keeping a steady program and also keeping competition amongst our vendors, and we have all those things in place right now. So we're doing all we can, but there is still inflation out there.
Jack Harper: This is Jack again. Good question. Yes, first of all, I'm very proud of the work the team is doing down in the Eagle Ford in all aspects of the business. But in the second quarter, specifically, there were some disproportionately weighted completions in the Eagle Ford. We're also having great success continuing that refrac program there. And in general, the Eagle Ford is growing towards its plateaued production, but it's not there yet. So it will be a continued source of Lower 48 production growth.
