J. Mulva: Okay. Well, you've asked quite a number of questions, essentially what are our basic plans with capital structure and allocation of cash. And so as Clayton said, we look at our debt balance, and we're pretty satisfied at about $23 billion. Although it could go down a little bit more, maybe $1 billion, but we think around $23 billion, $22 billion fits for us in terms of our debt objectives. We'll see the debt ratio at the end of the year, net debt at, say, 25% moving down because we essentially don't pay out all of our earnings in the form of dividends. And the other thing is, is we don't particularly have a hoard of maturing debt coming immediately in the next short period of time. And so we don't feel that we should be paying a premium to reduce debt that's pretty tax efficient. So for guidance, I think you should be looking at us saying as we look at the end of 2010 and going into 2011, we're pretty comfortable with debt at $22 billion and $23 billion. The other thing we've said is that we like to have annual dividend increases. Well, we increased our dividend late 2008 and we had a 10% increase early part of 2010. So you look forward to 2011, why, if we follow through on the plans, you can look at some dividend increase. And look at our capital spending. Capital spending for this year is going to be in the neighborhood of $11 billion to $12 billion. That's what we would expect it will be, $11 billion to $12 billion. And so if we look out to the next year in 2011, where we’ve said we haven't finalized plans or that, but with the things that we are doing in the company probably our capital spend might be in the neighborhood of $12 billion or $13 billion because we have a lot of projects that we are working on. Another thing that we’ll probably do as we look at the end of this year, we'll probably carry cash balances in the neighborhood of, for guidance purposes, let's say $2 billion. The reason we do that is because there may become opportunities for us to participate whether it's deepwater Gulf of Mexico or shale gas, coal bed methane opportunities in the Lower 48 or other places of the world. And so we look at that and we say, well, we just want to have cash available in an order and magnitude of about $2 billion because we think the things we might do might be a couple hundred million dollars, half a billion dollars, something like that. In terms of the deepwater gulf of Mexico, we look at it, and we say well, it's way too early to determine what are the opportunities because we don't know what we have a moratorium on, we don't know what the rules, regulations, risk/reward, liability situation is so it’s really way premature to get into something like that so the guidance we’re really giving you is we’re saying well, we carry $2 billion in cash, we get debt down to $22 billion, $23 billion, don't have to take it down anymore, we raise the divided next year and so then when we look at it and we say, okay, given how we sell our shares while we sell our shares of LUKOIL we'll start really buying our shares probably for the middle of August in an even pace and we like the idea of just kind of averaging this over time. So on the basis of what we did, is we sell LUKOIL shares, we buy our own shares and then we have to take a look at what the market gives us in terms of cash flow from commodity prices and crack spreads. So hopefully, I’ve tried to give you our basic approach to what we're doing for the rest of 2010 and 2011.
J. Mulva: It will be a kind of a ratable approach so much and we’ll spread this out over 6 to 12, all the way up to the end of 2011. The fact that we sell that first block on August 16, the Russian shares where we’ll actually have sold more Russian shares than we have purchased but we'd like to get back on to a more ratable situation where we sell the LUKOIL shares and we buy ConocoPhillips shares, but there’s a little bit of catch-up in terms of buying our own shares so we might do a little bit more as we go through the third and fourth quarter.
J. Mulva: Well, we really feel that we need to get this industry back to work. And the industry is ready to work. We have to do this because if we don't, drilling rigs and people start to leave the Gulf and they leave the Gulf, they don't come back a month or two later. They leave permanently for one or two years. And we look at the Gulf of Mexico, we know the resource are there. We need to develop our indigenous resources. It's employment and then employment leads to investment, and employment leads to returns, and taxes are paid to states and to the federal government. So for every reason, we really believe that we can put the industry back to work, that's important. The other thing is as we look at our company, we obviously as I said earlier, we’ve got to know what the risk/rewards we need to go with the rules and regulations are and that's hopefully it’s going to get sorted out here more quickly than we've seen so far. For our company, for the past several years, we’ve looked before the Deepwater Horizon incident, we felt that we wanted to have – we were underrepresented in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. We want to have more of a position. So we in the last several license rounds, we've been picking up acreage pretty aggressively. And then we've been trying to farm in, and we’ve tried to do that. So now, we find with the Deepwater Horizon incident that we find ourselves while we don't think necessarily we’re advantaged, but we don't think we're disadvantaged. And so we look at a company like ourselves and we say we have the capability, the technology, the experience, we can do this. So we want to be opportunistic, and we feel we are the right kind of company to do this. So if smaller companies don't want to continue to participate and we see the risk/reward and the rules and regulations okay, we’d like to do more in the Gulf of Mexico, but we're not going to do this until we know what the rules are and what the risk/rewards are going to be.
J. Mulva: Well, we've announced here just recently that we’re not going forward with the very large project in Wilhelmshaven. You’ve got great refining assets. And you could see by the second quarter results that we've done quite a bit better than we even expected when we went into this year with crack spreads and the business environment. How sustainable are they? They’re really going to depend upon supply and demand situation and the economy and whatever. We continue to really work hard. We did say earlier this year our strategic plan is to lighten up the portfolio on the Refining side and we thought that we could better do this for value creation purposes in 2012. But we're not sitting on our hands, letting the grass grow. We're out there trying to figure out can we venture? Can we somehow or another participate with someone else? Can we pick the asset or can we sell the asset? So the marketplace looks like it's a little bit better than it was six months ago, but we don’t really have any more to pass along than we are working to accelerate our strategy of lightening up the portfolio on the Refining side of the business just like we outlined earlier this year.
J. Mulva: Okay, what's changed with respect to our ownership in LUKOIL. I think it's certainly the business environment. If we look back five or six years ago, what took place with the very deep worldwide recession, the financial crisis in the latter part of 2008, access issues. As I said earlier, the development of opportunities not just within Russia, but outside of Russia and some of the reason for why we put the strategic relationship together was to do more things together in Russia and outside. And that really hasn't materialized quite like we thought. Not because of lack of interest or intent, but the business environment’s quite different than it was. And so we have a pretty complex shareholders agreement. And so we initially outlined and disclosed we were going to sell half of our interest, 10%, but we were also during that time period working on the 20%, essentially selling all of our interest and that takes time. And we just felt we wanted to get going so that's why we announced the 10%. There's not really a change. There has been a pretty consistent approach and it’s taken time and that's really my response on that. The other second question you said is, well, we’ve built ConocoPhillips over last 10 years and there's been a great deal of M&A activities from mergers to acquisitions, ventures, whatever. Things like what we did within Canada with the refining side now with Synovis. And when we look at our portfolio objectives going forward, I really think that the world really has changed. And we’ve said this in our meetings with the financial community, the Analyst meeting, M&A opportunities, you look at them, they're feeling far between. You're very expensive and you have to really question do you create value for the shareholder? Our emphasis is on how do we improve all of our metrics. Return on capital, foreign cash return on capital, work per share metrics and reserves and then, by the way, when we sell ultimately our 20% interest in LUKOIL, our metrics production per share, reserve per share, cash per share all of that, when you look at the ConocoPhillips, E&P segment, they all improved somewhere in the order of magnitude of like 10%. So we have as we’ve said, we’ve got 40 billion plus of resources. We've got plenty of resources. Yes, you never have enough. You keep working for it. We want to improve and get more exploration success, but we can create a lot of value if we, as we said, convert these resources, 1 billion BOE a year into proven reserves, and do this well, we’re going to create a lot of value for shareholders, and we don't compromise the balance sheet and we don’t put a share stock up. And that's really a plan.
J. Mulva: Sure, Jason. So looking at Eagle Ford, we're seeing of the 13 wells we’ve drilled and the seven we've completed, we're seeing IP rates anywhere in the range of, let's say, between 1,500 to 2,500 BOE per day. We do have some that are on the higher side of that where we’ve got gas being produced. I guess our best well is around close to six MCF a day and oil is 1,600 BOE per day. So you’ve got an MMcf per day of close to 16. But I would say on an MCF or a BOE per day, on a BOE per day basis, we're seeing something around 2 at Eagle Ford. I think, and that's the information I have on Eagle Ford, right? As I mentioned on Poland, the well that we've finished there was more of a data collection well. We got some logs and things to look at, and we don't have anything to disclose on that this year, and I don't have anything in front of me on Bakken other than to say that within the total Wilson Basin area that we’re producing somewhere around 30,000 barrels a day. This is an area that's interesting to us. We’ve ramped up our capital spend from about, from somewhere around $200 million to close to $500 million. This would also be an area you would expect us to increase capital spending into 2011 and 2012. As you look at places where sources of growth for ConocoPhillips, I would say, Eagle Ford, Bakken, Permian and then as you look up into Horn River or the Mahtne [ph 51:22], or into Poland or China, those are probably longer in terms of the amount of time it takes to wrap up production, you’re probably looking at beyond the 2011 time frame. I don’t know if that helps.
J. Mulva: Well, that's the real question in the marketplace is that we've indicated that we're going to sell two tranches of LNG and the plan is to get that done by the end of this year. We're working very hard on it with the idea of going forward in FID at the end of this year as well. So if plans haven't changed the record guys are halfway through the year, but we're working very hard on this.
J. Mulva: It comes with respect to unlimited liability. We really don't think that's appropriate as it really will end up being quite punitive to the industry and the result will be I don’t think we’ll see the industry getting back to work. I mean, at best, only the very largest companies and it’s a question of where they live, [indiscernible 53:23] the risk/reward it being acceptable to going forward in Deepwater Gulf of Mexico with unlimited liability. So I can't speak for other companies, but I think the result of that will be that we will just not have the activity, and we will not develop the resources if we have that kind of situation. Property insurance for the oil spill insurance fund, we have to make sure that whatever we do, if there are changes to it, and it's done in a way that those funds have collected are really used in the case of a very unfortunate tragic incident. That's what they need to be used for and more of a collective mutual insurance by the industry, in the sense you pay in than to be a vehicle by which the government collects money from the industry and uses it for other things other than it's intended purpose. So this are really very, very important things that need to be sorted out and are going to have a direct impact on whether we get the industry back to work and develop the resources that we know we have in the Gulf of Mexico.
J. Mulva: No, I don’t believe we have, but we do have planned several more appraisal wells we're going to have to do before we assess its potential and then ultimately, it’s moving forward commercialization. But everything, we're pretty pleased, and it's promising.
J. Mulva: If I think I follow your question, they obviously are going to look at [indiscernible 56:08] of what took place with the Deepwater Horizon incident, Gulf of Mexico. But on the other hand, we do see that in the areas that you mentioned there was no moratoriums for us. Obviously, they want to make sure that they're looking and checking and everything’s in good order for any of our exploration or drilling activities in those areas, but no moratorium. And we wouldn’t expect one. And we haven't seen any change with respect to, in those areas, legislation or requirements for different forms of liability here in that regard. It’s just more vigilance, making sure that things are done right, but no moratoriums and no changes, and as we see at this point, regulations or other impacts.
J. Mulva: No, we haven’t placed a timetable on us because we're satisfied whether there’s a term on it creates value for us, not a great deal of value, and we recognize its value as a term loan on the balance sheet, so everything we do from here has got to have upside.
J. Mulva: Oh, no. There’s regulations, labor rights and all, in Germany and in Europe that the employees stay for some extended period of time, but we can come back to you on that. So the cost associated with the personnel will take some time as it works off.
J. Mulva: Given the 7.6% that's being sold plus the 0.8% already sold, you're getting up 8.4% sold at the end of August, and we don't know for sure, but you could just say that probably, it will be at the 10% or less probably by the end of this year. So we’re going to be losing equity accounting pretty soon. And we’ll come out and give you more guidance on that when we better determine it but maybe you should be thinking that when you look at 2011 there’s probably not equity accounting.
J. Mulva: Well, obviously, the proposed super profits tax was just not a starter for our project or all of the projects. So our move to something significantly less is welcome. But on the other hand, probably our methane to LNG is really a new activity. And that's a great opportunity for Australia and for Queensland for investment, appointment and a lot of fiscal taxes to be paid to the entities. And so it's -- although it's LNG ultimately, it has different, very different, dynamics and has an offshore traditional project where you have liquids and gas and you bring it ashore and you have an LNG project. So we are continuing to work to state that case to the Canberra and to the authorities of the government that we really shouldn’t be looking at any changes in taxation. Where we really should be looking at is incentives for this type of a project. So hopefully, I’ve tried to give you some color on this, Arjun.
J. Mulva: Well, as we sell our shares in LUKOIL, and we said primarily will be used to purchase shares in ConocoPhillips, obviously we can adjust that to some extent if the business environment gets worse for some reason, I don't think so. I think the recovery in the world and the U.S. is slow. I don't think we're in for a double dip, but let's just say we were in for something unfortunate like a double dip. Well then we might look at it from a liquidity point of view and I'll say well maybe we shouldn't be taking the proceeds and maybe we should sit on a little bit more cash than $2 billion or $3 billion. Maybe there'll be opportunities come our way, maybe there's another day to buy the shares so that's really how we would adjust it.
J. Mulva: But I would say responding to John, in the short-term, I can't remember the exact number. So should we come off around the neighborhood of gross 3 million barrels a day down to something like 2.2 and we say that's over the short-, the medium-term time period. Now if you look at the longer-term time period, it may be that there’s even less refining exposure and what left is left in terms of refining exposure has got to be only the largest, most sophisticated refineries that have some tie to feed stock, to some kind of venture. Or something like we've done with Synovis. So I think it’s a progression of watching what's taking place in the world and what the risk/reward situation is, but I think the emphasis would be going from 3 million barrels a day down toward 2.2 with time and then even further looking out into the future you have to ask yourself what you think of this business and potentially even growing less than that.
J. Mulva: Well, certainly lowering the portfolio towards the refining side of the business, the other you asked on earlier is what about the impact in the U.S? And I would have to say whether it's U.S. or most of our refining exposure’s in the U.S., but we'd have to look at the smaller less sophisticated refineries, do they fit or they don't? Get more challenge.
J. Mulva: Well, probably, we'd say the following about production, but I think Clayton has been talking with the buy and sell side in his normal way of how we present and talk about all this. The first is probably when we started the year. The impact on production from asset dispositions is probably a little less than we might have thought on the average for the year. We're getting good value for what we sell, but when we sell it, we're selling it, it’s taking us a little longer than we thought to make sure we get good value. So from a production impact this year, it's probably less than you might have thought. The other bit is the analyst meeting back, I think it was March, we said that just assume that when we're done and we complete $10 billion asset dispositions, we're going to go from something like the 1.8 million BOE a day to something down like, say, maybe 1.7. A little bit more, little bit less than that, but just for guidance purposes, think 1.7. And then we've been saying that for the next several years given our portfolio, that production will go down maybe 1% a year. Actually this is an excellent growth on everything, goes down 1% a year for two or three years, then it starts coming up in absolute terms. And it comes up in absolute terms because we bring on some of these new large projects, and then they go for a very long period of time. Like the oil sands in Canada, they just go for 30, 40 years. So what we've been doing is per share metrics as we buy our shares in, we’re going to see these per share metrics production’s going up even when absolute level production goes down 1% a year. It’s going up by 3%+ and then as we continue, say over a period of time, we keep buying our shares in, but we increase the absolute level then the per share metrics really get levered up quite a big higher more than that. That’s the plan.
Clayton Reasor: So Kronos was a discovery. I guess you could also look at it as an appraisal well, but we haven’t shared what our future drilling activity is in browse.
Clayton Reasor: Well, we plan to use the equity method of accounting for our investment of LUKOIL until we believe we no longer have significant influence. I think that's the term. And so we'll look at what the situation is. But given our rights, it's unlikely that we would lose significant influence until our ownership falls below 10%. So the short answer to your question it we will use equity accounting, we would expect to use equity accounting until our ownership falls below that level. And then when stop using equity accounting, we’d no longer report our equity share of LUKOIL earnings. We wouldn't report our equity share of LUKOIL production and reserves.
Clayton Reasor: Well, the only thing I would say on the U.S. refineries, yes, it's improved a little bit. And we've seen a few transactions, smaller transactions take price, that's good to see versus no transaction because you can see that people are starting to get interested. And we talked to all of those people and people who we think ought to for strategic reasons have a participation in it. I would just say that compared to the late last year, early this year, the interest and the discussions, not that I’m signaling in any way a transaction’s coming. I’m not. I'm just saying that there's more meaningful discussions and interest in refineries in this part of the business than there were six months ago. Now whether that’s going to translate into us doing something way premature because we don't know.
Clayton Reasor: Yes, I think there’s really some of both there, John. I think that if you look at us over the last two or three years, greater proportions of our capital is going to exploration, and I think our exploration prospects have been more directed at wildcat Big E-type opportunities with running room rather than the traditional exploitation work that we had been doing, say, in the earlier part of the decade. So directionally, I would say more capital into Exploration and the types of wells we're drilling are higher risk.
Clayton Reasor: Well, we talked a little bit about that. We’ve said that we would like to reduce our refining exposure to 15% of our company's capital employed. We just didn't think that the time to do that was the environment that we're currently seeing given the depressed state of the economy.
Clayton Reasor: So it looks like we’ve run out of time. We appreciate everybody's participation. Happy with any follow-up questions that you may have. You can find the material on our website. You'll see the slides and the presentation material. We appreciate your participation and your interest in ConocoPhillips. Thank you very much.
Sigmund Cornelius: That's exactly right. But I think just because we made the announcement this quarter, there have been discussions about Wilhelmshaven and how to venture it or convert it on an ongoing basis. So whether or not we make those final decisions this year, I don’t know if we’ve put a timetable on ourselves to say they’ll be done or not.
Sigmund Cornelius: We're pretty close to balanced. We're less over-lifted now than we were. There’s a slight over-lift position, but it's immaterial, one or two a day.
Sigmund Cornelius: Yes, when we look at our controllable cost for both E&P and Refining and Marketing, we're down, if you add them both together, we’re down about $300 million. But the biggest sources of the increase are higher foreign exchange costs, foreign exchange, but I can walk you through that calculation. We actually show absolute costs being flat to lower in our segment. So if there's an increase, the increase would come from, I guess, smaller production or not adjusting for foreign exchange. But we don't show an increase in -- we don't see an increase in our prevented operating cost.
