Bill Bullock: Hi, Phil. So yes, for the quarter, cash from operations, ex working capital was about $1.230 billion. And we had a couple of one-time benefits in the quarter, a legal settlement and an audit settlement totaling $130 million of that. But we also had curtailments in the quarter of about 90,000 barrels a day. So the foregone cash flow for that would have been about $150 million of cash. So if you think of a clean run rate number for the quarter, a good place to be thinking is about $1.250 billion for the quarter. Now you asked about equity distributions. We did have a distribution from APLNG in the quarter. We received distributions through the second quarter of about $500 million from APLNG. And for the remainder of the year, we're expecting a little under $200 million in the fourth quarter. That would give a full year distribution of somewhere around $680 million to $700 million for the year.
Bill Bullock: Yes. Sure, Neil. This is Bill. I think as you're thinking about equity affiliates, we've talked in the past how they aren't ratable. You should be thinking about the distributions from APLNG, in terms of being more significant in the second and fourth quarter and lighter in the first and third. But as you think about going into next year and you look at more like strip prices for next year, if you're thinking of the range of $600 million to $800 million, from equity affiliates at those kind of pricing, that's going to -- that gives you to the ballpark. It obviously depends on, how they're performing in terms of the markets. And how we're optimizing our capital over an APLNG, but that will get you pretty close.
Bill Bullock: Yes, sure. So Scott, we have a very active commercial organization. Ryan mentioned that we're moving a little over 8 Bcf a day. We're the fifth largest gas marketer in the U.S. and we provide a variety of sources to various customers ranging from asset management agreements to offtake agreements, and that provides an ability to, one, have insight into the market and also to gain margin cross moving across pipelines. So, we continue to look at that and continue to move, and we're shipping gas for a profit. So, of that 8 Bcf a day, 500 million cubic feet a day of it is ours, the rest of its third-party volume. And so we're in and out of the market on both sides on a daily basis.
Bill Bullock: I think that -- this is Bill. I think that as you think about that, that's more of what we see of COVID related to demand related issues right now as we think about long-term, the macro supply around the world, we would see markets tend to have more arbitrage off of the U.S. Gulf Coast with LNG markets, starting to move volumes both into Europe and into Asia as the incremental barrel. So I think that what you're seeing is a short-term response to supply-demand and not a long-term structural change.
Bill Bullock: No, not really. I think we're continuing to make adjustments. What we're left with in the Europe portfolio is our Norwegian assets. And it's some of the lowest carbon intensity assets we have that are offshore and looking at other options to continue to reduce our emissions through electrification and additions there. But as we look at it, it's minimal addition to the cost of supply and it's quite manageable and Norway still is very competitive in the portfolio.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks, Phil. I know there's a number of moving parts there, as you described in. Yes, we've had a few people point out that they bought the 7 billion at $40 a barrel for the combined company, looked a little bit light. So that we've seen in the third quarter, if you adjust for Concho's hedging benefits and what Bill just described on our equity affiliates, I think you get something closer to the mid to high 7s at $40. So maybe I'll let Matt add a little bit of color to those details.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks, Doug. I'll maybe start and let Dominic add a few comments. You're right. When we put out the synergy number, we see a lot of other synergy numbers that people put out there, and it seems like a fair amount of arm waving. We want to be pretty specific about the $500 million that we described. But if you look at the second page, which I think is what you're alluding to a little bit, but I can let Dominic add on. Yes, we fully expect that we're going to get additional opportunity either through price uplift or various other forms to add incremental value to this transaction. Dominic, maybe you could describe a little bit of what the integration team is going to be looking at.
Ryan Lance: And maybe your last question, Doug. So Dominic mentioned well over and then what Tim -- what we really appreciate out of what they bring to our company is some incredible Permian expertise and experience. They have the networks. They have broader and deeper networks than we really have in the Permian, given their long time association and presence there and what Tim has built is two or three goals added in what he's done over the last 30 years in the Permian Basin. And I'll tell you, I've had a lot of conversations with CEOs over the course of the last couple of years. And when I've come to appreciate, Tim shares a passion for this business and a vision for what it's going to take to be successful over the next decade and beyond. That is really consistent with my view or our view of what it's going to take to really succeed and beat the competition.  And then I'd say, finally, probably, we're both very committed to a successful deal. And we're both committed to getting the secret sauce that is ConocoPhillips, combined with the secret sauce that is Concho. And make something that's even better going forward.
Ryan Lance: Yes. I think we -- as I tried to describe, we basically use cost of supply. And I think, as we think about the forward curve or – and thinking about our plans for 2020. And again, I mentioned those on a stand-alone basis for ConocoPhillips. That's kind of how we're thinking about it going into next year. It's just not cost of supply, but it's also what kind of cash flow are we projecting to make. And we have the benefit of a very strong balance sheet, so we can use some of that, should we need to. But, certainly, we'd be also trying to balance the cash we're making with the CapEx that we're spending in the dividend that today satisfies 30% of our return criteria and more, given the kinds of prices that we're seeing. So, certainly, some headwinds into the commodity price outlook right now, some with COVID resurgence and demand certainly hasn't started to recover. And depending on what NOPEC or OPEC does on the supply side and what the U.S. response is, we're watching all of that really closely to make sure that whatever program we put in place for 2021, we can balance with the cash flows that we expect and make sure that we're investing in the lowest cost to supply things that we have in the portfolio only.
Ryan Lance: Yes, I would add, Josh, we have a lot of flexibility with the balance sheet, which is why if we go in at a similar level of capital to this year, it may be flat to modest growth, so it doesn't necessarily equal flat production at the capital level going in next year. But that's something we'll continue to watch as the macro evolves around us.
Ryan Lance: And our targets, Josh, that we establish the 35% to 45% reduction that doesn't require major portfolio changes to go do that. So, we're not talking about having to sell certain assets that Matt described. That's things that we have identified inside the portfolio to work on with the portfolio being relatively constant over this time.
Ryan Lance: And Matt described, sort of, the cost and capital is small amounts to get this plan. We're not talking about spending hundreds of millions of dollars of capital to go deliver this. This is small projects that are currently baked into our plans.
Ryan Lance: And I would add, Roger there, sorry, I would add, Roger, that well, it's not so much even just what's the strip look like or what it looks like for next year. It's sort of a longer-term trajectory back to what we believe is a reasonable mid-cycle price. And we'll be reassessing what that mid-cycle looks like, depending on where the demand and supply fundamentals start to kind of shake out with the U.S. title going down, what happens to the election and Alaska and then it's going to make imminent amount of sense as we combine with Concho to optimize and figure out what the right level of activity is between the two companies. So the -- you're right, there's a number of factors that will be putting into the mix as we look at not only 2021 plans, but the next couple three years look like as we -- as this business recovers back to a mid-cycle and whether it overshoots or undershoots.
Ryan Lance: And we manage those there -- there's not excessive capital employed associated with those assets. But we'll -- as Dominic said, we're going to do everything we can to monetize them as best we can.
Ryan Lance: Yes. I think the main opportunity for us, Scott, is associated gas. We probably have a little bit in the Anadarko Basin, but that's not capturing a lot of our capital right now. So it mostly, for us, we're still a pretty big marketers. So we were moving over 8 Bcf of gas a day. So we see a lot of that. So we're getting some uplift on the commercial side of our business with some of the transport capacity we have that takes gas from the Permian to the West Coast and down South to Arizona and even into Mexico. So that's how we're kind of taking advantage of the kind of market as we see it today. And but on just an absolute production side, we're not looking to ramp up dry gas, and it's mostly coming from the associated gas with the unconventional production.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Sure. We've certainly taken a look at the various tax proposals out there, including Biden tax proposal. There's two primary elements of that, that would impact us. Doug, the first one is, obviously, the change in the corporate tax rate from 21% to 28%. And the second one that would be fairly significant would be removal IDCs, particularly in our capital program and needing to depreciate those over time. Those are the two main aspects as we look through it that really would have an impact on us.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks Doug. I'll maybe add a few comments, and Matt can jump in as well. But yes, we spent a lot of time trying to think about what the trajectory of the recovery looks like. And probably a couple of competing factors. We certainly see demand recovery, we uncertain whether it gets fully back to 100 million barrels a day, but probably taking a bit of time to get there. And then I think equally important and maybe overlooked a little bit is what's happening on the supply side, maybe masked little bit today by DUC inventory, but when the declines and the declines are hitting in and it was masked by curtailments coming back on, there's going to be a drop in U.S. supply as well. So, I can -- Matt can probably chime in and describe a little bit about the net effect to the scenarios that we're thinking about as we debate our capital program and how much to put back to work.
Ryan Lance: Yes. So short, medium term, all about demand, medium, longer-term supply starts to enter the picture, as Matt described. And we have a couple, 2, 3 scenarios around how we think what that slope and trajectory look like.
Ryan Lance: Yes. So let me take the first one, and maybe Matt can chime in on the second one on the capital investment. So the first one, yes, we're looking at the commercial space. And with the addition of Concho, it is a -- as you described, Paul, kind of a cost center inside the company, but we're looking at expanding that as we think about the future and what the Concho assets bring, I think as Dominic described earlier, they saw mostly at the wellhead, so we got some opportunity to add value there to both the gas and the oil side. We're building more export capacity as a company and in fact, have done some sales to -- point sales to customers where we take the middleman out of the equation, and we found that quite margin enhancing as we go forward as well. So with the growing US production that we have with the combination with Concho, it absolutely represents a big part of how we can expand the commercial organization and think about it differently, too. I mean, Bill described the market share that we have already and that's only going to get bigger as we go forward. So, we're looking for more contribution from the commercial side across the whole portfolio. Maybe, Matt, if you want to take the capital allocation as a result of integrating the Concho asset. Again, I go back to our -- it's a cost of supply primary criteria, but Matt can provide a bit more detail about what might fall out.
Ryan Lance: Yes. I think the most important thing is your last piece of that. We are targeting over 30% of our cash back to the shareholder. That's what we've committed to and delivered on in excess over the last three to four years, since we kind of came out to reestablish a new value proposition for this business. And I think the dividend today is certainly covering a large share of that. Also think that buying our shares back at this kind of level is an important thing to do too, because shares are certainly well undervalued. It's certainly relative to where we think mid-cycle price should be. So I don't think we'll give up on share repurchases completely.  You made a real point. I mean we wanted to buy our shares through the cycle. And this was a pretty significant downturn with curtailed production and the like going on in the second quarter. So we did suspend for a while. We wanted to restart up because the benefit to really buying your shares is not just buy them. When you're at mid-cycle price, we continue to buy them through the low end of the cycle because that's what brings down the average cost of your shares, obviously. So we still think it's going to be a piece of our return to shareholder pie.  And the question begins, what happens on future excess returns when if there's another big cycle, and we start to exceed our mid-cycle price call and we've had conversations around that with the market, and we continue to look at all the different ways to do that and continue to be open in all the different ways to do that. But at this 10 seconds, the dividend more than satisfies our return to shareholders.
Dominic Macklon: Yes. Thanks, Ryan. And Doug, thanks for the question. Actually, we're very focused on delivering the $500 million that we have put out there as a commitment. But certainly, we see opportunity beyond that. I think we kind of outlined those in our deck. I think just to talk more about those specifically. I think the ones that we're most optimistic about. On the marketing side, Concho typically sells our product to the wellhead. We sell further down the value chain to improve realization. So we have a very strong commercial group, ConocoPhillips. So we're certainly excited about that.  Concho have been doing extremely well in the Permian on the drilling completion costs. The performance has been excellent and they're further down the learning curve on us there. So we do expect to see that to accelerate the performance on our acreage too. And of course, we expect improved performance across the Lower 48 from sharing best practices and technologies between Eagle Ford and the Permian and the Bakken and so on. So definitely, operational efficiencies.  And then on the supply chain side, obviously, we're going to have increased purchasing power, scale, flexibility. So we're anticipating upside in all these areas and some additional areas to that we'll be working on in the coming months here. So Will and I are already talking about these, we're pretty excited about it, and we'll look forward to see how these develop through next year.
Dominic Macklon: Yes, Roger, it's Dominic here. Thank you. So what we said was that we will continue focusing our exploration effort on our existing business units, such as Alaska, Norway, Malaysia. So that will allow us to about half of exploration capital from 300 to 150. So those areas, such as down in South America, Colombia, Argentina and so on, we will be working sort of managed exits from those areas. Of course, we have a lot of value there. We see a lot of value. There's a lot of good acreage there. But we'll be working to preserve value as we think about how to exit those areas in the future. So more a question of dispositions in a managed way, rather than those resources staying in the portfolio. We have such a strong portfolio. We will with Concho that we just think it's appropriate that we focus the exploration effort.
Dominic Macklon: And we don't have any resource associated with any of those assets in the moment in our supply curve. There's no resource associated with them.
Dominic Macklon: Yes. Thanks. It's Dominic here. I'll just take that. Recently, I was very much involved in the Lower 48, and there's some really some important progress we're making there. I think we announced a couple of things here, along with our new Paris aligned strategy. One was a commitment to zero routine flaring. And that's the World Bank initiative there. So we're committed to that. And the other one was the introduction of continuous methane monitoring. So this is a real breakthrough for us. We're able to do this now at a very reasonable cost. And we're able to now, basically, on our key sites, we'll have this implemented. I think it will have about 65% of our Lower 48 production covered by early next year. And this technology, at very low cost, allows us to sample the emissions around sites, looking from ethane every 15 seconds. And from that, we can respond very quickly to any aberrations that we can address very quickly. So those are a couple of really important initiatives for us that contribute to that overall commitment we have to reduce our GHG intensity by 35% to 45% by 2030. And we really have first mover on this, as you'll know, Jeff. We were the first U.S. based oil and gas company to set a GHG intensity target, and we're the first U.S. based oil and gas company to commit to being Paris aligned.
Matt Fox: Yes, Neil. I mean, as you know, there are really three moving parts. They're topical just now, there's the ballot initiative to increase the production tax. There's the status of the Willow project. And there's the impact, if any, of a change in administration, if that happens on federal land permitting. So I probably should talk about three of them, so that we can hopefully clear up Alaska with this one question. So as you know, the ballot measure would impose a tax increase in production. That's going to have two problems to adverse effects. It's going to reduce the competitiveness of investment in Alaska. And it's going to increase, uncertainty and instability. So that's not going to be good. And we've got years of development opportunities left in Alaska, but a shift of capital from Alaska elsewhere is going to be rational, if taxes will increase. I mean this is a production tax. And what your tax more, you get less of. So, that should be expected, if those advocating for this. And voting for the proposal should understand that. And we've been pretty clear, so that we were to avoid any doubt in Alaska, that if the passes, drilling in the big three fields, the targets of the tax increase, it's not going to resume in 2021 and maybe beyond that. So the Alaska jobs, contract labor, all the associated services are going to be adversely impacted by this change. And the contractors, the unions, all the other businesses up there understand this, and they've proposed the most part opposing the change in the tax regime. But it's now up to elector to decide and elections of consequences. So we're getting down with a wire here, and we really feel we have to be clear with the Alaska voters.  On the Willow project itself, we passed a big milestone earlier this week. We got a favorable record of decision from the BLM after it's more than two years of process. So that keeps us on track with our project timeline. And it's worth understanding that, that permit was received under the 2013 integrated activity plans. So the National Petroleum Reserve the rules that were set under the -- the administration. So they should stand up well to scrutiny under changing administration if that happens. So we're working towards the concept selection and moving to feed by the end of this year, so just assumes the ballot measure fails and taxes are not increased. If it passes, we'll need to reconsider the timing because it will -- directly, targeted by the tax increases, there's going to be a knock-on effects in the oil fields because of the lack of available capital. And then the last one is the federal land and permitting in Alaska. The more generally, if there's a change in administration, we would expect that to have a relatively limited impact on us. I mean although 65% of our acreage is on federal land only represents about 5% of our production. Now some coming production, GMT 2, in particular, is on federal land, but it's still underway. First production will be at the end of next year. So we don't expect that it will be affected at all. Willows on federal land, of course and -- but neither Willow or GMT 1 or GMT 2, the federal land drill sites is anything other than conventional to simulation techniques. So if fish is about fracking there, they shouldn't be influenced by that. So I guess, we've been clear with Alaska about the implications of Ballot Measure 1. We expect any implications of the change in administration in D.C. to have a relatively limited impact on us.
Matt Fox: Yes, Jeanine, this is Matt again. We didn't really say it was that the explicitly tie a Willow decision to sell down, but we're still anticipating that we will to sell down in Alaska. We just slowed the timing of that down until we get some of these uncertainties resolved. So it's still on the current so we'll make an adjustment to equity in Alaska. But we may still continue to proceed with the project. In the meantime -- so the timing of the project isn't contingent on the sell down, I guess, is what I'm saying. On the ballot measure one and then can the – could the legislature overrule that? Not really. Not going to take a little bit of time for that. They would have to come up with an alternative that was substantially similar or the – so it wouldn't be – sound unlikely that we would overturn the lock stock and barrel.
Matt Fox: Yes. Josh, we would be – we'd expect, under that scenario, to be similar to fourth quarter or second half of the year sort of rates, at that sort of level. So that would be roughly 4.3 is what we're spending this year, which is a bit above our sustaining capital. So, I want to take that opportunity to clear that up. Because flat production and yet above our sustaining capital. So let me try and maybe explain why that's different. So if we were going to execute a long-term sustaining strategy for the company, the – we need about 3.8 for ConocoPhillips stand-alone. And that was sustained production at one point, but roughly a bit below 1.2 million barrels would be. The - but with the low-cost of supply that we have in the portfolio, we don't expect that our long-term strategy will be to simply sustain production. The investment opportunities are too competitive for that. But what Ryan is really indicating is that we could execute a tactical sustaining program, much like we have this year and start 2020 with that sort of tactical sustaining program and then see how demand recovery and supply response shape out. And the distinction between us or tactical and strategic sustainable program is tactical sustaining program, we would still keep production flat, but we wouldn't completely shutdown projects like Willow or exploration activity. But those things will still continue with the anticipation that they ultimately we'd move away from simply sustaining back to some modest growth. So, those are the things that we're working through just now in the plan. But as Ryan said, we shouldn't expect us to communicate 2021 capital guidance certainly for the combined company to sometime after the transaction closes.
Matt Fox: Yes. So the highest emissions assets in the portfolio, just now in the operated portfolio, it's really is oil sense. That's why we're so focused on looking at ways to bring oil sands emissions down and we've got a lot of irons in the fire there. We're going to extend our non-condensable gas injection, which brings down steam oil ratio by keeping heat in the reservoir. And of course, it's a steam oil ratio that drives the emissions intensity. We're also going to be deploying more of flow control devices. That brings the steam ratio down we're moving to add some sustaining pads. As some of the pads get older, their steam oil ratio increases. When you put new pads on, they can very low steam oil ratio. And there's other technologies that we're looking at there as well. So, what we're doing basically across the board as we're looking at all of our greenhouse gas intensity across every asset that we have. And we're asking ourselves, what can we do to cost effectively bring that down. And that's what our - we bring that process together in what we call our marginal abatement cost curve. And we have about 100 projects, and they're just now -- some of them are desktop exercises and feasibility studies. So, we spent about $90 million this year between capital and operating cost on those projects. But we look across the whole asset base ways to bring that down.
Matt Fox: Yes. It's actually -- that's a good point, Ryan. It's mostly driven by the fact that we're -- it's a sort of strategic shift in where we're investing. We're investing in lower greenhouse gas intensity places like the unconventionals in the U.S. and Canada, like in low Alaska, which is a very low-intensity as well. So the percentage of our production, that's very low-intensity increases with time. And when you combine that with reducing the emissions intensity of our existing assets like the oil sands, that's how we've delivered the reduction in the emissions intensity over the next 10 years. It's not …
Matt Fox: Yes. I mean it would be macro. We have to see how the demand response to what looks like a slower response than people were hoping for, especially with Europe and possibly in the U.S. coming. So we have to just be cautious about that. We have to look at how the Russia and OPEC can respond. I mean they have a move coming up to the end of November and see when we get back to sort of drawing down inventory. So the beauty of our position is that we've got incredible flexibility. We've got the low breakeven price of cover for flat production and to cover the dividend. That's sustained from -- the two companies together. So we're actually having that flexibility and the ability to respond to what the market is going to give us is very helpful. So we're not going to rush headlong into trying to grow production into this. So it doesn't make any sense to us. We'll see how things play out here over the next several months, and then we'll make adjustments between our low breakeven and our balance sheet, we will be in a very good shape to assess that as we go through.
Matt Fox: Yes, Doug, I mean, the -- I think you and I have discussed this in the past. The -- if you look at the -- our expectations for the exit rate for this year for U.S. trade oil, is somewhere between 6.5 million and 7 million barrels a day, and we'll be that Europe and as we approach the end of the year. So that compares to over 8 million barrels a day in December of last year, 8.2. And to some extent, that dropped flatters to deceive because people were still bringing wells on in the first quarter and into the second quarter. The -- so there's a significant underlying decline going on here. When we model this, and I know that you do too, the strip prices in the low 40s. We think the industry is going to struggle to maintain flat production at December's rates through '21 and into '22. '21 will get a bit of a lift from the DUCs. But people are going to live within cash flow. There's going to be a real challenge to see trade oil at 7 million barrels a day. And it's likely to be less than that in 2021 and 2022. If you compare that to the trajectory we were on, that's at least 4 million barrels a day less than the pre-COVID trend. And that's just U.S. trade oil. And we respond more quickly here because of the decline rates in the capital flexibility. But the similar issues are happening elsewhere. So, although there is definitely uncertainty and how much the demand effect will be and it's likely to be less of a demand effect than the supply effect, certainly over the next few years. So the premise of your question initially -- are we setting up for the bottom of a cycle here? I certainly feels that way to us. And now exactly when it terms, it will be dependent upon the demand at the COVID and how OPEC doing the short term, but we're certainly setting up for a tighter supply-demand balance in a year or so, if not before that.
Matt Fox: Yes, Paul, as you know, what we do is we try to optimize each of our individual parts of the portfolio to get the optimum pace, using a set of decision criteria, but the most important of which is that we're not going to invest above an incremental cost of supply of $40 a barrel, and we described that some length back in November of last year. And so, we look at the optimization of each, and then we put it together, and we maybe make a few adjustments, but we're trying to honor the optimum in each of the assets. There is flexibility across the portfolio and the pace we can adjust the pace of any given project by euro, so we can adjust the rate at which we increase the ramp in the number of rigs. So I wouldn't call out any specific asset. If we decide that we want to grow at 2% instead of 4% or something like that the flexibility across the portfolio to do that and still on our criteria, that wouldn't bust the criteria. The obvious places are Lower 48, Alaska. That's where the flexibility mostly exists, and maybe in Canada as well. But I wouldn't really call out a specific asset, but we're trying to do and we're trying to optimize across the portfolio. But the issue is, if you're not optimizing across the diverse portfolio, when you're maximizing the value that the diversification brings you, so we -- that's what we're trying to do is to make sure that we're winning each of these assets out there optimal.
