Ryan Lance: Yes, Doug I think that’s exactly the right way to think about it. We are sticking with our base program. We had an opportunistic Bolton opportunity in Alaska that we can talk more about if people have questions. But really that is a separate item from the base $5.5 billion plan that we have.  In terms of the 4Q spending, we had the $235 million of land acquisition that we talked about in the quarter. And so that that brought the fourth quarter in hot, if you subtract back that out and take fourth quarter and multiply by four you get $5.1 billion. So, ex that, that was the pace we were on in the fourth quarter.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Thanks, Neil. Although, Alaska has been one of our legacy areas for a long time for the company. Similar to other parts of our portfolio, Alaska has made some tremendous progress in lowering the cost of supply for the base business up there as well as when we look at the opportunity set for investments to grow and develop.  So, despite us being in Alaska for forty years, the largest producer out there, we still see a lot of opportunity and in fact our production is flat to growing over the next five to 10 years, a lot of that's driven by things like the willow discovery and when we look at that it can piece very well in their portfolio, since that at a cost of supply that is very competitive to investments around the world and we have an opportunity. I think Anadarko was doing some things for their company to improve what they're doing. They had listed -- or expressed a desire to sell some assets and Alpine did one of those. I think we’re the natural buyer because we operate and we have the majority interest in the area. So, we were able to come to terms with them and we think it's attractive for both companies in terms of what they're -- what we're each trying to go do. So, make it made a heck of a lot of sense for us to pick up that interest and be in complete control, 100% owner and control the capital pace and destiny over there. So, yeah, it made a lot of sense for us and it was opportunistic. So, we took the chance and came in doing terms with them.
Ryan Lance: No, not really Phil we are pretty clear on the $15 billion target by the end of 2019. We do feel like that’s the sweet spot, you start going lower than that adjusting capital structure it really kind becomes inefficient I think and also expensive. So, we are pretty happy with the 15, kind of strikes the right balance for us.
Ryan Lance: We are going to ask Paul a question there for the first piece which is the by field breakdown so he will have something different. So, for first quarter -- I mentioned the 236 for the big three added together, Eagle Ford is 148, Bakken at 67 and Delaware was 21. So those together sequentially were up 25 over the third quarter or about 12% but that’s not a very good number to focus on because we had Harvey deficit in the third quarter. But I think it is relevant to notice that it was up 10% quarter-over-quarter, fourth quarter of ’17 versus ’16.  In terms of your question about how we’re going to move through this year, the 22% is a full year ’18 number versus a full year ’17 number, that’s what we were talking about at the Analyst Day.  The exit-to-exit will of course be higher than that. In fact, I really expect as I look at the timing and the shape of the curve, we were doing a lot of bigger pads now than we were say a year ago more 6 and greater than 6 per wells per pad that make the production lumpy. And so, I don’t expect to be ratable through the year.  But to give you an idea, I would expect our Big Three to exit the year at over 300,000 barrels a day. So, if you kind of eyeball that with where we just were at 236 in the fourth quarter of last year, you can see kind of the pace that will be on. Even though, I don’t expect that to be linear to the year. That kind of exit rate, you can do math and see that will be -- if you look exit-to-exit, it’s a considerably bigger number than 22%. 
Ryan Lance: Permian is just lumpiness, it’s just the timing of -- as we’re doing this multi-well pads and when the different wells. When you’re doing a multi-well pad, you got to drill every one of those wells, so you got to come back to complete every one of those wells before you turning to those wells on and of course your other wells are declining while you’re doing. So, it was down 1,000 barrels a day, that’s just, just this kind of lumpiness that you’re going to see through the quarters I’m talking about. So, when first quarter comes along, I don’t expect over-interpret how that’s doing.  I know there has been a lot of -- in fact, one of the messages we heard from investors and analysts, since our Analyst Day some doubt about this 22% number. And I’ve been scratching my head trying to figure it out. So, I tried playing analyst for a day and look back at things as we’ve said before and did we give you some reason to doubt us? I would back and look at the script of the same call one year ago the 4Q ’16 call to see what I said then. And I said, I thought the fourth quarter of ’17 would be 5% to 10% than the fourth quarter of ’16, because we were going to go through a trough there in ’17 and then come up. And in fact, we hit the very high into that range 10% so that to give you confidence.  And then I went back and look at the public data. The public data that you can pull on Eagle Ford, Bakken and Delaware, and you can clearly see that the production rates, the per well production rates of our wells are considerably higher in ’17, they were in ’16 and continue to improve significantly. And so even our Dakota rig that’s moved up that we showed you at AIM has gotten even better since then. And so just, I’m okay, it’s good for you guys to be skeptical so we can prove you wrong later in the year. But there’s just not any data out there that says we’re not going to make it, I feel confident.
Ryan Lance: Well I think Don said that there is 69 trading days since we approached $60, so I think we are not going to get over our [skews] too much but we are going to follow the market and you should assume that our capital plan and the scope that we laid out and the plans we laid out at the Analyst Meeting are pretty firm and disciplined within the company. So, we are not planning to change that scope. So, we are going to look at incremental opportunities as they become available and that's exactly what we did on the Alaska opportunity. And of course, the $400 million isn't included in that $5.5 billion. So, we recognize that is we execute our plans, then look at our priorities you have to think about how we are delivering money back to the shareholder, what we are putting back into the company and how we are growing and developing the company is the priority as you guide when you go do that. With prices hanging there, we will continue to evaluate as we go through the course of the year, over the next two or three years depending on what prices may do and if you follow our priorities you will see how we will act.
Ryan Lance: So, the acreage acquisition is early life exploration acreage in some unconventional plays around the U.S. We are still really actively trying to call that up, as I talked about. So, when I'm talking about -- because we are in a market today trying to build on some of those positions. So, we are just not going to speak to that today do that. On the opportunistic side we look at a lot, we look at a lot of assets, we look a lot of stuff on the M&A side and it just got to make sense and be creative in our portfolio and competitive on a full cycle basis. So, when we look at an acquisition we have -- we don't just look at the forward kind of spend that we think it's going to take and is that competitive. We look at that on a full cycle basis including what we have to pay for it. So, some of the hot stuff in the Permian Delaware basin that you know is expensive, and while we look at it, it's just not competitive in the portfolio at $30,000 an acre. But obviously we are not -- and some of these opportunities that we are buying there they are very competitive in the portfolio, make a lot of sense. We are [acquiring] up existing positions that we have and we look to do that more often if we got opportunities to do that.
Ryan Lance: Yes, so they make an incremental amount of sense for the long-term growth and development of the company.
Ryan Lance: It will come, Doug, we are just -- we are out there competing and we want to maintain our competitive advantage.
Ryan Lance: No there is no hidden things in the deal, what you see is what you get. I think for us clearly this is a core strategic position for us in Alaska. We have got a lot of [Technical Difficulty] in drilling and exploration teams and the things are going to bring us in a Western North Slope going forward. Willow was early evidence of that, but with that over 1 million acres out there we have got a lot of prospectivity going forward. Remember I talked about our compressive seismic at analyst day we have got a compressive seismic shoot scheduled there this winter. So, there is a lot of interesting things that we see is upside that are core to us that I think for Anadarko it just wasn't a core asset for them. So, it's just a little different view of the property.
Ryan Lance: Right, okay, there is a lot of work going on there in '18 to '19 that I would characterize as appraisal work. The problem with these Montney wells is they are so great that if you want to do a spacing and stacking test where you have a handful of wells you got to build quite a bit infrastructure just to handle all the production that comes gushing out. So, to do a single pad spacing and stacking test which is where we're headed we have to -- we have got to build a gas plant, we have got to build a crude condensate processing plant, we got to build a water treatment plant and it's about 35,000 barrels a day worth of capacity on OEB basis, so about 110 million a day gas plant that kind of thing just to be able to hand the production from our appraisal testing. So that's really what we are focused on. We will start construction of those facilities this year and finish the construction next year. And so that will get us into the next round of really solid data on Montney too that will guide our development work, so there will be more to come on that.
Ryan Lance: Sure, I can take that. I think we mentioned last quarter that APLNG at that time was continuing to build cash balances and they did through their quarter -- no distributions were made during the fourth quarter. But I would say that at current prices APLNG is in a position where they will consider distributions from the company and we would expect that prices whole where they are that we would have regular dividends through the year.
Ryan Lance: Well, Scott, we're staying on our plan. So, you can think about that at least on a capital investment side independent of what happens this year on prices. We set our scope and we're executing that scope this year.
Ryan Lance: In addition to the hard work of lowering costs that Al just referred to, we also kind of going back to the analyst day when we talked about cash margin expansion of 5% annually over the next three years, we noted that the single largest contributor to that was really the investments that we are making and where we are making them in places like Eagle Ford where the lifting costs are ultra-low. And so, the investments that we are making this year over the next three years are going into areas that are extremely accretive to our corporate unit cost. And so, there's also that investment effect as well.
Donald Wallette: Our plan hasn’t changed Doug, we're sticking as we said in our release, we're sticking to our $5.5 billion.
Donald Wallette: Yeah. So, you're right. That is just a rebase. There is a slide in the supplement that does the math for you, but of that 15 increase, 14 of it was delayed timing on asset sales that we assumed back at Analyst Day that were built in. And so, you just get a different base in the production that we had in 2017 and a little bit of it was a little bit higher performance as you saw on our fourth quarter volumes were a little bit above of what we'd assumed at the time of the Analyst Day. But it's mainly just rebasing off that higher underlying production in 2017.
Donald Wallette: I feel like its maybe the important thing is to note that we are not going to get overly excited about the highest commodity prices right now. I think it's only been about 50 or 60 trading days since Brent broke $60 a barrel so there is a lot of volatility in the market as you are seeing.  We are not changing our baseline; our plans are still based on the same plans that we showed you back in November with the $50 WTI type price. And I think even there we showed you that we had surplus cash bills at the end of the -- over the three-year period. So, we certainly have the capacity to increase the dividend as we announced this morning and also increased to 30% or have a 30% increase in our buybacks.
Donald Wallette: Right we are able to do that if it's less than $1,000 an acre here when you divide the two numbers obviously.
Donald Wallette: Ryan on the effective tax rate, sure, we'll see a lowering of the effective tax rate. The U.S. effective tax rate will go down about 12%, 14% or so. So, on a global basis that will probably push it down maybe 5% I would say.
Donald Wallette: Well as you may recall we are not in a tax paying position in the U.S. and probably won't be until early 2020, so it's dependent on price of course. So, we are not going to see any cash impacts or very small cash impacts until we recapture those historic losses.
Donald Wallette: Repatriation right, well there is two aspects of sort of repatriation of the cash. We don't expect to do -- to see that. We have always been able to access our foreign accounts without adverse tax consequences. So, there's really no change there. And then as far as the deemed repatriation on foreign earnings of course we have got a lot of historic foreign earnings but they will be deemed repatriation tax on that but we have ample foreign tax credits to offset any impact that would have. So, the net-net result is no impact from deemed repatriation.
Donald Wallette: Yes, the tax reform and the deferred tax revaluation was a onetime event, I would say onetime but the SEC has given companies the ability to make adjustments to those provisional numbers because they realized the amount of work it takes to revalue company's assets and liabilities, so there might be minor tweaks as we go through the year but that's not really the point. So, if you strip that effect out of the fourth quarter then you would say deferred tax I believe a source of maybe $50 million in round terms slight sources so is basically balanced and kind of a wash.
Paul Cheng: I was going to say, you can also comment on international, I think the spot cost is no longer dropping, but do you have any contract being rolled so that your international unit cost may actually be down.
Paul Cheng: Yes, the combination. I mean we know that inflation in the onshore and I don't think we've seen any inflation in the international market, but…
Paul Cheng: Okay. A quick follow-up, actually, no follow-up but a question on Alaska, the bolt-on acquisition if I look at the price you pay it seems like you pay for about $29,000 for daily bill of production capacity or maybe about $9 per barrel of the recovered book barrel if we are using 200 million gross. Those seems very low number. Is this any hidden cost in that that's why that Anadarko willing to sell at such a cheap price? I am trying to understand that is there any other thing that we need to consider when we are looking at those numbers? Those are great numbers.
Al Hirshberg: Okay. So, you are really asking an inflation question I guess. Is that the main focus or are you interested in just Lower 48 onshore costs? I'm not sure where your focus was.
Al Hirshberg: Right. So just to remind as where we've kind of been with inflation and deflation, when you look back for the full year 2017, when we do that math it did -- in the year with some inflation Lower 48 and some deflation internationally and when we add all that it comes to a negative $29 million. So, it was a slight net deflation, but you compare it -- so basically about a wash, but compare that to the past two years and in 2015, we had over $1 billion of deflation versus 2014 and then even after that $1 billion we had another $900 million of deflation in 2016 versus 2015. So, this was quite a change from the last two years to come out roughly even. In 2018, in our plan we are assuming some level of inflation is built into that $5.5 billion. But remember as we said during the Analyst Day that $5.5 billon was the amount of inflation we built into that was set for a $50 WTI world, that's the inflation that we have built in there.
Al Hirshberg: Okay. So, let me talk about our cash operating costs in 2018 versus 2017. Basically, what we're doing is after you adjust out for dispositions kind of one-time items and get to sort of our core pro-forma operating costs is 2017 and then take the unit costs of that with our volume excluding Libya and then what we're doing is holding our unit costs flat in 2018 to what we've accomplished in 2017. What that means is that we're going to have to offset any inflation versus 2017 ForEx pressures. Libya has been producing more and more and we're getting to where OpEx and Libya is alone is rounding to a tenth of $1 billion, it's getting to be significant and also, we have a heavy turnaround year in 2018 versus 2017. So, all of those are putting pressure on our unit costs and our plan is to offset all of those things with greater efficiencies in 2018 versus 2017 to hold our overall worldwide unit costs flat.
Al Hirshberg: That's correct, yes. So, to come in over 100% excluding the market factors in a year when we didn't have any major projects sanctions is good performance. And it was really driven by the Lower 48. I think that the improved recoveries just talking about you go look in the public data and you will see how much our wells have improved particularly in the Eagle Ford since our latest completion design changes. And that's not only given us higher rates, it's given us improved recoveries. And that combined with getting more mature on these Lower 48 unconventionals, so we have got more well history allows us to book additional reserves and our continuing lowering of unit costs also takes out further in time the economic life of these wells and allows you to book a little more. So those increased bookings in Lower 48 is really what allowed us to do that when you wouldn't have thought we have been able to without any major project adds.
Al Hirshberg: We showed you that pipeline at the analyst meeting that's pretty lumpy. And so, we will have some sanctions over the coming years, things like GMT2 that we would expect for next year. You have got the Darwin backfill that should come after that. And so, recall that what we said at the analyst meeting in November was that in any given year when you don't have any of those we might not make 100% but when you look at it over the next five years and average out those lumpy major projects adds that we will -- we would expect to be over 100%. In this case, I know we didn't have any -- we were over 100% for '17 anyhow.
Al Hirshberg: Well, I mean my expectation is that as we continue to grow our production that we are going to maintain our unit costs flat as we experience ForEx pressures, inflationary pressures. That we are going to offset those with continued improved efficiency, our operating teams have demonstrated the ability to do that. So, my expectation is we continue to be able to do that. The Libya thing is a little bit of a tough deal, because we don't count the Libya barrels in the unit costs that I'm trying to hold flat. But as they get bigger and bigger Libya now is producing about 3% of our total corporate production. But I'm not using the barrels in my unit cost calculation, but I am including the costs in my costs. So, like I said, it's getting to be a tenth of a billion now so it's -- we may to think about how we are doing that calculation some point. But that's -- I don't see anything come in that's going to keep us from been able to continue to hold our unit production flat.
Al Hirshberg: Well, I mean, I guess, if you look at our RP now with this latest, its north of 10, 10 to 11 kind of range. We think that's a reasonable place to be, but it's not something we are aiming for one way or the other. By selling some of our SAGD assets, that tends to shorten your RP, because those were high RP assets. A lot of what drives that is more mix of the kind of assets that we are developing. So, I think that we don't take any grand meaning from that particular number, we are not trying to manage it in one direction or another.
Al Hirshberg: I think, I talked in the last call about the impressive results we got from the latest appraisal at Barossa and the progress we've been making. We're -- we've been in the marketplace, talking to the key contractors, getting ready to enter feed, front end engineering design on the project. And so, I expect by the time, we get to this, next -- to our next call that we will be -- we will have entered or we will be very close to it, so we're getting close to that point. And then of course we'll have to make our way through to the feed process. But it's continued to move on track on schedule.
Al Hirshberg: Yes. What we have in every one of our business units and regions doing is they've each got these kind of challenge processes going, they have got different names for them in each of the different countries. But it's really a ground up process where, we have an organized way of people suggesting ways to save money and sometimes that is our $20 million ideas and sometimes, they're $20,000 ideas. And we've been scooping them all up, and it's a very ground-up organic process. Data analytics has been a powerful course and helped us drive down our costs. And so, it's -- there is not someone silver bullet thing that's driven our costs down. It's been thousands of small things adding up and we're continuing to track, you might have thought that it would have been a low hanging fruit kind of process and there was some of that. But we found that really, we built as soon as a sustainable process now in our operating units going forward. So that's the tool that we are using to continue to offset the upward pressures.
Al Hirshberg: Yes, I think so. I mean I think it's a fairly near-term sort of process. So, I think that's right this year.
