Jim Mulva: Okay Clay. Thank you, and appreciate all those who are participating in our conference call this morning. Thought it might be of help to spend a few moments to talk about some of the steps we are taking to create shareholder value, and I refer to our March analyst meeting in New York when you heard us, heard me indicate that the opportunities for profitable investments for the large, international, integrated majors has changed pretty dramatically in the last several years. Resource access is an issue, as is fiscal take in commercial terms. The question for our company is how do we create value for our shareholders in this type of environment given the assets, the resources, and the opportunities we already have in our existing portfolio. Our approach is not just to get bigger in upstream volumes, but to ensure that we have better than cost of capital returns and not do projects that are at just cost to capital or have limited upside potential. We think the way to create shareholder value for our company is for us to convert our extensive resources into proven reserves, and to do this at competitive metrics. And while we will grow the absolute volumes in the latter period of our five and ten year period of time of strategic plans, we are stressing to annually increase the per share metrics of reserves and production as we go through this period of time. Creating value means more and more focus on improving the returns of the portfolio, strengthening the balance sheet with significant increases in distributions to our shareholders in the form of annual increases in dividends and share repurchases, and we are executing on this plan, and we've seen support from our shareholders and the financial community. As Clayton said, we have reached agreement to sell our 9% in Syncrude and that transaction, along with the others that we have told the marketplace that we intend to sell, will go a long way toward meeting our $10 billion disposition objective. There were very difficult decisions for our company regarding participation in the Yambu and Shah project, but we believe the decisions that we made were consistent with the execution of our plan. Clayton also said we've commenced sale of a portion of our LUKOIL shares, and simultaneously we have started the purchase of ConocoPhillips shares. We are doing this in rather modest amounts and doing this in an appropriate way. Capital spending is being constrained to doing our highest return projects while not deferring some of the other projects that we may be doing at a later point in time when we can improve the metrics associated with those opportunities. We expect to accomplish our debt and balance sheet objectives really by the end this year, so things are going quite well in that regard. So those are the comments I would like to make, Clayton, and I think probably it is time now we open this up for questions from those participating in our conference call.
Jim Mulva: Good, thank you. First, what I would like to say is yes, the cash generation looked quite positive. We are quite pleased with the slow development of the economy around the world, and that could be helpful to our businesses. And we are executing on our plan. With respect to our investment opportunities, I would say that there is likelihood that our capital program would be more than $11 billion, but may be closer to around $12 billion. We want to do our very best project so we might see a little bit of expansion in our capital spending this year, but may be in the neighborhood of about $1 billion. When we talk about our debt reduction that will come primarily through some cash flow from operations, but also asset dispositions. We see the debt, taking it down into the low $20 billion levels. It could be like at somewhere between $21 billion, $23 billion, somewhere in there. Debt and the cost of the debt is certainly very manageable. The debt ratios will be coming down closer to our 20% so somewhere in the low 20s. We think we've done all we need to do on debt reduction, don't need to do any more than that. It doesn't have to go to $20 billion, but in the low 20 somewhere.
Jim Mulva: So, with the cash coming along developing quite nicely and funding the capital opportunities in the Company, we see annual increases in dividends. So, we've already increased the dividend this year, so the additional cash will go towards share repurchase. That is really what the plans are.
Jim Mulva: Well, we've already rebuilt Ekofisk a second time. We are working at doing Eldfisk and extending the opportunities of capturing more out of the fields associated with the Ekofisk greater area. It's a field that's already gone for about 40 years and it's going to go for another 40, 50 years. So it's just a great opportunity for us. Every time we can capture another 1% that's in the neighborhood of like, find of about 100 million barrels oil equivalent. That's on a gross basis. So, we are working our plan, so that we are going to be redeveloping and redoing Eldfisk and Ekofisk to create opportunity for us because it has very good returns, and the fiscal environment has been very consistent and steady, so we are going to do this another time again in Norway. So, we have a really great presence there, and we look forward to two, three, four more decades in Norway.
Jim Mulva: Absolutely. It's just when I talk about some expansion on capital programs from $11.2 billion, maybe closer to $12 billion, a lot of that will go towards that those types of projects. So, we are very pleased with our position that we have and, yes, that would be an area we would direct more capital towards.
Jim Mulva: Well, we had Wilhelmshaven shut down for maintenance, and then for market reasons shutdown for the whole first quarter. And we are looking at the potentially the hydroskimming margins than we were. You have to make these decisions, weeks in the past, and we felt it was an opportunity for us to start Wilhelmshaven up. We have the hydroskimming margins that backed off pretty dramatically, so I don't think you can expect that we are going to continue to operate Wilhelmshaven in the current market environment. It also gives us an opportunity to talk about Wilhelmshaven, and of course this is a decision in front of us. We are evaluating every single alternative with respect to what we should and will do with Wilhelmshaven, and I think you will hear more from us since we go through this year on Wilhelmshaven.
Jim Mulva: Arjun, thank you. On APLNG, we said our objective is this year to sign MOUs with gas purchasers to take two large trains in total, 4.5 million metric tonnes each train, get these MOUs signed this year. We are working very hard on this. It's a priority objective of the Company because this is so important to the investment, and the value creation of APLNG. We think we are making progress, but of course it remains that we got to demonstrate and get those MOUs signed as we go through this year, and just want to make sure as we pass along, as we said that's our intent, our objective. In terms of and for competitive reasons really, we would rather not go into specifically who and how we intend to do this. But we are working and have been for quite some period of time. It would be directed towards obviously the Asian markets. The three or four projects in Queensland well obviously – they are the different kinds of projects in terms of participation by the many different companies. Our view is that the way we really need we will be looking at is collaboration. How can we work together? Not necessarily changing ownership or anything like that, but how can we collaborate to more efficiently execute our capital spending in the projects because many of us are doing these at the same time as you are aware? We can do this with respect to how we are gathering pipelines from the upstream part, how we can be working in terms of the liquefaction facilities, shipping, all of that. But particularly at Gladstone how do we build the liquefaction facilities. And so we've had discussions with the other participants, other projects, and it's difficult, but on the other hand we know that this makes a lot of sense for all of us. It doesn't – so as to execute well with respect to capital spending and schedule. We know that Queensland and the federal government want to see collaboration and so we are very open to it. It's difficult to do, but I think you are going to see collaboration, and we are quite willing to do this in a way that creates value for everyone, and it's not just the participants of the project, but also for the government as well. They also know that it has impact with respect to availability of labor and the contractor, so it's important to do this well, and so we are very open to collaboration.
Jim Mulva: Yes, I think it's more collaboration of how we do the capital spend. With respect to coordination on sale of LNG, I don't think you – each company will do their own thing that's what's been happening in terms of whether there is a possibility you could – of sharing a train or something like that, I guess that's possible in collaboration, but that doesn't necessarily change in terms of ownership or participation on what each company may be doing.
Jim Mulva: I think, Arjun, we are going to have to come back to you on that specifically, but I know on these wells we – I will just say generically, I think the 4 million or 5 million cubic feet a day of gas and then liquids in somewhere between 1,000 barrels and 2,000 barrels a day. It varies by well, but that's sort of what we've been experiencing in our early wells. We put them down with experience better all the time. Completion techniques get better all the time. I think we will just come back to you and tell you how that's done, but they are long distance, multilateral wells.
Jim Mulva: Well, I go back to share repurchase and the first question that came from Doug Terreson. Our share repurchase is tied to the sale of our 10% of LUKOIL and you just say for market purposes let's say that's around $5 billion. So as we sell our LUKOIL shares in the marketplace, and we buy ConocoPhillips shares there is $5 billion there, but Doug Terreson asked, he said it looks like there is going to be more free cash flow after you fund your capital spending program and your dividends, and you already get debt reduction going towards share repurchase, and for illustrative purposes using consensus numbers, when we had our March analyst meeting, it showed that it was in the neighborhood of about $12 billion and we said about $6 billion each year for share repurchase. That's kind of the plan. To the extent how that materializes a little bit more, a little bit less is going to depend upon not so much we will meet our debt objectives and annual increases in dividends. It's going to be does the marketplace develop the commodity prices like we would expect, and so the flywheel then would be share repurchase.
Jim Mulva: Well, they have to – I thought we indicated that at our March analysts meeting, maybe we didn't, but I would assume that the finding and development costs are somewhere probably in the mid teens. The rates of return are well in excess of cost of capital and that means rates of return probably in excess of mid teen returns. So that's what we are really looking at in terms of money to be spent on redoing Eldfisk as well as some of the satellite fields and going and continued replacement wells all to recover more of Ekofisk.
Jim Mulva: Well, that's true but I think also, Clayton, we've done a nice job on managing and constraining our costs. It's quite a challenge as we go forward. As Clayton said, we expect I think about $400 million or $500 million of lower costs this year than what we actually achieved in all of last year in absolute terms. The challenge is, whether it's currency or it's a suppliers and contractors, they are coming at the industry pretty hard, and so to hold on or more than hold on to what we've already accomplished last year is quite a challenge, but that's why we think we are doing pretty well as we've gone so far this year and that helps with respect to returns.
Jim Mulva: Very different projects, and of course people can argue what is the cost of capital within one firm or another. As you know, Mark, people can say the cost of capital, technically if you look at the cost of debt whatever, is in single digits. Then you can look at what you must provide and have provided to your shareholders and you get into double digits, so that what is the cost of capital. Very different kinds of projects have different risk associated with them. And even though the numbers maybe what one looks a little bit higher than the other, they have a different risk, reward profile. So I think it's really, for many different reasons, not appropriate for us to get too involved in to how we analyze the projects, and which one might have been ahead of the other. The important thing is that we worked this very, very hard for several years with both ADNOC and with Saudi Aramco. We did this always with the best of intentions, and we just felt that given the direction of our company it was important for us these decisions are consistent with emphasizing returns over growth.
Jim Mulva: Well, I think first both projects are going at the same time, not really a discussion between the two. It's a very upfront competition between Denali and the other competing project. Obviously, when executed it will be one project, not two. How that comes together remains to be seen. And then the other thing is that we can't underestimate the challenge with respect to the cost and execution of the project. The cost is I can't recall exactly, but it's probably somewhere between $30 billion and $40 billion, and then as I said, what are the fiscal terms and certainties associated with that. Then we also – I know you start a project like this, it's 10, 12 years before first cash flow and you got to be looking out what do you think the marketplace is going to look like, and of course that marketplace has changed pretty dramatically over the last three to five years. So, a lot of really challenging significant decisions need to be made before this type of project goes forward and executed.
Jim Mulva: Okay. First on Wilhelmshaven, as I say we will evaluate all opportunities. Obviously, one of the opportunities is to go forward and do a full scale upgrade of Wilhelmshaven. Well, that's not really a realistic alternative. What we are looking at is all the way from shutdown and writing off to how can we bring in a partner, how we can participate, and how we could dispose, but the plan is not to do – it's not consistent with the execution of our plan and emphasis on returns to spend billions of dollars to do a full-scale upgrade.
Jim Mulva: No, no. Not for the implementation of the new healthcare proposals. On the other hand, there is no doubt that the cost of healthcare is continuing to be a real challenge. I am not saying that's not a challenge but the implementation of the new healthcare proposal that's passed does not result in an upfront charge for our company.
Jim Mulva: Well, it doesn't change our objective of $10 billion. Potentially that could be more, it could be a little less but we're really thinking about $10 billion. What is good about the 9% sale of Syncrude is, yes, we're quite pleased with the price but if you look at the metrics of assumptions going forward of oil prices and discount rates you already get to that number. What is our objective? Our objective is to define the assets that aren't that strategic to our company that we can sell at a very favorable price that is tax efficient and to the extent we do that well, then we minimize the amount of assets that we need to sell and we can retain it in the portfolio and quite frankly, what we're trying to do is get the maximum for whatever we sell to minimize the impact in terms of our E&P portfolio. And obviously oil assets are more of interest than our natural gas assets. And so to the extent that we do each asset disposition well, that takes off the pressure with respect to reaching the $10 billion program of what we ultimately need to be selling. But on the other hand, if you look back over the last several years, we haven't done too much in the way of dispositions and if you look at the size of our company and portfolio, we should be pruning and doing a couple billion dollars of asset dispositions every year by saying what no longer is that strategic, maybe a little bit more mature, that is more valuable to someone else. If its tax efficient, then we could sell it and redeploy the funds to upgrade the portfolio is something we should be doing every year.
Jim Mulva: I think it's the work activity associated with the 240,000 acres that we see really good opportunities to really go after it. That's where we're going to allocate and spend more money. We got into Eagle Ford a couple years ago at a purchasing of the acreage at a very reasonable price. We look at the prices now of many of these plays and, frankly, it's hard to show what people are paying, you can see a reasonable return. Maybe that changes in the future but our allocation of capital and spend is more to get out of what we already have.Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil Inc: Thank you for the clarification. Thanks.
Clayton Reasor: Well, I guess that's right. As long as you are seeing really that I think the impact on the reduction in effective tax rate came from improvement in liquids prices. Also you would – natural gas prices were slightly higher than they were a year ago. So lower 48 just had a much better quarter this quarter than the year ago, and I think that was the big reason behind it.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Clayton Reasor: As we've talked, we are going to provide more granularity on this part of our business in the future, Arjun. And appreciate your interest in this.
Clayton Reasor: Yes. I think we are early days on the development at Eagle Ford. Bakken, we've been there for quite a while, but as far as the reserves in each of those areas or the production growth that we expect to see, I would expect us to provide more of that type of information later this year, but it's just too early to say right now with Eagle Ford with where we are, and I think the development plans around Bakken are coming together, so stay tuned on those.
Clayton Reasor: Most of it is the majority of the improvement comes from higher oil prices and better gas prices. There is some cost reduction, but the majority of the improvement comes from better earnings from higher prices. Capital employed has moved up a little bit. One of the ways that we are going to improve ROCE is slow down the growth of capital employed. In fact, parts of our business we are going to see capital employed fall as we invest less than DD&A, but the majority between first quarter of '09 and first quarter of '010 is due to commodity price improvements.
Clayton Reasor: I will follow-up with you on that one, Paul, just to make sure that there is – to give you the breakout between the self-help and what came from market help.
Clayton Reasor: There is a little bit, Mark. There are some stuff that was not brought back on to the first quarter due to some severe weather, but it's less than five a day.
Clayton Reasor: 90 let's call it 98%, but I think there is somewhere around 30,000 MCF a day that didn't come back on, though a small amount.
Clayton Reasor: In terms of interest in the downstream opportunities for disposition of sale of refineries or assets. Well, I think it looks like it's not directed to ourselves necessarily, but it looks like some of the assets are being moved or sold from one owner to another owner. And that's good to see in the marketplace, but I think it is good to see that the market is recovering some returns in the downstream, and we would expect that to occur with the strength in the economy. Some rationalization of smaller, less sophisticated refineries will give us opportunities to move on our portfolio possibly a little sooner than what we said in our March analyst meeting. So that remains to be seen, but it's encouraging to see what's taking place, and then I think the last was doing on our $500 million cost reduction program that was outlined in the March analyst meeting.
Clayton Reasor: Yes, actually it was business improvement I think is the way Willie had characterized it. That was focused not only on cost reduction, I think there is a hundred or a couple hundred million dollars of cost reductions in refining, but it's also looking at how to optimize these facilities. If there are something that we could do within the portfolio, if there are capital avoidance opportunities for us, and I would say those are moving forward. Actually our operating expenses were down about $100 million sequentially, a big part of that was turnarounds, but I know that Willie and the downstream guys are focusing on trying, looking at every refinery every day on continuous optimization of what they have, and then maybe there are some portfolio things that we could do that would help us as well.
Clayton Reasor: I don't think that acreage addition makes sense for us at the kinds of prices that we are seeing for acreage. I think my comments on aggressively pursuing around Eagle Ford had more to do with adding a number of rigs and number of wells drilled and the amount of capital and expense we were going to invest in that business. But I don't see our acreage in Eagle Ford increasing. But, Jim, I don't know –
Clayton Reasor: Great. Why don't I just take a second and close up? Again, thanks everybody for participating. Find this information on our website and certainly Vladimir and I are available for follow-up questions. Thank you again.
