Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. CapEx, okay. Well, I think as I mentioned, we're still at our $5.5 billion CapEx guidance. We do see pressure, as I mentioned, in three different areas, inflation, forex and OBO. You asked specifically about the partner-operated side. We are seeing considerably above what we had expected ballots from our partners in various areas, dominated in Lower 48. And so, of course, that will bring volumes with it as well, although a lot of those volumes won't come until next year. But for us, the choice when we received those ballots is, it looks like economic work, which it typically does, we either have to elect in and spend that money or we get into a penalty situation or we lose the rights to those reserves. So, as that comes in, we're going to elect to do those and that does put some upward pressure on the CapEx. But we're continuing to work to offset those upward pressures with increased efficiencies we're seeing, significant increased efficiencies in our work. And so, it's really too early to tell how all that's going to add up at the end of the day. With respect to scope going forward, we're still on the plan that we talked about in November at the analyst meeting where we expect to average around this $5.5 billion over that three-year period that we laid out 2018, 2019 and 2020. I mean, there are some things on the horizon that potentially could be incremental opportunities for us down the road. You've heard us talk about the cutter expansion. We're in the running for that and hoping to be able to win a piece of that business. That was not in our plan that we showed you in November. So, obviously, that would be upside. But if we're able to win that, that's something that investors are going to want us to invest in. You've also seen the exploration success in Alaska. That's another area where that wasn't reflected in our November plans that could be upside. But these are not things that are going to affect 2018 and 2019 CapEx in a big way. It's sort of 2020 and out beyond that.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. So, on Alaska, of course, we have a pretty nice pipeline of projects, midsize sort of projects we're bringing on. GMT1 is the one we expect to start up by the end of this year and then GMT2 will be next. We hope to take FID on next year, that would start up in sort of the 2021 timeframe. We've got production still coming up at CD5 and at 1H NEWS. So, a lot of different projects that are in the pipeline there. In terms of the new discoveries, I think is what you're really asking about, Willow, yeah, and also Putu and Stony Hill. What I said about a year ago on this call when we first announced the Willow discovery, was that in the best case scenario where we got all our approvals, particularly the federal approvals that have been difficult to get in the past timely, the earliest we could start up would be 2023. I think that's still the case, but that's a bit of a theoretical timing that would require more rapid federal permitting than we've experienced in the past, but it is possible within the rules. So, you should sort of think of that as an earliest timeframe, I think, for Willow. And as one of the questions we've had is, is Willow going to be a tieback or is it going to justify a standalone facility? And so that's part of what we're after in this appraisal program is making sure we understand the subsurface well enough to make the right decision for what's the highest value. And I think we can see from the appraisal work in Willow that it's looking more and more like it'll be able to justify a standalone facility. And then you can have things like West Willow, which is our new discovery further out to the west tying back to that. So that's not a decision we've taken yet, but certainly the appraisal program strength points us in that direction.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. So, on the Austin Chalk position, so we're up to, I think it's about 211,000 acres now across a pretty wide area. And we're in the process of permitting the first exploration wells, which we'll be able to spud depending on the permit timing later this year, might be late third quarter, early fourth quarter somewhere in that timeframe. So, I expect it'll be into 2019 by the time we actually have results from that program or be able to start to characterize what we think we have there.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay, sure. I think it's a particularly good question because a lot of the outperformance we're seeing in the first quarter is part of what's given us the confidence to increase our full-year number. We were 24,000 barrels a day above the midpoint of the range we had given in the first quarter. And that was, you're correct, about 4% growth versus that quarter in the prior year. Of course, that's with the loss of 2% from KBB. So, it would have been 6% if we had that. But if you look at where that plus 24,000 comes from, about 11,000 of it was from the Lower 48 as you've kind of alluded to, but we did have strength in a number of other areas. We continue to outperform with the base in Europe and in both the UK and Norway as we were about a plus 7,000 to expectation from better uptime and better base performance in Europe. As you've heard me talk about before in Alaska, our project and our well performance has been strong there. We got about three more than we expected. In Indonesia, we had higher demand for our gas because of some third-party coal-fired power plants that had unplanned downtime. We picked up a plus 3,000 there. We also had better uptime in cutter and got about plus 3,000 there. The only real negative we had in the quarter was at Surmont. We were about 2,000 short of where we had expected at Surmont, really due to diluent supply shortages and other market factors. So, you add all that up that's plus 24,000 in total.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, I mean, we don't have a takeaway issue per se in terms of being able to move our barrels. The takeaway issue is really the constraints that have been in place for a number of months now that have widened out the WCS differential and really hurt our netbacks. Our netbacks were doing pretty well. We had some pretty decent cash margins at Surmont in the second half of last year. And then as there were a few operational issues that other folks had on pipelines, it did create some backup. And so, one of the things I also mentioned that we've been using synthetic crude oil as our diluent, that's how the plant was set up and there've been some supply issues there, a number of repeating supply issues over the past year, year-and-a-half. And so, we're moving forward to make what are really some minor, fairly minor facilities changes there that will allow us, by the third quarter of 2019, to be able to run any mix of condensate or synthetic crude oil that we want to as diluent. We can create a Dilbit by running all condensate. We can create a Synbit by running all synthetic crude oil or we can create a Syn/Dilbit by running a mix. And we're in a process of piloting those sorts of things now. And as we look back at the volatility of the various factors involved here in the market. We think having the flexibility to go back and forth is going to be a really valuable and unique attribute to the Surmont plant.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. We were impacted by weather, we don't like to whine about weather. But we were hit about 14,000 barrels a day back in January in a number of our different areas. So, divide by three to get a sort of four or five-ish impact on the quarter, not too big. But we were able to more than offset that with our performance. And so, you don't really need it (41:11) in the math.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. Well, you could think about it from a number of different perspectives. I mean, for one thing, the money that we spend on some of these bolt-on type opportunities, including in the Western North Slope, really was funded by – we got our Ecuador legal settlement, $327 million of cash that came in plus in the last few quarters, we've had about $250 million of cash come in from the smaller asset sales we've been doing. And so that $600 million or so has largely funded some of the smaller bolt-on kind of things we've been doing. Course, the bolt-on in Alaska is – once we get the regulatory approval, that's immediate. These other things you're asking about, remember, these are sort of $1,000 an acre or less kind of longer term things that are for the 2020s. They're not going to bring us volumes this decade, but they're not costing us much money right now. They fit within. They're a part of our natural exploration budget. So, they'll displace other things in the exploration budget that we had already laid out that was part of our math during the analyst meeting in November. And they are an opportunity to be very competitive, total cycle, full cycle cost of supply with the other things that are in our resource base. That's why we like them.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: I think another factor may be that maybe causes some difficulty here is the lumpiness of the loan payments. We don't have a loan payment every quarter.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: It's twice a year. And so, we build up cash to make the next loan payment, so it's maybe not as ratable as people are thinking.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. Maybe I can talk about that a little bit. Right now, we don't have any significant export capacity out of the basin in the Permian. So, we're fully exposed to the Midland/Cushing differential. Course, in the first quarter, the realizations in the Permian were actually quite high. I think we got around 98% of WTI, but we're going to see the impacts of that, it looks like, in the second quarter. Now looking longer term, a number of the midstream companies are entertaining open seasons on long-haul transport into the Gulf Coast. And we are active in that. But that sort of shipping capacity wouldn't be available until the second half of 2019 at the earliest.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, it's yes, yes, and yes. By the way, you win the prize for best title this morning on your note. I think in the Eagle Ford, we are seeing better per well performance, our latest generation of completion design. And we have a new generation that we're getting ready to test next that may give us yet even better results. You can go into the public databases and just look at the last four years and look at the different vintages of wells, and you'll see the pretty dramatic improvements that we've had. We also are continuing to drive down our costs. We're hitting quicker drilling times per well, lower well costs and also continuing to optimize our completion costs. Data analytics is a very powerful course in the Eagle Ford. That was really the first place in the company where we built a comprehensive data warehouse. And that has – I think in the last few years, we've doubled the number of wells that can be handled by each multi-skilled operator out in the field because of all the tools that we've given them. And we've been able to drive our lifting costs there down well below $2 a barrel. It's very efficient. So we get great margins out of the Eagle Ford. It's not just a matter of the volumes. We've had improving margins. And while everyone else has been banging away in the Permian, a lot of people left the Eagle Ford to do that, and there's just been less competition for goods and services in the Eagle Ford and better netbacks because there've been less people trying to jam their barrels down the same takeaway capacity. So, everything about the Eagle Ford is really hitting on all cylinders for us. I think that continues to be a real bright spot for us and I think will. So, it's not just – I think we are going to see really good volumes out of the Eagle Ford this year but there's a lot more to the story than that.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Sure. The Darwin LNG plant is a great asset. It's a jewel for us that has performed great. We've been able to increase the capacity of that plant significantly over the years since we built, and it's really performed well. We want to keep it full. So, I've seen some things in the press where they've said that ConocoPhillips has been accelerating Barossa or moving faster. That's really not the case. We've been on the same schedule for several years. It's been apparent to us when Bayu-Undan is going to run out of gas and it coincides with when the PSC expires as well and also when our current LNG sales contracts expire. All that happens in 2023. So we've known for a long time, we've got to have something else ready to flow gas to Darwin in 2023. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we just spud a few weeks ago. We're in the last phase of development drilling at Bayu-Undan. So this will be the last handful of wells that allow us to drain all the gas from Bayu-Undan by 2023. And then Barossa has been on a steady schedule. I said in the last call that I thought by this call, we'd be at or near entering feed, and that did happen as you saw on the news earlier this week. So we're right on schedule there. And we expect to take FID in late 2019 if everything continues to move down the tracks. We've already gotten our regulatory approval from, which was – that's a difficult thing to get. We've got that in hand. We had unanimous vote from the partners this week to move forward into feed on all the different pieces. So, I think everything is working well there. We are very, very focused on this project on capital efficiency. Everything we're doing in the way the feed is set up, including design competition for the FPSO is all designed to really drive forward capital efficiency on that project.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: No. I think, Guy, just overall, since we introduced those cash flow sensitivities back in, I think it was November 2016, we've been tracking what, seven or eight quarters six or seven quarters maybe and they've really done well. I mean, they've been very precise in their predictive capacity, I would say. And even in the first quarter, they also came pretty close to what our actual cash flow ex-working capital was. But maybe for some of the wrong reasons because we had the low realizations in Canada but then we had stronger realizations in the Lower 48. So, I think you're right. The cash flow generating ability of the company may be understated somewhat by the sensitivities that we updated just this past November. So, we are looking at it. And as you say, we are at the upper end of the range pricewise of what we've said those sensitivities are good for. We did take a look at it here in the last couple of weeks and we think it's still okay, but we're going to continue monitoring it. And if we feel like it's no longer has its predictive capability, then we will provide new guidance.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. So, the KBB pipe, there's no issue around metallurgy. We have no ownership in the pipe and so there's no impact on cost to us. It's just strictly a third-party arrangement. And so really what the cost is not a factor for us. They had a weld failure that was really caused by a mudslide. So this is a remote area with some pretty difficult terrain and heavy rains and sort of the earth moved and caused excess strain on the pipe. So, the problem is, it's a very difficult area for them to get to, and there's a number of these potential mudslide areas. And so they have a lot of very comprehensive plan of repair for the pipeline and we expect we don't really know when the pipeline's going to be up, and we're not really in the middle of it because we have no ownership. And so, we're assuming at this point, it will be down for the whole year. We don't really know that for sure.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, I mean, we never say never. We're always looking at everything but that's not – I don't really see that. You look at the pricing on recent things that have happened. And on a full cycle basis, we struggle to see how that would compete in our existing portfolio that we've showed you the cost of supply of our existing portfolio and you just do the math on the prices being paid and it's hard to see how that works. But things could change, you never know.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: No, we really not and we don't expect to either. ConocoPhillips is one of the largest gas marketers in the United States. And the U.S. Southwest, including the Permian area all the way out to the SoCal border is an area that we're very large and very active. So, we transport a lot of third-party gas out of that basin and across the U.S. And so, we have plenty of capacity available for our equity gas. And if we ever got in a bind, we can back out third-party gas.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: Well, Doug, this is Don. On the PDVSA question, of course, that's a nice award from the ICC tribunal as a result of our arbitration. We have another one coming later this year, probably from exit as well so we'll see what the total of all that is. But that's not something we're going to be able to book a receivable on any time soon. So, I don't think that that's going to require some enforcement action on our part. And we intend to be aggressive and persistent in that, but it's something that's going to take time to recover the value that we lost when they expropriated our assets there. So, I think it's a little too early to start thinking about that in terms of uses of cash. And then you mentioned Synovis as well. Of course, yeah, we've got somewhere around $2 billion worth of Synovis equity. And really, the story hasn't changed there. We're not a strategic investor, don't intend to be there for the long-term, but we're also not an anxious seller as well. So, we'll wait until we think that the value is right. Right now, we think the company is undervalued. So, someday, we'll be able to liquidate that and put that money to work elsewhere.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: Good questions, Phil. With our plan to accelerate the debt reduction and reach our target sometime this year, $15 billion, and then as you say, we're going to continue to constrain capital and work hard to live within our budget there. We've pretty much eliminated two pretty key uses of cash. So, the options are getting narrower. So, what we've said is, I mean, we just increased our buybacks what, two months ago, from $1.5 billion to $2 billion. We increased our dividends a couple months ago, 7.5%. So, I can't steer you one way or the other today on that. But we've said that our distributions to the shareholders will continue to grow as our cash flow grows. What was the second part of your question again, Phil? Oh, on the stock price and the buybacks.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: Well, I tell you what, some of the key factors that we take a look at obviously, the CAGR's on our production growth on a debt-adjusted share basis. And if you look at our cash flow cash margin expansions in this sort of environment, then we think our stock is well undervalued and has a lot of upside to it.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: Yes, Neil. That's correct. We did not receive a dividend in the first quarter from APLNG so that's not reflected in the cash flows for the quarter. A dividend was declared in the first quarter, but it was paid in April, this month. So, we did receive a dividend from APLNG and the amount was $105 million to ConocoPhillips.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: Okay. Yeah, I talked earlier in the prepared remarks about the Big 3 hitting 250,000 barrels per day, so that was up 6% quarter-to-quarter and 20% year-over-year first quarter of 2018 versus first quarter of 2017. And I frankly don't expect you to be too impressed by that 20% number. We said in November, we were going to grow the Big 3 22%, and we keep improving all the time. And the latest well results we've seen have been very impressive. So, I certainly expect our operating teams to beat that 22%. So, I'm not expecting you to be impressed with 20%, and I expect it to be better as we go forward in the year. I think that it will be lumpy as I said. And some of the lumpiness smoothed out a little bit. We had some Eagle Ford completions that we thought we wouldn't get until the second quarter that sneaked their way into the first quarter. But I think you will see strong numbers as we go through the year. And just to put a finer point on that, if I can say it without Ellen kicking me under the table maybe, but last call, you may remember I said I thought we would exit – we'd have an exit rate that would be above 300,000 barrels per day for the Big 3. I think if you look at the latest well performance and how things are going for us, it's clear to me now that, that 300,000 barrels per day that I was kind of calling an exit rate at the last call is going to happen quite a bit earlier in the year.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: Yeah. Maybe just to give you a brief recap as well because it is kind of complex because we have multiple proceedings going on there. Of course, one concluded yesterday with ICC. The important thing about the ICC award that was about $2 billion, of course, it doesn't come anywhere close to compensating us for our full losses of value in Venezuela, but it never was expected to. And so, I tried to explain that a little bit. That was a contractual matter between ourselves and PDVSA, and had to do with indemnity that they provided to us for discriminatory actions that the Venezuelans took when they expropriated our assets. And so, the limitation on that indemnity was spelled out in the contract in a formula basically. And that formula had caps on it. So, we knew that that award was always going to be capped and really only would represent a partial compensation for our total losses. Now we move to the other claim that we have, which is not against PDVSA but against the government of Venezuela, and that's the one that's being heard at exit. And that process – there is no cap involved in there, and we expect that that result, which we hope to receive notice of an award later this year, that that will represent a full compensation for our value loss.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: You did mention first quarter. That was received actually in the second quarter, Paul. So, I just wanted to correct that.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: I have a hard time saying whether that's a reasonable estimate. It all depends on what the price is and what the net cash flow within the joint venture is. I mean, we can just say that it was $105 million in April. Now I can't tell you that...
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: That was the available cash – that was the cash that represents the cash that was available to be distributed.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: Let me tell you what our current situation there on the marketing side is, Paul. We're currently, on a blend basis, we're at like 150,000 barrels a day of Surmont blend that we're moving to market. And so, probably on a rough cut basis, the best way to think about that is we have probably around 100,000 barrels a day of that 150,000 barrels a day is going into the local Edmonton trade market. And then we've got about 25,000 barrels a day going to the U.S. by rail. So that would be into Cushing and some into the Gulf Coast as well. And then we have the balance of that 25,000 barrels a day is on pipe being exported into the U.S. into the Midwest and the Gulf Coast.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: Well, the $105 million was based on the crude prices that they recognized during the first quarter, but also the beginning cash balances as they entered into the year. They had been building some cash up, not a great amount, during the fourth quarter. And I think one thing you have to factor if you're trying to forecast this precisely is that there is, on the LNG sales into Asia, there's always the three-month lag so you've got to lag your prices.
