Jeff Sheets: Thanks Ryan. My comment this morning will be brief, reflecting the straight forward nature of our third quarter results. Slide seven presents our adjusted earnings. Sequentially and year-over-year adjusted earnings reflect lower commodity prices. However, we saw strong operational performance this quarter and we successfully executed several major turnarounds. Volumes reflected a dip sequentially for these planned maintenance activities. Third quarter adjusted earnings were $1.6 billion or $1.29 a share. Segment breakdown of those earnings is shown in the lower right of this chart and further segment details can be found in the supplemental data, which is available on our website. If you turn to slide eight, I’ll quickly summarize our production results for the quarter. As you know, our convention for production is continuing operations excluding Libya. On this basis, our third quarter volumes averaged 1.473 million BOE per day, which is slightly above the midpoint of our guidance. We anticipated a significant level of turnaround activity in the third quarter. As you can see, we had 37,000 BOE per day of additional downtime compared to last year with 35 of that coming from our planned maintenance work. Normalizing for those impacts, we achieved a 62,000 BOE per day of underlying growth. This represents a 4% increase year-over-year and keeps us on track to deliver our 3% to 5% growth in 2014. On the same basis, this represents a 7% liquids growth year-over-year. This high value liquids increase is really making a difference in our margin which I’ll cover on the next slide. This is our typical slide showing year-over-year sequential cash margins. The left chart reflects margins at actual prices during the period and the right chart is price normalized. On a price normalized basis, third quarter margins improved 8% year-over-year. Of that growth, about 2% is from FX related tax items and reduced Libya volumes. So underlying cash margin growth was about 6% and this is despite higher cost associated with the significant turnaround activity in the quarter. This metric will be volatile on a quarter by quarter basis but like our volume target, we’re on track to achieve our 3% to 5% growth target for margins for the year. And finally, I will review our year-to-date cash flow waterfall in the next slide. Again, this is straightforward. We began the year with $6.5 billion in cash and short-term investments. Year-to-date, we’ve generated $12.5 billion of cash from operating activities and added $1.3 billion from the SCCL distribution earlier this year. Over this period, we’ve had about a $2 million improvement in working capital and added $1 billion of net proceeds from dispositions. Year-to-date, we have funded a $12.7 billion capital program with $4.6 billion of those expenditures coming in the third quarter. The third quarter will be the peak capital spending quarter for 2014 and we’re still on track for the $16.7 billion of capital for 2014 that we announced in December of last year. After funding our capital program and dividend, we ended the quarter with $5.8 billion in cash and short-term investments. As a reminder, we need about a $1 billion to run our business, so the remainder will be available to fund our capital programs. This concludes the review of our financial performance. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Matt for an update on operations.
Jeff Sheets: So Ed, we’d expect that the first cargo will be sometime late in the third quarter or early in the fourth quarter from APLNG. And we’re on track to deliver that. We don’t think that our production or our resource possessions going to be influenced by the Tri-Star measure .
Jeff Sheets: So we’re trying to be very transparent on that Paul. We’re showing you what each quarter is in terms of the actual, but we’re trying to also ground back to when we described and launched the independent company, described how we were going to grow both margins and volumes that we’re trying to report back to that basis. 
Jeff Sheets: No, we’re not talking about trying to get to cash flow neutrality in 2015. So, as we go forth 2015, ‘14 to ‘15, you’re going to see cash flow growing as production grows from these major projects that we have starting up. So, you’re going to see that cash flow growth even in a lower commodity price environment that we’re seeing today, the comment that Ryan was making is we still feel like we’re going to get to a cash flow neutrality number by 2016, 2017. And before we were at the higher prices that you talked about, we’re at a point where we are actually beyond cash flow neutrality. So, we still feel like that’s a very doable thing for us to be doing. We don’t have a number today that we can say that it’s going to be this amount of capital expenditures in 2016 or 2017 to get to that kind of cash flow neutrality.
Jeff Sheets: I think you are -- if you think about our $20 change in price basically which is what we’ve had, that’s about a $3 billion change in our cash flow. Part of that is going to come from the fact that we are beyond cash flow neutrality and part of that would come from lower CapEx.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Matt. So let me recap a bit of what you’ve heard today. First, we’re on track to deliver our goals of 3% to 5% volume and margin growth with an attractive dividend. And we’re well positioned for the current price environment. We’re laser focused on executing our plans, while using our capital flexibility to respond to short-term factors. We have good production momentum going in 2015 and we’ll expect to announce 2015 capital program, it reflects the priority on achieving cash flow neutrality without impacting our ability to deliver on our growth targets. So we’re following the plan and the path we laid out two years ago and it’s working. And as Matt said, we look forward to providing you in more detail company update at our Analyst Meeting in April. So with that, let me turn it over to everyone on the phone and back to the operator for some Q&A.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks Ed. Mostly in our thinking right now is mostly I would say deferral from the less mature of the unconventional plays that we have in the portfolio. Again, we’re focused on our low cost of supply that we have in the Eagle Ford, the core areas that we’re drilling in the Eagle Ford the Bakken those are going to remain a big part of what we’re doing going forward. But it is a deferral out of some of those less mature plays. What we don’t know going into the year is how the costs are going to develop. Is this depending on your view or how bullish or bearish you are in commodity prices over the next couple of years. What I don’t know is how much scope we’re going to get done for the capital that we said and that’s something that we’re going to watch pretty closely as depending on where the prices level out, how long it stays there, what that cost structure is going to look like. Things will correct if it stays at $80 and we know that.
Ryan Lance: So we don’t anticipate that that’s going to be an issue, Ed. And we don’t think that that claim has merit.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks Doug. No, I mean we’ve sent our procurement group out to discover the world in terms to make sure that we’re getting the best deal we can for all those services that we’re providing. My comment is related to last, the last downturn we saw in this business. The costs came down a fair amount as well; they’ve risen over the last four to five years. But if we stay at this $80ish world for year or two then we would expect some of the cost to start coming down and we’re trying to capture those as fast and as quickly as we can. So again, a lot of our contracts whether they are drilling rig or pumping services, they are relatively short-term. So, the reductions that should come, we ought to be able to capture them very quickly and that’s our intention. But yes, we’re focused on both the capital that we’re spending to make sure we get as much scope as we can out of it and the cost that we’re spending across the whole enterprise.
Ryan Lance: Yes. So we have two sets of arbitration that are going on. The recent arbitration that we have filed is a contractual arbitration relative to the joint operating agreements we had for both the Hamaca and the Petrozuata projects in the Orinoco Belt. So that’s different and separate from the arbitration that we filed a few years back, that’s working its way through the system. So, the phase of that arbitration is we’re both submitting our damages claim to the Tribunal, both ConocoPhillips and the Venezuelans are submitting that to the Tribunal, and the Tribunal will rule on the amount of the damages. This contractual arbitration is something distinct and separate from that that will progress through the courts just like the other arbitration has.
Ryan Lance: Yes. That’s exactly what we’re looking. We have a lot of flexibility in the portfolio. So, we can -- we’ve created that over the last couple of years as this major project has ramped down and we’re spending more on the development drilling side, so we can ramp that down or ramp that up based on the market that we see. And to your point, I mean if we stay at lower capital levels than what we’ve described since the spin, and we do that for a prolonged period of two or three years, it starts to potentially impact some of the growth, but that occurs well beyond 2017. So that’s why we have a range of 3% to 5% production growth. We’ll monitor the market; we’ll watch it and make sure we do the right thing for the company and the shareholders, but the impact would be longer term. So, what we’re doing now with the major projects rolling off the production that we’re delivering is why we’ve got confidence between now and 2017, and the plans that we’ve laid out will deliver on the 3% to 5% volume growth.
Ryan Lance: Well, it’s in a similar bucket as the less mature unconventionals, because that’s investments we’re making today for the long-term growth and development of the company. So yes, we look at our commitments that we have on the exploration side and some of the new opportunities that might present themselves. We’re taking a bit of a pause and slowing some of that down as well.
Ryan Lance: Our base performance is virtually identical to what we thought it would be. I mean, we’ve got good predictive capability on all of our major legacy assets, and we understand the decline on our base projects. So, no surprises at all across the portfolio in our base production.
Ryan Lance: I think that’s probably more of a factor of just market conditions that we’ve seen in different quarters. The third quarter was a pretty strong quarter for us for bitumen realizations, kind of seasonal blending requirements, kind of diluent prices. All those things worked pretty well in the third quarter. So, we had strong bitumen realizations. I think you saw market prices go down by $6 or so quarter-to-quarter, but you saw bitumen prices only go down by maybe half of that. And a lot of that has to do with all the things that go into bitumen realizations. And the other thing that’s helping the business is (inaudible) extremely well. I mean the operating efficiency in our oil sands asset is tremendous. I mean San Juan for example is producing consistently well above the designed capacity. Our Western Canada business unit has had a tremendous focus on cost management and capital efficiency for the development programs. So, we’re executing well as well as seeing some benefit from the [WCAS] sort of differentials.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks Doug. Yes, on the macro picture, probably a lot of what you hear is surprising how quickly the Libyans came back from zero to what we’re seeing today, 600,000, 700,000 barrels a day gross production. But we sell out, we don’t have any people on the ground in Libya, but we do have some national employees that are part of our company that are there in Tripoli, and the situation is very tenuous. The one faction that took over the NOC offices, in fact bombed the NOC offices in Tripoli. So, I think that the whole Libya thing is just kind of hanging on right now. So, there is tenuous supply out there that I think is a bit at risk, which we’ll have to just see over the course of next few months. I think the demand side has been a little bit surprising out of some of the non-OECD countries in the Far East, and obviously China trying to figure out how much -- where their demand is going to come out, how much the growth is happening in the country. So, definitely well supplied market right now, and we can all speculate what the Saudis are going to go do, but I think they’re a little upset with some of their customer base being taken away by some of the other country. So, it is a bit of mix bag of things that are out there, but I think for us, it’s global diversified company. That’s what we’re trying to do. We run scenarios, we think about -- we don’t think about point estimates in oil price around run different scenarios. And we try to anticipate what we would do in capital investment, what the company the portfolio would look like under these various scenarios. So, I think we’re well positioned for where we find the market today.
Ryan Lance: Yes, Doug, I mean that’s one of the areas that we’d look, but as I said I mean it’s a balancing act for the short-term and the long-term. We’ve got a lot of flexibility in the Lower 48 and Canada portfolio and to manage our capital over this period without having a big impact on growth. So we’re certainly not going to gut our exploration program. We need to maintain the exploration for the long-term organic growth of the company, and we’re going to do that.
Ryan Lance: And I think the earlier in the lifecycle comment that Matt made is key there, because we do have a lot of organic growth opportunities in the existing portfolio that we are funding currently.
Ryan Lance: Yes. I guess Paul, kind of thinking about it along those lines you are trying to hit an optimum sort of percentage. I’ll take low cost of supply, which the Bakken and Eagle Ford represent, and then balance that with SAGD, which is these longer term 40 year, 50 year projects that provide an incredible base amount of cash flow with high margin production. They are a little bit different. So, really not targeting percentage, just making sure they fit the returns profile and they are competitive with the rest of the investments we have -- the opportunities we have in the portfolio, and they do compete, and obviously Bakken and Eagle Ford are at a very low cost of supply, very high returns.
Ryan Lance: That really just depends on the quality of the opportunity that we see out there. As we’ve talked about before, we do have balance sheet capacity. We ended up the quarter with $6 billion in cash. We’re going to use some of that as we go through just funding our program until we get to the point of cash flow neutrality. But as Matt said, we’re always going to be out there looking for opportunities. If they make sense, we shouldn’t be afraid to use our balance sheet. But we do have a pretty strong inventory of existing opportunities in the portfolio today.
Ryan Lance: Yes. On the second part there, Paul, there is nothing status quo about what’s happening today in the market. So, we’ll look at that as we’ve got a lot of flexibility. We got flexibility in our capital program; we got cash on the balance sheet. We got balance sheet flexibility. We’ll monitor the system. And I’m pretty focused on cash flow neutrality. I think we have [capital] [Ph] plan that gets us there and so that’s a stake that we’ve put in the ground. And again, you go back to the bit of guidance that I provided in the call here, which says next year I’m looking at a capital amount that’s lower than this year and in fact lower than kind of the $16 billion guidance that we threw out there when we put our plan in place for the company’s 3% to 5% growth.
Ryan Lance: The approach we have on asset sales going forward is just to point [Inaudible] to the fact that we’ve got a large portfolio of assets. When you look at a company of our size, roughly $100 million of assets out there. But you can always expect that there will be some level of asset sales that will be happening. So there is $1 billion or so, maybe $2 billion of asset sales a year. That’s probably not an unreasonable expectation. Unlike what we’ve done in the past where we’ve kind of identified particular assets that we’re going to be marketing. We don’t anticipate we’d be doing that going forward, so you’ll just likely hear about things as they happen. We are going to be disciplined about portfolio management going forward but there is nothing in particular that we would identify today that we want to talk about as an asset sale.
Ryan Lance: Yes. We’ve said over time, we expect to be increasing the dividend. So yes that -- it will remain attractive.
Ryan Lance: Yes, I think that’s right Paul. That’s a place we haven’t been as a company that we set out to create more flexibility, lower cost of supply across the portfolio. So as I mentioned in my opening remarks today and through ‘14 about 50% of our capital is what you describe the major projects that are going to deliver - help deliver the 3% to 5% growth, the discretion, the flexibility that we’re creating in the company is a lot more that capital going to the development drilling programs, both the mature low cost supply Eagle Ford, Bakken and then the less mature things that we’re doing in the Permian, the Niobrara and up in Canada, Montney, Duvernay and what we’re doing internationally. So, that represents in the next couple of years over 70% of our capital. So that capital is flexible and we’ll manage the capital level based on the commodity price environment that we see, the opportunity set that’s in front of us and the cash flows that we have coming in as a company.
Ryan Lance: Yes. That’s exactly right, Paul. Our volume growth target is execution of the plans that we’ve had over the last couple of years, it’s the investments we’ve made over last two years, it’s the projects that we’ve been investing in for the last five or six years, those are coming to fruition now this year and into next year. So, what we do whether it’s ‘15 or goes beyond ‘15 has very little impact on our plans and our production growth targets through 2017 that we outlined and described to the market over the last couple of years.
Ryan Lance: I think what was the point we’re trying to make there Paul is when you look at cash margin those obviously are changing as commodity prices change. So as we look at the shift that’s happening within our portfolio. If you just pick one price environment, no matter what price environment it was and stuck with that you’d see increasing cash margins.
Ryan Lance: No, I mean - we were quoted as saying that that’s not our planning assumption, it’s not a $110 Brent back when we threw that out we just were using current prices to demonstrate. Here is what the margin is today. And if you track our performance relative to that, you’ll see what the margin growth is doing. So, my point is the underlying margin growth is there, but the absolute number is going to fluctuate and be a bit volatile quarter-to-quarter based on the absolute level of commodity prices. But we’re trying to show that the volume growth is coming and it’s in a higher margin than the base part of the portfolio. So the margin growth is coming and it will return to cash flow.
Ryan Lance: Well, I’m not sure, we’ll have to get back with you on the capital that’s rolling over from this year to next year, but the price has to go pretty low before we start impacting the mature plays that we have in our unconventionals. 
Ryan Lance: Well, I think what we’re trying to show is we got a lot of flexibility. So, right now the market on the West Coast needs the ANS crude and we hear a lot about the Bakken railing there, but we’ve got a lot of -- we’ve got flexibility. We demonstrated that by taking a cargo to Asia. We have the ability and the capability go do that, obviously there is a bit more transportation cost associated with that. So if ANS starts trading well below where it’s historically traded relative to either WTI or Brent then we can exercise the optionality we have of exporting that crude.
Matt Fox: Yes, I mean the original discovery well was very encouraging, but the first appraisal well that we drilled was intended to establish what the overall size was, and that was disappointing. So rather than continue to appraise that, we feel that it would be better to direct our exploration and appraisal dollars elsewhere. So that’s why we’ve decided not to continue and pursue in Coronado. But it doesn’t have any implications for our overall (inaudible) Gulf of Mexico exploration program. We’ve got a very strong position there over 2 million net acres that we like a lot. (Inaudible) discoveries already that we are appraising. And so, it doesn’t have any long-term implications for our Gulf of Mexico exploration program.
Matt Fox: So, this is really an opportunity to exercise the flexibility. And we would anticipate, we would ramp more slowly than the previous plans would be in our less mature plays. So we don’t need to ramp as quickly in the Permian as we previously thought, so we could take some scope there, and the same applies in the Niobrara and to some of our plays in Western Canada. So those are the primary areas where we could take some flexibility without having any significant impact on the rate between now and 2017. So those are the main areas. But it will also choke back a little bit in exploration, but we’re still committed to exploration as an engine for organic growth of the company in the long-term. So we need to be balancing a long-term view of the company’s growth potential with these short-term conditions that we find ourselves in.
Matt Fox: It is too early to say anything about the Kamoxi well John. I mean we expect to have that done something in the next couple of weeks, and we’ll make some announcement once we’ve actually got some results to talk about. So, it is too early really to talk about that. On the Poland well, yes we have had some tests in Poland in a more down depth location in this well, and those were gas wells, and we drilled this well in this location anticipating we would find the same fluids, and we essentially found of course really an oil well. And so we’re scratching our head a bit to understand what’s going on, there’s some sort of thermal maturity change that we weren’t anticipating. And we’re at the stage of essentially conducting a long-term flow test, doing some pressure build ups, and then we’ll have a better understanding of what the implications of this are in the next few months.
Matt Fox: Yes, we are screening land all the time both in North America and internationally. So if opportunities come up that would meet with our portfolio well and at decent price early in the life cycle, then we would be ready to take advantage of that if those opportunities came up.
Matt Fox: So, on the production question, I mean the best guidance I can give Paul is we expect to deliver 3% to 5% production growth moving from 2014 into 2015 just as we have from ‘13 to ‘14, and then keep that going through ‘16 and ‘17. So, the best guidance is 3% to 5% production growth.
Matt Fox: So we’re going through our budgeting phase and we’re asking all of our operating units and the staff groups to take a very close look at operating cost for next year to look for opportunities to reduce our overall operating cost structure. So, it’s just part of our ongoing disciplined approach to managing our cost structure but we certainly are focused on that, we’re always focused on that.
Matt Fox: Yes, I mean there are opportunities and probably the last place we would go is to adjust well work and workover activity that’s very value adding operating cost. But we’re asking all of our operating units to take a hard look at their operating cost for next year. But that’s not different from what we usually do frankly.
Matt Fox: So, based on current prices we would expect to be continuing to reject ethane through 2016 that we think stand just now -- and that’s about a third of the variance that we talked about. On APLNG that was -- we were prepared to take the opportunity to sell ramp gas to one of the other ventures on Curtis Island, their project hasn’t come in as quickly as they had anticipated, so we don’t -- we were unlikely to be selling ramp gas to them. And then on the KBB project, we’re ready to start, we’re going to start something in November, but there is a pipeline that runs from - once the gas gets onshore there is the pipeline that runs from Sabah to Sarawak to take that gas to the Malaysia LNG plants. And that pipeline has had some issues that need to be repaired. And we’re not sure how long that’s going to take. We certainly don’t expect it to be repaired before the end of the year and we’re assuming that maybe it’s as late as the middle of 2015 before we actually get that pipeline fully repaired and to full operation. So that one will linger for a while in 2015.
Matt Fox: Yes. So, all of the gas from 3 and 1 and 2 is contracted based on the Japanese crude cocktail prices. So, it’s all contracted. But we have few spot cargos as we are ramping up production, but once we get to full production, it’s fully contracted to China and Japan.
