Matt Fox: So Doug, on Surmont II we expect to have first steam sometimes relatively soon certainly by the middle of the year. APLNG we expect to start up there in the third quarter. So it’s pretty much in line with still with what we discussed at Analyst Day and what we’ve been expecting for some time. And as we move from 2015 into 2016 we’ll see a about $2 billion reduction in capital associated with those projects but that won’t be seen from stack up immediately because we still got capital being spent in both of those projects and through the end of the year. Between ’15 and ’16 it’s about $2 billion reduction.
Matt Fox: Clearly we’re disappointed in the results we’ve had from Angola so far we and the whole industry in fact expected that that pre-salt clay in the Kwanza Basin showed a similar characteristic as the pre-salt clay in Brazil, but it’s not planning out that way so far. On the other hand we’re really pleased with the results that we had in Senegal which on the face of it was a more risky play and there as we saved prudent 2 different clay types in the basin, we’re looking forward to getting back there. Of course as you know that’s the nature of exploration. In terms of sort of long term role for exploration, I mean we see explorations role to supplement the resource portfolio with additional opportunities to sustain long term growth and with exploring in plays where we think we can do that at a competitive cost of supply. And over the last five years or so exploration has delivered a lot of success remember the Eagle Ford was an exploration success for us. And during that time we’ve been building the deep-water portfolio and focused initially in the Gulf of Mexico and we already have significant discoveries there too, 3 discoveries in the Gulf of Mexico, additional to Senegal. So we’re continuing to test the portfolio, but clearly exploration has to compete for capital in what is a very competitive investment portfolio. And as we outlined when we describe the resource base and the cost of supply of our resource base a few weeks ago, but we see that as good discipline there, to make sure that we’re only committing to exploration opportunities that we think we can compete against our resource base.
Matt Fox: Thanks Doug. Well in the operating plan that we laid out a few weeks ago, we’re anticipating a level of about 1.5 billion this year, next year and in 2017. We can revisit that to some extent, but that sort of expectation as of sort of planned average over the next few years.
Matt Fox: So Libya yes that productions shut in and we are confident of that shut in in the Waha concession, so nobody else is producing it. The Kenia and we started operations up this month, will sell their cargos starting next month, we have growing our sales five or six cargos and they are going to Japan.
Matt Fox: Yes, thanks Paul. So, we are running several different pilots in the Eagle Ford in particular, in the upper Eagle Ford we are running I think 7 different pilots and across the over -- across different parts of Eagle Ford to test the triple stack concept that we talked about and just to understand, what parts of our geographic extent of the Eagle Ford is going to be meaningful to the triple stock development.  So, those pilots are going to be drilled, as we go through this year and we’ll start to see results, as we head into next year, so they I don't expected it to drill any definitive conclusions on just how much of the aerial extend will be developed that way until maybe the later part or next year frankly because a lot this is understanding till the wells began to interfere with each other and you don't see that early in the wells life.  And off course we're still running this stimulated growth volume pilot that we talked about and we're going to get lot of new information from this year that from a longer term basis in terms of optimizing the Eagle Ford as a whole and other unconventional plays that we have in the portfolio.
Matt Fox: Yes. The initial results from single well pilots in the upper Eagle Ford basically showed the production was the same as to Lower Eagle Ford and of what we haven’t test yet is windows are drilled in the context of a pattern of wells, do we see interference. And that's what we’re testing with these days seven pilots that were running now.
Matt Fox: No, I don’t think we went into that yet Paul, because we really need to understand the nature of this pilots, how they perform when they’re confined with other wells, we didn’t actually make any view prediction about what we expect to find. We’d rather do that after we're seen the pilot test results.
Matt Fox: Yes it's possible but then it may take you to longer than that, we don't want jump the gun and I wouldn’t, we’re definitely encouraged as we said a few weeks ago, but we want to make sure that we’re calibrating properly before we make any claims with that what there incremental reserves will be for example.
Matt Fox: We’re not in the operating phase yet for EPLNG, so the -- I don’t have the operating cost number of the top of my head. The tax regime is a tax and royalty and regime with royalties at the Queensland level and taxes at the federal level.
Matt Fox: Yes. This is actually not fully resolved yet, there is some discussion still under way with the Princeton government on the nature of how their oil could be calculated, so I can’t really give you a definitive answer on that yet. Paul.
Matt Fox: We expect with the major projects that we’re doing and the development drilling that we’re doing in Alaska that we’re likely to hold production relatively flat for the next three years and beyond that actually. And we had a reasonably good representation of the overall Alaska production because we get the big production areas we look to drill Kuparuk and Alpine so I think if you at us our macro view of Alaska about wouldn’t be about basis to think about that. In terms of realizations I think currently realizations are -- for the E&S, crude are both $2 or $3 below Brent and we have taken one cargo this year to Asia and one last year and we always have that option if that’s what we chose to do.
Matt Fox: And we were continuing to work through our optimizations, Ed that we discuss a little bit few weeks ago, optimizing the completion design and the well length and the well placement and so on. I wouldn’t say there is anything fundamentally different going on there, but we are and we are moving towards more pad drilling, 90% of the wells have become pad drilling, but there is not a fundamental change there, the guys are just executing well.
Matt Fox: I feel pretty comfortable, although for obvious -- the answer I gave earlier on what we expect of our Eagle Ford and Permian and Bakken production to do this year and into next year. Assuming that we do increase our rigs in the way that we intend to next year.
Matt Fox: Yes. So, peak on both them really for a different reasons, peak operational cash flows in 2017, and for someone to do this because it takes a while as you know to build the steam chambers and ramp up production in the site B project, and in the case of APLNG, we’ll bring the first train on this year, it will be next year before we bring the second train on, so the first year that will have both trains running will be in 2017. So in both cases it will be 2017 before they fully contribute at their plateau rate and off course that rate will continue in both projects for a decades.
Matt Fox: Let’s see, I would say overall we’re probably running three or four, it varies a little bit, but I think three full time and fore if we -- occasionally, so that's our total spread to support to those rigs.
Matt Fox: Okay. So we've had two dry holes there in the campaign, the first at Kamoxi was basically the reservoir wasn't developed, as you know better than most these cabinet reservoirs are quite difficult to predict across the development and in the case of porosity just wasn't developed there. For Omosi porosity was developed, we did see good reservoir faces, but it was gas filled. So the fetch area was feeding into Omosi was overcooked. So two different reasons for the failures on those wells and that basin as a whole is a bit less predictable and then we are talking going in. There is a valley well that we’re drilling is actually testing a different play than the Omosi and Kamoxi wells were, so will see how that goes.
Matt Fox: Yes. Roger, it helps, the U.K. sector needs as much help as it can get, so the help on the tax rate, it was welcomed. The simplification and broadening of the and uplift on capital is going to help us realize about 12% uplift now in capital when you go through the math and so this -- we’ll build only if we’re thinking as a thinking about overall investment portfolio over the next few years, but it’s certainly was a move in the right direction by the UK government.
Matt Fox: Yes. So, we have been running some refracs in our portfolio and some using the diverter sort of technology some just basically straight that pumping the new fracs with existing pairs and somewhat new paths so we’ll be testing a few and the area that we’re seeing the best uplift is as you would expect are our older wells where we pumped smaller jobs with wider spacing so they -- we see some potential there and it’s particularly in wells that were drilled a few years ago and more recently drilled well, so we are continuing to evaluate that, but there is some -- certainly some upside potential.
Paul Sankey: Good afternoon everybody. A couple of quickies. You mentioned on Libya that you are shut in, is that full-shore shut in or can someone else be producing those volumes and the follow up which is also a fairly quick and clean, could you talk a little bit more about the Kenia sales, I'm not sure who is buying that, Ohio is selling it and then I have a longer term follow up.
Paul Sankey: Got it. Matt, one of the things that people have been talking about since your analyst meeting is your comments on the pilot that you ran and pilots that you're continuing to run in the Eagle Ford. Could you just expand and talk about what could be the next catalyst in terms of news flow on those pilots? Thanks.
Paul Sankey: Yes, Matt, just remind us what the uplift is in terms of performance that you I think we're anticipating, if I'm not wrong. I can't remember if you've seen initial results or whether you anticipate. 
Jeff Sheets: I'll add a little bit to what Matt said on the tax side, the taxes are actually paid down at the ATLNT at kind of corporate level and there is going to be as you can imagine with a big capital investment project like that from a cash flow perspective, a fair business tax Shale from depreciation on the investment particularly in the early years of the project.
Jeff Sheets: I don’t know but I can give you that precisely in the number that depends on price levels as well. But if we had current kind of prices, that's probably not a bad assumption.
Jeff Sheets: Yes the Eagle Ford was around the 175,000 about first quarter, and the Bakken was around 55,000 barrels a day in the first quarter. Permian was less than 10, on the unconventional side we also have significant conventional production but in the Shale’s side it was less than 10. So what we expect to happen forward is we the aggregate production from the unconventionals is going to grow a little bit into the second quarter and then it’s going to gradually decline as we exit the year so the fourth quarter exit rate is going to be quite similar to the first quarter rate in aggregate for the Shale plays.
Jeff Sheets: It depends a bit on the pace of the build of the rigs back up you should really assume that it’s going to hold it flat because by the time we get the wells back and running again through the drilling and completion and hook up and bringing them on production. We’re actually going to see the decline in production from those plays continue into the early part of 2016 and then start to increase towards the end of 2016 and based on our current assessment of how we’ll put rigs back to work, they’re probably relatively flat from the average of 15 to the average of 6.
Jeff Sheets: We’re always in with a portfolio of our size looking at what going to we do in the way of portfolio optimization. As we go forward we’re not going to be pre-announcing that we’re marketing particular assets. You will hear stories probably on the marketplace that we’re testing values on that and that’s what we’ll always be doing as part of a prudent optimization of the portfolio. As we’ve said I think it’s prudent to think in terms of a company our size will do something with its asset portfolio every year and we talked about it, whether that’s a $1 billion so a year there is probably a good go by. It really just depends on whether we’re getting full value for the assets. It’s always about whether we can sell the assets or at least what we think we could receive from in-value if we kept them in our portfolio. And we don’t know what that number is going to be but there will be some level of asset sale.
Jeff Sheets: I think our first reaction to an increase in prices is going to be to reduce the amount of cash we use and the amount of debt we might borrow, particularly as we think about the activity levels in 2015 and 2016.
Jeff Sheets: I think in the near term I am not sure we see a price level that would cause us to reaccelerate and we are going to want to see what that if there is some acceleration in prices and it's got a more lasting effect as well. I mean we are taking anything about, what's going on with our capital program as Matt mentioned earlier we have a couple of billion dollars rolling off on from certain amount of APLNG and we are -- our plans already accelerating capital spending in places like North American and un-conventional, as we go into 2016.
Jeff Sheets: It’s a bit of a -- I don’t think I can actually quantify that because the rating agencies won't tell you exactly what number that is. As I think we would characterize the same way we characterized it on our call last time, we think the amount that we do borrow is going to be -- it could be enough that would cause us to see a one notch downgrade from what's currently A1 at Moody's and A the middle single A with the Standard & Poor’s and with Fitch. And what their have you seen all the agencies do have our credit rating outlook on a negative, so that that's they are going to be anticipating that.  But once if that were to happen that were moves into a range, what we are comfortable that there is plenty of space there to meet, whatever borrowing needs we might have in 2015 and 2016 as we head towards cash flow neutrality in 2017.
Jeff Sheets: No we've not impaired Libya. For us we would have to see if there is some kind of view that there was a permanent loss of that concession before we really need to do an impairment.
Jeff Sheets: You know, I don’t know that number off the top of my head it’s on the order of a $0.5 billion, but I wouldn’t -- I am not sure exactly what that number is.
Jeff Sheets: No, we take the portfolio approach to thinking about our cash flows. So we wouldn’t really think about doing it for one particular part of our portfolio. Generally our philosophy that we’ve talked about before hasn’t changed, we feel like hedging is by definition kind of zero sum game in terms of value and it’s one of the reasons we keep a strong balance sheet is to be able to handle the fluctuations in commodity price.
Jeff Sheets: I can’t speak for the industry as to what price signal they might be looking for, it would certainly be a cash flow of a big impact on that as well. But in our plans we are planning the increases within 2016 modestly, but we’re going to increase as we move into 2016 and that’s in the anticipation of some continued recovery in prices. And in terms of the capacity clearly we’ve laid down quite a bit of rig and the completion and capacity. And that can be brought back relatively quickly. There is a flexible industry that we have in the Lower 48, so exactly how quickly people bring these back on will be a function of the cash that we wanted to back in and the what they see us be an efficient and see if we are could bring the rigs and the completion crews back to work. So I don’t think I answered your question very satisfactorily, but that’s the best I’ve got.
Jeff Sheets: So what we saw in the first quarter was that realizations were probably weaker than what people were expecting primarily in the Lower 48. For example I think our Lower 48 crude oil realization was closer to $40 where WTI was like 48.5 or so for the quarter. What we’re seeing is just a tough quarter for realizations a lost supply in the marketplace. The differentials that we’re seeing are not that different -- that we saw in the first quarter and not that different when we were in a $50 price environment and they were when we were at much higher price environment, but still kind of that same level differentials. I think we would expect to see kind of differentials improve in terms of kind of percent of marker realized and maybe some slight improvement in any kind of absolute levels of differentials as well. The differentials were tough because they were kind of tough across all commodities for us in the Lower 48 as well, just it’s tough on NGLs, oil and natural gas.
Jeff Sheets: It's just little bit -- that’s just what the market was in the first quarter, is something really that fundamentally changed in our product mix or the quality of any of the products that were selling that would lead to that kind of differential.
Jeff Sheets: Yes, it does and by its nature dry hole cost is going to be pretty lumpy and we happen to have both the Harrier well and the Omosi well in Enochdhu hit in the first quarter. You could have quarters where the numbers really low, no well actually gets to TD during that quarter and it could be lumpy again later in the year. But as we look at the overall kind of balance of the year, we think the guidance that we gave at the Analyst Presentation still make sense.
Jeff Sheets: What we're seeing in this in more rapid response in the Lower 48 and other parts of the company and we expect to see some deflation kicking in and we’re already asking some in our international business, but there is a this coming more slowly I mean it's what we've anticipate is coming more slowly from the international business, but it's come very rapidly in the Lower 48 and but we've build in build that sort of the trend, as we anticipated into our expectations of the deflation and we do expect to see those reductions coming in the international over the next several months.
