Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Christine, and good morning everybody. Thank you for joining us today. Our speakers this morning are Jeff Sheets, our EVP of Finance and Chief Financial Officer, and Matt Fox, our EVP of E&P. Let me take care of a couple of quick administrative matters. First of all, I wanted to make sure that all of you saw the note in this morning's earnings release that we plan to announce our 2016 capital budget on December 10th. We also plan to host a conference call in conjunction with that release and the reason is to provide some additional details about our operating and financial plans that will include some specifics on our CapEx, our operating costs, our volumes and also a brief region and program overview. That's a bit of a departure for us but we think a very good and early opportunity to share our plans for next year, particularly given the ongoing market uncertainty. We will provide the details for that call very shortly. Now if you turn to Page 2 you will see our Safe Harbor language. We will make some forward-looking statements this morning, and the risks and uncertainties in our future performance are described on this slide and also with our periodic filings with the SEC. And then finally once again during Q&A we'll limit questions to one plus a follow-up, that way we can hope to get everybody through the queue within our planned hour. And now I will turn the call over to Jeff.
Ellen DeSanctis: We're still thinking about all that but our big concern here is not asking the market to wait until April to see the details of what our current year plan is. So at this point you can count on December being a pretty big update on the company's plans and programs for the year.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thank you, everybody. And feel free to call back if you have any follow-up. Thank you. Thank you, Christine.
Matt Fox: So Doug I think from our perspective the sweet spots really matter, so you're going to get the best performance out of the sweet spots. And you're probably right that people are focusing, they are just now with a limited number of rigs running. But I wouldn't say that our perspective is that we've reached any sort of technological limit. We're continuing to see encouraging results from our pilot tests on different well spacings. We're continuing to run our stimulated rock volume pilot in the Eagle Ford and learning a lot that's going to allow us to optimize well spacing and completions in the future. And even in the Bakken we're moving from open hole slide and sleeve completions to cemented liner and plug-n-perf. We're seeing improvements there from our pilot tests. So from our perspective we're not seeing ourselves in any technology limit yet.
Matt Fox: We see that in other people's individual well performance. But I'm not quite sure what to attribute that to.
Matt Fox: Really what's going to happen for us John is as we move from ‘15 into ‘16 we're seeing about $2 billion of major project spend roll-off as we complete in particular Surmont and APLNG. So we have a choice as to what to do with that and the additional capital flexibility that's appearing and we could redirect it to shorter cycle or we could just hold on and hold onto those opportunities for another time. And that's exactly the sort of detail we're going to provide in the December call.
Matt Fox: No, it's not. Our view is that if you don't want to complete the well don't drill them. So we don't have a strategy to drill wells and then intentionally not complete them. We are reducing the number of uncompleted wells as we've gone through this year. We started the year with about 135 wells that were uncompleted and we'll end the year with about 95 wells but that's just the sort of natural course of executing our program. It's not a deliberate choice to drill wells and not complete them.
Matt Fox: Doug, I mean it's no secret that we've got several non-core assets on the market including the North American gas assets. But we're not ready to give details of those at this time. We are going to give some more detail in December. But what you should expect is something of the order of $1 to $2 billion annually. But we are going to give you more detail in December, but it's not appropriate for us to go into detail just now.
Matt Fox: I would say that on average over any period of time we should be cleaning the portfolio and that could be $1 billion to $2 billion a year. So annually, yes.
Matt Fox: If we stay at our current level of rigs in the Eagle Ford and Bakken, we would expect to see some modest decline. So for example if we go from this year into next year and we don't increase rigs we'll see 3% to 5% decline on our production in the unconventionals. We're going through the process of setting our operating plan and budget for 2016 and we'll give you a little more detail on what we actually decide to do with that rig count at that time. But just as a sort of reference if we stay at the current rig rate it will be 3% to 5% decline in our unconventional production.
Matt Fox: Yes, so the major projects are ramping up. And Gumusut is coming in. The expectations we've had the turnaround there that I mentioned which has allowed us to get the gas injection established. And so it's ramping up and getting close to full capacity. APLNG is ramping up gas in anticipation of having the LNG plant full for the first train. Surmont has really just literally just started producing oil in September. And that's going to gradually ramp up over the next 12 to 15 months. So if you just looked at those three projects alone in aggregate by 2017 we're probably looking at 150,000 or so barrels a day of incremental production from those three projects, maybe 120 because Gumusut is already there.
Matt Fox: We have announced that we're going to be exiting deepwater exploration, although we do have quite a significant program that we're executing next year. Development of the discoveries that we have in deepwater is quite some way off and we may choose to stay with those developments but we may choose to exit before development happens there. So really what we're in just now is a ramping down of exploration commitments and continuing appraisal on the existing discoveries. We're not at a development stage yet.
Matt Fox: Yes, so we obviously engage in the budgeting process with our partner there and that's a pretty collaborative process. Historically what we've done here is we've funded the additional growth in FCCL from within the joint venture from cash that's generated within the joint venture rather than taking distributions out. And those are good projects at Foster and Christina, so we'll have a good discussion at the management committee on what the right pace is to develop those. But it won't influence distributions per se because we really haven't been taking distributions out of FCCL. We've been intending to reinvest in the sort of gradual increase in production as we add more phases there.
Matt Fox: It's not really associated with major project acceleration. It's more an indication of the performance of our base and the managing our base decline and the performance we're getting from our new development wells across the portfolio as a whole.
Matt Fox: In the Gulf we've got about 2.2 million acres in the Gulf and three existing discoveries and our intention is to not be doing deepwater exploration by 2017. And those acreage positions that we hold that we don't intend to drill, we will be marketing those positions.
Matt Fox: That's right. This is a strategic decision to leave -- to exit deepwater exploration. That's exactly right.
Matt Fox: So to keep Eagle Ford production flat probably requires between seven and eight rigs. Currently we're running six. The Bakken requires about closer to five rigs. We're currently running four. So you'd be looking at maybe three additional rigs to maintain production flat. And if you look at all-in cost, drill complete hook-up and so on you can use an order of magnitude of $150 million.
Matt Fox: Possibly but only if we get full value for it. We're willing to stay in our discoveries if that's what maximizes the value. So we haven't made a commitment to exit deepwater per se but it's the deepwater exploration but if we saw full value for those assets then we'd certainly consider that.
Matt Fox: Well I guess to give you a bit of a preview of the 2016 budget we expect to spend about $800 million in 2016 in the deepwater exploration and appraisal space. And so that's the order of magnitude on the capital side that we wouldn't be spending if we weren't doing deepwater exploration and appraisal for one year. And then there's G&G and G&A associated with that as well.
Matt Fox: Clearly, the short-term LNG market is pretty weak. Whether you're tied to oil prices or you're in the spot market it's a pretty weak price that we're getting for LNG going forward. And there's not a lot that we can do about that. But with respect to the Sinopec contract at APLNG, so that's a take-or-pay contract. Sinopec have the right to divert cargoes within China. We've also given them the right to divert cargoes outside China but as a take-or-pay contract and with a price formula that's tied to oil. Then we have got no reason to believe that there is any issue with that contract. Sinopec in fact is a 25% shareholder in APLNG on the upstream project. So we don't have any concerns if that's what you're indicating about the sanctity of that contract.
Matt Fox: I'm not sure when we're going to see it, but it's going to come Neil. And the people are adjusting their capital programs where they have the flexibility to do that. So that will be things like infill drilling where they have rig contract flexibility. People are exercising operating cost flexibility, too, which means less work-overs, less spinning spheres and so on. So over time that's going to materialize in the non-OPEC non-U.S. production, but exactly when and what magnitude is hard to tell, that is coming.
Matt Fox: The 1.7 million barrels a day in 2017 that we talked about in April there was no assumption of dispositions in that. We would make an adjustment there from when we know exactly what assets are moving out of the portfolio. And we're not ready to give you a number yet because we don't know exactly which of the mix of assets that we have on the market are actually going to achieve an acceptable price. We will give you some more indication of where that's heading hopefully in December but it's too early for us to do that now. And that's one of the reasons we really don't talk about the dispositions until they close. Because you can't know exactly which of the assets that are being considered for sale are actually achieving the price that they need to make it acceptable for us to sell them.
Matt Fox: We have this 44 billion barrel resource base that we've described in some length in April. The 18 billion of that has less than a $60 cost of supply, so there is lots of sources to continue to convert that resource base and the reserves as we go through the next few years. Is that the question you were getting at, Ed? So the point is that converting that resource base over time as we execute our capital programs is what's going to result in growth in the reserve base.
Matt Fox: We still have capital going into major projects that will reduce significantly as we go into next year. So I think the easiest way to think about it Ryan is the $2 billion sort of number that we've been talking about in terms of the average capital going into major projects this year that's rolling off next year. So I wouldn't get too hung up on the run rate in the third quarter but more think about it as that sort of amount of major project capital rolling off from ‘15 to ‘16.
Matt Fox: We've pulled forward a lot of it but there's still more to come. And we're going to give you the details in December on that.
Matt Fox: And then from the asset sales perspective, we're not intending to sell assets that have growing production and cash flow.
Matt Fox: I don't have that off the top of my head, James. You're right the ramp gas as we're building up to fill Train 1 is getting sold at domestic prices essentially. And then the netback once we get to LNG will clearly be a function of what the oil price is really at that time because these are linked to JCC. But I don't have that number at the top of my head.
Matt Fox: Yes so we announced that the first production from the NPR-A from the CD5 project started just a week or so ago, less than a week ago. We did get approval from the government for the permits that we need to develop the GMT1 prospect, so the first prospect inside the Greater Mooses Tooth unit. And we're working through the process of deciding the sanction of that project but that sanction decision hasn't been made yet.
Matt Fox: Okay, I'd just like to make a couple of closing comments. Because we all know this is a difficult time for the industry but we at ConocoPhillips we're focused on what we can control and that's our production, our capital and our operating cost. As we outlined today we're moving all those quickly in the right direction. But we're really not just focused on the short-term. When we look at what it's going to take to win in a more cyclical and volatile future we think it's a diverse low decline production base that gives us stable source of funding to sustain the dividend and we have that. We think you want a large low cost supply resource base that provides a balance of flexible short cycle investment options, so you can scale your growth to higher or lower prices but also has a lower risk long-term projects that can add to the low decline base and we have that in our portfolio. We also think you need a sustainable low cost structure to make sure your margins are resilient to lower prices and you saw today we're taking a lot of action to get there. We think you need a strong balance sheet so that you can withstand the low phases of the cycle and we have that. And then we think that you need to prioritize return of capital to the shareholders to get them a real return and to install capital discipline. And that's what we are doing. So I think that we have the portfolio, the strategy and the commitment to deliver all of the things that are required for a company in our industry to win in this more cyclical and volatile future. So thanks for your interest and your questions.
Jeff Sheets: On the affiliate level, we really have three major equity affiliates. You have the Foster Creek Christina Lake oil sands joint venture, the APLNG project in Australia and the QG3 project in Qatar. Of those three, two of them are still in a fairly heavy investment phase. So for the APLNG, we don't get any cash distributions out of there. It's all retained to cover capital. In FCCL this year it's the same kind of story, all the cash flow is being retained to fund capital there and we do get some distributions out of QG3. As we move forward in 2016 and 2017 with a startup of APLNG and as additional phases and we would assume some price recovery happens for Foster Creek and Christina Lake, we expect that we would see distributions coming out of all three of those joint ventures. And as we've talked previously that's a pretty significant source of cash flow to bring us closer to cash flow neutrality. As we've also talked before, as we think about cash flow neutrality in 2017, we have increasing levels of capital flexibility, increasing production levels to where we feel like we're going to be able to get there at a pretty broad range of commodity prices. So there's not really just kind of one commodity price number that we point out as what it takes for us to get to cash flow neutrality in 2017.
Jeff Sheets: Well, I mean we had a unique effect this quarter if you look at the $1.3 billion in cash from operations before working capital and $1.9 billion after working capital. $1.9 billion of after working we had $600 million of working capital impact. We had the rig termination fee, which we took against earnings but didn't hit cash, but ended up hitting cash before working capital because it caused a shift in working capital. A similar effect happened on our restructuring costs, so when we made the comment in the slide -- as we went through the slides you should think about that $1.3 billion being more like $1.6 billion. It's taking account of the impact of just those special items. And as we also pointed out this is, the third quarter always is a weak cash flow quarter for us because it tends to be the quarter where we have the most turnaround activity. In this quarter, we lost about 40,000 barrels a day roughly in our Malaysia, our UK and our Alaska business units because they are the ones who went through turnaround. And that is pretty heavily weighted to oil production. And when you think about what happens in a turnaround, you're losing the revenue but you are still keeping all your normal costs and then you're having the costs associated with the turnaround itself. So the net margin you're losing when you have a turnaround is pretty high on those barrels.
Jeff Sheets: It's a combination of those factors. These are predominantly going to be asset sales that we would be doing regardless of a commodity price environment. If you think about it a portfolio of our size we're always going to be in the process of trying to find the assets someone else wouldn't value more highly than we do. So as we've talked about its things like some parts of our North American natural gas portfolio might fit in that category. The other thing that we think about in terms of asset sales are what assets are just not going to make the cut for us to fund capital for them. Someone who might be more willing to fund that capital would they have a different value perspective on those? So it's always a bit of a combination. But predominantly these are assets that are going to be part of any of a rationalization process in most commodity price environments.
Jeff Sheets: Well, at the same time that they are talking about these investments you have to also keep in mind that production levels from both Foster Creek and Christina Lake continue to increase. And we've been at a period where we've had low commodity prices and pretty wide differentials. So the net result has been some pretty weak realizations. So there's quite a bit of leverage to increases in prices that can happen there as well. So you've got what is probably price increases happening both on the differential and the flat price side and increased production that's going to provide more capability to fund increased investment as well.
Jeff Sheets: The sensitivities that we've provided are still pretty close. We'll give you some updated sensitivities to that in December that will reflect the latest view. But they're not going to be largely different than what you've seen currently. We're also -- in December we'll be giving you a better picture of what 2016 will be looking like in terms of how to think about cost relative to this year and how to think about capital costs relative to this year. But just overall the picture like we said when we look at the balance of cash flow and the proceeds that we're likely to get from asset sales when we compare that to what we think capital is going to be, and the dividend, we see a picture that is very manageable for us from a balance sheet perspective in order to get to the point where we get to cash flow neutrality balance still within the 2017 time frame within the capacity that we have on our balance sheet.
Jeff Sheets: It's hard to talk about that number without some context around what kind of environment we think we're in. If we had a continuation of the type of environment we've seen today, we do think we'd be talking about a number that was smaller than $8 billion. But it's in that same kind of range.
Jeff Sheets: And that number Matt noted is a fairly consistent number with what we're spending there in 2015 as well.
Jeff Sheets: We don't have one price stick that we use. As we talk about we are preparing the company to deal with low and volatile prices, so we're going to be ready to handle whether we get a continuation of current prices, whether we get some recovery that's not really going to be a determining factor in exactly where we set our capital program.
Jeff Sheets: So we're going to use cash flow from operations to fund the capital and the dividend. We're going to have some amount of asset sales proceeds that come in from things that we're currently marketing and other things that we might market. We're going to, we will first use the cash that's on our balance sheet and then to the extent that cash from operations and asset sales don't fully fund capital in the dividend we'll be looking to increase debt. I mean that it's just a mechanic of what's going to end up happening for us. And as we said as we look at the amount of debt that we might need to raise even in some continuations of some pretty tough price environments we feel comfortable that that capacity exists on our balance sheet. And it really exists within a single A credit rating as well.
Jeff Sheets: We've been pretty consistent. Since we started ConocoPhillips as an independent E&P, we thought the way to create value in the business, was a combination of moderate growth and strong payouts back to our shareholders in the form of a dividend. We think of a dividend as something that really should only go one direction and there can be some variability in the rate at which dividend increases. But the key to a dividend is to have it be consistent and to grow it over time. So we haven't really had significant discussion to talk about trying to adjust the dividend. It's an important part of our value proposition. It puts a lot of discipline into the system to have that dividend. So you've heard us talk about it pretty consistently. You're going to continue to hear us talk about that as a key component of our value proposition.
Jeff Sheets: We just put it in kind of broad categories. Like we talked about before it's really the same things that have brought it down the first increment. It's a mix of what we'd call macro factors, just continued deflation out there in the industry and also continued strength of the U.S. dollar, lowering both our capital and operating costs in Canada, Norway and Australia. But it's also it's about half that and it's about half things that we're doing, efficiencies that we're forcing through the system, changes that we're making in to how we run the Company, lower employee headcount numbers. It's really more of the same compared to the reductions that took the first increment of our guidance down.
Jeff Sheets: Well, the cyclical part of it is driven primarily by foreign exchange and just deflation that we've seen in the industry. So to answer your question you've got to answer that in the context of our price level. So if we continue to have weak prices that's not going to cycle up in a period of weak prices. We probably have a period of weak prices, it may also mean that we continue to have a fairly strong U.S. dollar. So I don't know where you'd draw the line between cyclical and structural but if you're thinking about near-term if you think in terms of a continued weak price environment we don't really expect those to cycle back. But just in the overall general context like we've talked before we see about half of what's happened is kind of macro factors like deflation and FX and generally half has things that we're doing within the way we operate the business which are kind of more structural in nature.
Jeff Sheets: I'm not sure if I followed your question Evan. If you think about in the near term we are going to benefit from capital that we've been investing over the last several years so that we are going to continue to have production growth from these major projects that will provide cash flow growth as well. If you do think about a longer-term lower price environment then you're in the realm of trying to anticipate what might happen with overall operating costs in the industry.
Jeff Sheets: I think it gets back to a comment that we had earlier about what motivates a lot of the asset sales. A lot of the asset sales are driven by normal portfolio rationalization. Of course, we generate asset sales proceeds from that but if you look back, if you look at what we're selling now, if you look back at what we've historically sold I think you can understand why we would think of those nonstrategic assets which we got better value for by selling them than we would have had by keeping them inside the portfolio and that's the main driver for asset sales. As you think about things like the deepwater decision, that's driven as much by the opportunity that we see in the rest of our portfolio as it is by thinking about just deepwater on its own. The resource base that we feel like we have and what are we going to want to prioritize in terms of funding capital is what's been a big driver for that decision.
Jeff Sheets: We don't feel like we're doing things in this environment, which are going to not be beneficial to the long term ability to grow production and grow cash flows and grow the dividend.
Jeff Sheets: But generally you can think that the price we're receiving for Australian gas in the domestic gas market is not any stronger than what we get for what we sell into the North American gas market. So there's a pretty significant uplift even in the current market, in the current oil price market to move that to LNG.
Paul Sankey: You've done a tremendous amount this year as shown on the slides, but when we look at it let's say $50 oil this year you've made about -- it looks like a run rate of about $8 billion cash flow. I guess that's obviously not a fair number. Can you guide us towards what the real run rate will be given what you've achieved? And secondly perhaps update us given all the movements on the sensitivities of cash flows or earnings to dollar changes in the oil price. I'm assuming they've gone up. Thanks.
Paul Sankey: Yes, I guess what I'm driving at is it feels like that price, the price of oil required for that has come down over the course of the last year, since your last update. I will go with a follow-up which is kind of related but you said here that you're in a phased exit of deepwater exploration. I assume that means that you'll be selling out of positions and that will form part of the disposal program that you've talked about which is very significant, I think $1 billion to $2 billion a year. I would assume that that's a phased exit which will sort of be a one-way street. Once you've left you'll be gone and I would also anticipate that would involve selling leases. I know you've got a major position for example in the Gulf of Mexico. Am I heading in the right direction here in terms of how you're looking at this? Thanks.
Paul Sankey: Can you just remind us how big your position is in the Gulf of Mexico? Because I know it's top three.
Paul Sankey: Yes, understood. And that becomes then as I said and you sort of agreed, I hope I didn't trap you, that that becomes a one-way street. I mean effectively over time you're simply leaving the deepwater and won't come back.
