Ryan Lance: Thank you, Phil, and thank you to everyone for joining our third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. It was another solid quarter for ConocoPhillips, as the team continued to deliver strong underlying performance across the portfolio, and we have achieved several additional project milestones in our international portfolio in early October. Now before I get into the details, I wanted to address the topical news in the industry, which has been the M&A headlines in recent weeks. This is not a surprise to us. We have long said that we expect to see further industry consolidation. ConocoPhillips remains steadfast in our returns-focused value proposition and cost of supply principles, which creates a high bar for M&A. And as a reminder, we've been actively high grading our own portfolio over the past several years. And as a recent example, we are pleased to have closed on the acquisition of the remaining 50% of Surmont, in early October. An opportunity came along to acquire this asset at a very attractive price that fit our financial framework, an asset we can make better through our full ownership and an acquisition that makes our 10-year plan even better.  Surmont is a long life, low declining and low capital intensity asset that we know well. We achieved first steam from Pad 267 in the third quarter, and production is expected to start up in the first quarter of 2024. This is our first new pad addition since 2016, and as we said at our recent analyst meeting, we can leverage existing infrastructure to add additional pads with very limited capital requirements in the years ahead. Now moving to global LNG. We've also continued to progress our strategy, securing 1.5 mtpa regas capacity at the Gate LNG terminal in the Netherlands. This will take our total European regas capacity to 4.3 mtpa. We have now effectively secured destinations for nearly half of our Port Arthur LNG offtake commitment in the first 6 months. since we sanctioned the project. Now elsewhere in the international portfolio, we started up our second central processing facility, CPF2 in the Montney. And in Norway, we just announced that we have started up 3 project developments ahead of schedule in October. This includes the company-operated Tommeliten Alpha A, subsea tieback project at Ekofisk, which is nearly 6 months earlier than originally planned as well as 2 nonoperated projects. Finally, in China, our partner started at Bohai Phase 4b ahead of schedule, in October. So as you can see, our diversified international portfolio continues to be a strong differentiator for our company. Shifting to results. We have record global and Lower 48 production in the third quarter, and we raised our full year production guidance to account for the closing of the Surmont acquisition, all this while achieving continued capital efficiency improvements as our full year capital guidance remains unchanged. We also continued to deliver on our returns to our shareholders. We increased our quarterly ordinary dividend by 14%, consistent with our long-term objective to deliver top quartile increases relative to the S&P 500. We have distributed $8.5 billion in dividends and buybacks year-to-date, and we remain on track for our $11 billion full year target. And we did this while funding the shorter and longer-term organic capital growth opportunities that we see across the entire portfolio. The team continues to execute well. Our deep durable and diversified asset base continues to get better and better, and we are well positioned to generate competitive returns, and cash flow for decades to come. Now let me turn the call over to Bill to cover our third quarter performance in more detail.
Ryan Lance: And I would add, Neil, it speaks again to the quality and the depth of the inventory in the company. We've got, we're prosecuting some of the best acreage in the basin and doing it in such a way that's focused on capital efficiency and returns, as Nick described.
Ryan Lance: Yes. So I can't resist but to comment on your comment, Doug, and then I'll let Nick answer a question on the Lower 48. But it's exactly what we thought should happen with top quartile targeted dividend growth as a company relative to the S&P 500. So that's been our plan, and we're sticking to it and executing on that plan. But yes, I can let Nick comment on your question about -- open up in the Permian.
Ryan Lance: Yes, I can let Bill give you some details there, Lloyd. But yes, we're excited about the opportunity to add the regas capacity in the Netherlands at the Gate LNG, complements well our German edition, and we're looking elsewhere as we try to build out and move the Port Arthur volumes and the volumes we have in other places around the globe into that market, which we think is going to be a strong market for many decades to come, which is why we're moving into this. I can -- Bill can be a bit more specific to your question on the details there.
Ryan Lance: Yes. No, I don't think anything has changed in our framework, which we outlined, I think, pretty extensively in our last analyst meeting. So based on our mid-cycle price call, you can expect us to deliver at least 30% of our cash flow back to our shareholders. And then we've said, when the prices are in excess of our mid-cycle price call, which is where the prices are today and where they've been over the last few years, you should expect us to be delivering more of our cash back. And that's, in fact, what we've done over the last 5 to 6 years, delivered mid-40%, 45% or so of our cash, has gone back to our shareholders. And it's done that in a form of both the cash and buying our shares back. So our construct around that really hasn't changed. We like to provide an affordable, reliable ordinary dividend that grows competitive with the top quartile, the S&P 500 over time. We'd like to buy some of our shares back through the cycle in a mid-cycle construct, and then we introduced the third leg VROC to add additional return back to our shareholders when prices are above our mid-cycle price call. So that's the construct we have and as we -- and we're sticking to that. We think it's served the company pretty well and it provides -- like this year, we expect cash flow of close to $22 billion, and we're giving half of that back to our shareholders. So it's probably not a bad starting point for next year.
Ryan Lance: Yes. I'll let Nick respond to that specifically. And I guess I'd make this one broad comment is, I think as we talk about this topic, I think in the companies and a lot of people are guilty of this inflation a bit, between recovery and recovery rate or recovery factor. So I think you have to be really careful when we talk about this, in light of these unconventionals, we're doing everything we can to improve the recovery that we get from the wells, the acreage, the blocks, the layers that we have within our portfolio. And -- but be careful not to conflate that to recovery factor or a recovery rate. And I can have Nick speak a bit more specifically about the things we're doing to make sure we get maximum recovery out of our assets.
Ryan Lance: Yes, Ryan. No, I think as we tried to show you at the Analyst Meeting earlier this year, we're pretty pleased with all the efforts we've made in the company over the last 4 to 5 years to really, what we think has put out an extremely compelling 10-year plan. So I wouldn't describe the -- really, really like where the portfolio has gotten to. It's got a -- it's global, it's diverse. It's got a great mix, a short-, medium- and longer-cycle opportunities organically to invest in. All those investments lead to 20 billion barrels, less than $40 cost of supply. So we've got a lot of visibility into what we think is a great plan. We're ruthless high graders of the portfolio. If some doesn't compete, we're looking for opportunities moving out. I wouldn't describe we've got anything significant inside the portfolio today that would fall into that category. And we're always looking and trying to be opportunistic, which I think describes to your point, the APLNG ROFR and the Surmont ROFR that we hold. So you never quite know when your partners make a change that you didn't anticipate, and you get a great opportunity to acquire an asset that you know really well. And the one that we know we can make better if we have it under our control, and ultimately, as I said, it makes our 10-year plan better. So we're always out looking to find -- because you never quite know when these things might materialize, but we tend to be very opportunistic. And I just remind people, our framework is intact. It has to meet our financial framework. We got to see a way clear to make the asset better, and does it make that 10-year plan that we think is quite compelling, does it make that 10-year plan better, which is a pretty high hurdle inside the company.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks, Paul. I can let Nick kind of weigh in on some of that. We're not, yes, I think lateral length is just one of the things that we're working on. Nick described a bunch more on an earlier question around completion efficiency and how we're attacking the spacing and the stacking. So I think it's all of those things that we're trying to attack, and they're different depending on where you're at in the Bakken, the Eagle Ford or the Permian. But we have deep experience in all 3 of those basins and using all that knowledge to make sure we're maximizing the recovery and minimizing the cost of supply, and maximizing the efficiency that we're getting out of it, specifically on lateral lengths, I can let Nick weigh in on that.
Ryan Lance: Yes, I think we're in that planning process as we kind of think about next year and all those moving pieces. So I say it looks to me like at this 10 seconds, commodity prices are kind of very similar to where we were coming out at the end of last year coming into the beginning of 2023. So I think that framework around total return as a starting point is pretty good for 2024. We'll just have to see what commodity prices are as we go forward. And we have a plan, and Bill can address that, to kind of pay off the pay off debt as it comes due over the next few years. That gets us down to our original target of $15 billion in gross debt, and we can continue to do that. And I think if we had a very large up cycle to the price commodity price, we might look at adding more cash to the balance sheet as well. So I think all 3 of those are in play as we think about, what we do over the course of each quarter as we go into next year.
Ryan Lance: Well, certainly, the way we look at it, Neal, is we like a global, we like a diverse portfolio. We like it to be balanced. I think we're mostly focused on what's the cost of supply to make sure it fits our framework around that, and that any asset that you bring into the company, make sure it compete for capital on an ongoing basis against a pretty rich, deep, durable, long life and a lot of inventory sitting in the company today. So as I said, it's a pretty high bar. I don't know quite how to comment on the recent deals that have been done. Those are transactions. Those are really good companies that were bought. Clearly, they have good assets. we're pretty familiar with them. We've watched them for a long period of time, and they're good companies with good assets. Transactions were, in a part of the cycle that's, little frothy and probably at a higher mid-cycle price than we would ascribe to them, I guess. Maybe that's all I should probably say.
Ryan Lance: I don't think we see a huge issue there at all, Scott. There's a lot of operators already in the Permian Basin. And it seems like the service side of the business has been accommodating all the activity that we have out there. There's been periods of tightness on certain categories. There's been, there are certain services that, by and large, we don't think it's going to be a big issue for us going forward. The advantage of being one of those large operators in the basin is, you get the attention of the service companies because they know you've got a program that's durable. I know you got a program that has some link to it. They know you're not going to be whipsawing them around. And those are the kind of customers that they want to work for. And then those are the -- so they tend to work with us, and so we don't see any exposure to the current consolidation trend in the Permian, and it's going to continue. No questions. So more probably needs to happen.
Ryan Lance: Well, I think that will be part of the process we're going through right now, Kevin. I think we're trying to think about what 2024 looks like, but our starting point is, we're seeing the efficiencies and we're seeing growth coming out of our assets. So we started to a place that says, let's just think about flat scope, and then we'll think about these other drivers like commodity price or service capability to your point and make a decision as we go into next year about what the scope and the resulting capital will look like.
Nicholas Olds: Yes, Neil, this is Nick. You're right. I mean, overall, if you look at our performance across all of our basins, it's been strong, and in line with prior year performance across, again, all those Lower 48 assets. I'd also mention that it's been in line with our type curve expectations. I'll call out, for example, Delaware well performance is showing top quartile on volumes produced, not only on a barrel of oil per basis, but also on a BOE per basis per foot. So we're seeing very encouraging results there. I think the key point, too, is the strong performance reinforces our strong focus on returns, capital-efficient environment that we've set there.
Nicholas Olds: Yes, Doug, good question. I mean, I think you're looking at the Q2 to Q3 performance this year, we were up 2%, so sequential growth. And as Bill mentioned in his prepared remarks, we're seeing 7% year-over-year. Obviously, that has a combination of our operated and nonoperated portfolio. Both are performing well. Specifically, Doug, in Q2 to Q3, a large component of that increase was our operated Permian program, as well as OBO. So we're seeing increases in the operated by others, and a little bit of Bakken as well. I mean we -- these operated by other assets are very competitive. We look at every ballot. We benchmark each one, and it performs well within our cost supply framework. As a reminder, if you look at Permian in general, about 30% of our production is coming from operated by other, within the Permian. And if I take you back a little bit in time to the Analyst Investor Day, when you think about the split between the 2 basins, we've got 2/3 of our inventories in the Delaware, 1/3 in the Midland Basin to generate the full Lower 48 of 5%. But bottom line, Doug, is that they're both competing well. We will review every ballot to make sure we're investing the right capital and drive that capital efficiency.
Nicholas Olds: Thanks, Ryan. Yes, in our asset teams, as Ryan mentioned, are very focused on optimizing the recovery of our wells and our development projects across all of Lower 48 assets. I think it's important, too, is we seek to maximize recovery but also driving improvement in capital, and that's part of our returns-focused strategy and the cost supply framework that we judge every decision against. We look at kind of improving recovery across kind of 3 primary buckets, so I'll take you through that, what we're looking at what we're deploying within our assets. So first, we look at development decisions, we used our first bucket. Secondly, is how do we optimize the reservoir, and that's our second bucket. And then the third one is really, when we look at enhanced oil recovery, but that's more longer term. Now, then one of the things that we obviously have within the Permian, and we mentioned this at the Analyst Investor Day, is that we have 2 decades of inventory within the Permian at current rig activities level. So we have a lot of focus on development decisions and the reservoir optimization to improve recovery. A couple of things. Well, lateral length is critical. We speak to about the inventory length, more you can go from a 1 lateral to a 2 to a 3-mile lateral. You increase the recovery per well. And as we've mentioned before, you go from a 1 to 3, we improve our cost of supply, which drives capital efficiency by 30% to 40%. So we're doing that. As a reminder, we've got 80% of our Permian well inventory is 1.5 miles or greater, and 60% is 2 miles or greater, and we're continuing to execute 3-mile laterals year-to-year growth on those as well. On the well completion side, again, this still sits in that development decision bucket. We're doing some interesting work in the Bakken, as an example, using multi-varied analysis where we optimize completion design to maximize both recovery and capital efficiency and seeing recent completion results that are very favorable in that space. And then the kind of the last item I'll address on the development decision is around spacing and stacking. One thing that we do out in the Midland Basin that you've heard here recently is co-development. Co-development allows us to minimize the parent-child impacts, while improving recovery as well as capital efficiency. And we've demonstrated over the last 4 years, both in the Midland Basin, as well as the Delaware Basin around improved performance there. On the second component that we're focusing in, on reservoir optimization, I'll draw you to -- your attention to Eagle Ford. We're using kind of techniques where we refrack these wells, kind of late life in the wells. And we're seeing improved well performance on expected ultimate recovery by 60%, which is very competitive in our cost supply framework. And then I'll take you up to the Bakken. We're using infill wells and upcoming edge wells to further increase overall recovery, and these are also a competitive cost of supply. Again, that's increasing the recovery per pad. And then the final bucket, that enhanced oil recovery component, where we've done many pilot studies, mainly in the Eagle Ford, around gas injection, huff-and-puff. And we've seen technical success. We've seen injectivity and the corresponding oil response. But I'll leave you with this on the enhanced oil recovery, these projects don't compete within our expansive drill 1 inventory at this point in time. We'll continue to study it and analyze it, and that's something we can address in the future. So from long laterals to improve completion design to infill wells, we're improving recovery in our assets.
Nicholas Olds: Yes, Paul. Just to reiterate, again, we've got a significant deep and broad, long lateral inventory across the assets. Just mentioned previously, the 80% of Permian inventory is 1.5 miles or greater, and the 60% greater than 2 miles, and we continue to see more and more 3-mile laterals and are very -- we're seeing good results coming out of the 3-mile laterals, both from our 2022 program, as well as 2023. So we continue to see increases in that space. Our teams continue from a BD standpoint and a land standpoint, look at core opportunities. And this is not only in the Permian. But as Ryan just mentioned in the Bakken, we just finished up some trades there to allow us to drill some 3-mile laterals in the future. So we're increasing the portfolio of long laterals across all 4 assets. The thing that you had talked about related to how far can you go, I'll just step back, the 3-mile laterals that we're seeing over the last couple of years are performing well. We're very encouraged with the results. You want to make sure you get contribution across that entire lateral length. As we would think about going further longer lateral lengths, I think you mentioned 4 miles, there's a trade-off. You can potentially drive down and improve cost of supply. And then also, you have to look through the lens of operational risk, because that operational risk is also, oddly, in development drilling, actually drilling the well, but also future workovers. And so we're looking at that in the future, but I'll leave you with the fact that the 3-mile laterals performed extremely well, and we've got a very deep inventory of long laterals, as I mentioned earlier.
