Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Christine, and greetings to everybody. Joining me in the room today are Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; Jeff Sheets, our EVP of Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Fox, our EVP of E&P. Really three quick very administrative points before we launch into our remarks here, we will make some forward-looking statements this morning. The risks and uncertainties in our future performance are covered on page two of today’s deck and in our periodic filings with the SEC. This information can also found on our website. Next, if you haven’t done so, save the date for our 2015 Analyst Meeting on April 8th in New York City. We will be providing some additional logistical details on that event soon. And then, finally, during Q&A this morning, we are going to limit questions to one with a follow-up, so we can accommodate the call queue, we appreciate your support there. So, now let me turn the call over to Ryan.
Ellen DeSanctis: Sorry, Christine, I'm seeing it's the top of the hour, we will take one more question if you don’t mind, okay.
Ellen DeSanctis: Okay. Christine, why don’t you wrap it up here? And thanks everybody for your time. And by all means call IR if you have any other additional questions.
Jeff Sheets: Thanks, Ryan. As Ryan mentioned, our full year 2014 adjusted earnings were $6.6 billion, our full year earnings slide is in the appendix, but I will quickly cover fourth quarter earnings. Fourth quarter 2014 adjusted earnings were $742 million or $0.60 a share. Our operational performance was overshadowed by a roughly 20% drop in realized prices compared to prior periods and a previously announced dry hole in Angola. Our segment breakdown of earnings is shown in the lower right with more detail provided in the supplemental data on our website. There is one special item to note, in the fourth quarter, an agreement to terminate our long-term obligations at the Freeport LNG terminal took effect. The ins and outs for the income statement and cash flow are shown in the appendix, but as a result of the transaction, the company anticipate saving about $50 million per annually over the next 18 years, so this was a good long-term economic decision. On slide eight, I will cover our 2014 production from continuing operations. We achieved two important milestones in 2014, namely, hitting our growth targets for production and margin growth. Our production growth for the year excluding Libya was 4% from 1,472 to 1,532 BOE per day. The impact from downtime and dispositions was small and compared to last year our net growth was over 60,000 BOE per day, primarily from liquids in area with favorable fiscals. We also achieved our cash margin growth target and that’s shown on slide nine. For 2014, we achieved an 8% cash margin improvement when normalized on 2013 prices. Despite lower prices, we are not going to lose our focus on cash margins and in fact, it’s as important as ever. Next, I will review our 2014 cash flow waterfall on slide 10. We started the year with $6.5 billion in cash and short-term investments and generated about $16 billion of cash from operating activities. We captured about $1.2 billion of net proceeds from dispositions, mostly from Nigeria. Our 2014 capital expenditures were about $17 billion. After accounting for dividends and debt, we ended the cash -- we ended the year with $5.1 billion in cash. Next, I will address the balance sheet flexibility we are prepared to exercise in 2015 as needed. So please turn to slide 11. We've consistently spoken in the last several years about our plans to grow at a moderate rate, while paying a strong dividend to our shareholders. The growth in our cash flow was moving us to a position where cash from operations would fund our capital and the dividend in 2017, with the shortfalls in cash flows funded largely by asset sale proceeds. With much lower commodity prices, we like the rest of industry need to manage in an environment with reduced cash flow. As Ryan mentioned, even with this dramatic downturn, we remain committed to our strong dividend and reaching cash flow neutrality in 2017. And that's true across a wide range of commodity prices. As Ryan also noted, the first action we’ve taken is to exercise flexibility in our capital program, which becomes more flexible over the next couple of years. To achieve our priorities, we will also be using our strong balance sheet capacity, both cash balances and increased borrowings to provide funding this year and next. So let me tell you how we are thinking about this? We ended 2015 with $5.1 billion of cash on our balance sheet and we need about a $1 billion of that cash to operate the company. We don't have any issues with trapped cash that prevent us from accessing our cash balances. We have ready access to the credit markets and our debt continues to trade at levels between those of A and AA rated companies. The chart on the right shows indicative borrowing rates for any new issuances in today’s markets. For short-term funding, we have a $6 billion of revolving credit facility capacity that can serve as a backstop for the issuance of very low-cost commercial paper. We don’t have any debt maturities in 2015. As we assess commodity price environment, both in 2015 and for the next few years, we think it’s unlikely that we will need to increase our debt to a level that would cause our credit ratings to slip out of the single-A credit rating range. Although, it could move lower within the A range, if we stay with the current commodity price environment for a long period. Our current debt-to-capital ratio is about 30%. We are willing to let that ride if necessary, as we move the company to a balance of cash flows, capital expenditures and dividends in 2017. So to summarize, we intend to maintain our strong dividend and continue exercising our increasing capital flexibility, to move the company to cash flow neutrality in 2017. Our level of capital spending, rate of growth and the level of debt that we maintain will be the variables that would be influenced by commodity prices. Now, I will turn the call over to Matt for his operational comments.
Jeff Sheets: That might be a comment that Matt made about capital. That also depends on what kind of cost deflation we see in both capital cost and operating cost. We don’t expect that prices are going to maintain at current levels for that period of time. So we would be at cash flow neutrality at some improvement over current price levels but not at a level as high as what we’ve experienced recently.
Jeff Sheets: We won’t let cash flow neutrality move out beyond 2017. So, I think that’s the stakes you can put in the ground, Ryan.
Jeff Sheets: Well. I think, Matt’s trying to address that. And we see it will be slower in the major projects and those like APLNG and Surmont that have a large labor component. That’s going to take a long time to work through the system depending on how long the down cycle is .We do see deepwater floater rigs coming off quite a bit. So the market today is quite a bit less than it was just a couple or a year ago maybe this time a year ago. So we do see pieces of that tubular goods, Oil Country Tubular Goods, we see that coming down, and that’s a commodity that we use across the world. So where we have development in drilling programs, and we use workovers and stuff, we see some of that flowing through as well. So it is -- my category, it’s different by each category, and it’s different around the world. And the $500 million that we were talking about is something that we’ve got pretty clear line of sight on to capture this year, and that will continue into ‘16.
Jeff Sheets: So little bit more point on Matt said as well. If you go back to our Analyst Presentation last April, we talked some numbers about how much cash, we are going to expect to see coming out APLNG and out of FCCL, once those things are up and running kind of a full rates by 2017. And those are lower numbers of oil commodity prices, but it’s still a pretty significant source of cash for us. And that is an important part of the equation of getting the cash flow neutrality in 2017
Jeff Sheets: Yes. Alastair, we have talked a lot about the capital but we have -- we are equally focused on the operating cost here, as you would expect. And just like we are focused across the value chain per capital, deflation opportunities in capital, the same things happening in operating cost. First of all, end cost are externally driven by contract, labor, materials, and chemicals, and there are some of that price sensitivity to transportation cost and some of our transportation contracts. But we got to look inside to for sale productions -- looking at internal operating cost and G&A. So we’re ready to take in actions there. We have -- we really have no salary increases in 2014. We got hiring fees in place across most of the company. We are ready for those plans to reduce headcount in Europe. That’s quite significant. And we’re likely to see more headcount reduction in other part of the business as we re-asses the implications of lower prices on a future plans. So we’ve the whole company focused on minimizing our operating cost and we’re not going to leave any stone unturned. We’re not going to take any measures that reduces the safety or integrity of our assets. And that is one of the things, Alastair, that we intend to talk about in more details at the Analyst Day in April, our approach to the operating cost side of the equation.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Matt. So let me recap what you’ve heard today. I think we delivered again in 2014. But certainly that was then and now it’s all about 2015 and it’s all about flexibility in Brazilians which we believe we have both. Our priorities are clear, dividend and cash flow neutrality. And we’re taking immediate actions to defend them. We’re cutting CapEx, capturing cost improvements and exercising our balance sheet if needed. And we’re also thinking about the timeframe beyond 2015. We’re asking ourselves what's changed in our industry, if anything for the longer term. We’re testing our portfolio under different scenarios and again we’ll see what -- we’ll see that we have a resilient portfolio with flexibility to adapt if circumstances warrant. Now some things might change, but here’s what’s not going to change. We’re going to allocate capital prudently. We’ll continue to migrate our portfolio to a lower cost of supply. We’ll maintain capital and financial flexibility and we’ll pay our shareholders first. That’s our formula for creating long-term shareholder value. And I look forward to seeing you and describing that in more detail in April in New York. So with that, now let me turn the call back over to the operator and we’ll take some Q&A.
Ryan Lance: So I think the Doug, a number of $9 to $10 billion to keep production flat is a good go-by from that. It I mean, it clearly is going to be a function of how much deflation we see, this sustained deflation across the industry. And -- but the -- a number of that sort of magnitude is good go-by for the time being.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. I think as I look out, we probably should expect with some of the modest growth that we’re seeing in demand and really the resiliency that we see and the unconventionals having an impact on the supply, we’re going to be in a more volatile world as we go ahead. So as I think about that strategically for the company, we’re trying to build the company that has a solid base of legacy assets, low production decline, the things that you can underpin the dividend with overtime. So as we bring on the oil sands, our legacy assets in Alaska, what we’re doing in Europe in the North Sea, what we’re building in Asia-Pacific. And then on top of that, we’re moving to lower cost of supply in the portfolio through the addition of the unconventional portfolio that we’re developing here in North America. And that provides us a lot of resilience and flexibility to the capital. So we’ll see what you commodity price gives us, we’ll protect the dividend first and then with what’s left over in the cash flow, we’ll fund a capital program that will set the growth that we see coming out of that because we know the growth is directly related to that capital program. When it comes to share buyback, we will just assess what we have in terms of capital opportunities in the portfolio, if they are good, strong returns which we think they're going to be with the unconventional inventory that we have. We will judge that against the opportunity for share buyback down the road.
Ryan Lance: Yeah, sure, Doug, I can chime in and Matt is even closer to it than I am, so I can let him add some color to it if he would like. But we’ve -- so as he said, we are seeing reductions as we -- as rigs start rolling off onshore, rig rates will be coming down. We are seeing pumping services and some of the commodities, and we are tracking each of those. We have 20 different categories that we track on the supply chain side, and we are looking at them pretty closely. So a lot of those are coming to the capital side, some go to the OpEx side. What we said is we’ve got pretty clear line of sight to the $500 million of reductions that we factored in, but those are going to continue as this commodity price environment continues into 2015 and depending on the recovery that we see coming into 2016. We are all over it. We are looking to try to capture as much of that as we can. The interesting sort of piece that you get, although reductions and the flexibility that we’re exercising is in North America and that’s where we expect to see a lot of the first reductions from capturing the deflation. So I don’t know, Matt -- I think that’s where we are all over Doug and here is as much as we can out of it and as quickly as we can.
Ryan Lance: So, Blake, in the Lower 48 in the fourth quarter, there were around $100 million or so of an impairments that happened between and then also some dry hole cost related to the Shenandoah appraisal well that we wrote out as well, which impacted that loss somewhat. But having said that, it will be a challenging year coming forward for Lower 48 based on the fact that there is still a fairly heavy natural gas weighting in the Lower 48 production. It is, as Matt mentioned, the economics are still there for continued investments that we are making and those are good cash margin investments. But it is going to be a challenging 2015 at current commodity price levels in the Lower 48.
Ryan Lance: Well, Paul, it’s an interesting scenario to try to think about that, but it’s a tough one to anticipate a little bit over because we’re focused on executing the plan that we have. We watch the M&A market. We see the assets that are out there. The issue with M&A in our portfolio is it’s got to compete against the investments that we have in the portfolio already today. And it’s a pretty big hurdle for it to climb over. So, I wouldn’t speculate on where that might go.
Ryan Lance: The capital, Ryan, is the flywheel. So, again, we started with dividends being the number one priority. We’ll fund that out of the cash flow. The growth will come from whatever capital level that we set in the commodity price and the cash flows informs that. And then we are setting that level to make sure that we reach cash flow neutrality by 2017. And as Matt said across very scenarios of combination of capital and oil price projections, we are focused on getting there in 2017.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Because the fact that APLNG is done with equity accounting for asset and you don’t end up seeing the capital expenditure for APLNG or the operating costs for you to see contribution in current -- say the contributions going in as capital and we’ll just see the distributions coming back out in the future.
Ryan Lance: We expect the absolute level of cash margin will come down with the commodity prices obviously. But as we look at across the portfolio, most of the portfolio is quite resilient to -- on a cash breakeven basis it’s pretty resilient to these prices. So we are going -- as Matt said, we’re going to continue to drive operating cost reductions as well as the capital reductions. And while the absolute level of margin will probably come down, we’re still going to try to drive to see those margin improvements over the course of the next couple years.
Ryan Lance: Okay. So on the short-term aspect of that question in terms of the flexibility in our exploration spend, there is relatively limited flexibility in the short term on the conventional exploration activity. And we have rigs under contracts. We have agreements in place with the governments and the partners. So over the next year through 2015, that’s why we haven’t taken as much as you may expect, the exploration will really have to go to the possible exploration portfolio that is flexible. So we are going to think the 2015 is actually a pretty big year for exploration in Angola, Senegal, Gulf of Mexico, Nova Scotia, for example, and Australia. And so we -- then as a longer-term question about the role of exploration and the growth of the company, and that’s one of the thing, we’re going to talk about more in the Analyst Day in a couple of months.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. We’ve got a set the scope that we want to execute with the $11.5 billion. There is some uncertainty as to how much deflation we will capture this year. We’ve added some in, could be more than that. We’re certainly trying to drive to more than that. Yes, we’ve set the scope associated with what we want to execute on the $11.5 billion.
Ryan Lance: Well, we continue to look. I’ve said, we won’t have another large announced asset disposition program, but you should expect us every year to be pruning the bottom part of the portfolio. Obviously, it gets tougher in this kind of commodity price environment. But we set our new base case. We know that the assets are worth to us internally. And if there is interest out there in certain assets, we’ll entertain those and look at them. So I think you should expect some modest amount. It will be tougher over the next couple of years, but of course there will be some pieces of our portfolio that we will be taking a hard look at.
Matt Fox: So Doug, what I would say is that we see modestly rising price that go over the course of the next few years but certainly not back to a level that we see in the last two or three years.
Matt Fox: Well, as we move from 2015 and 2016, we will see about $2 billion coming out of our major capital projects, CapEx requirements just from Surmont and APLNG. So that’s why we’re referring to have significant increase and flexibility from '15 to '16 and that trend continues, the several hundred millions, not billions of barrels as we go from '16 -- billions of dollars as we go from '16 to '17, but that trend of reducing capital going to major projects and increasing capital going to the flexible low cost to supply development program. That’s an underlying part of the strategy that we’ve been executing for the past few years. And we are in the middle of that and adjustments to overall investment portfolio right now and for the next couple of years.
Matt Fox: Yes. So we are in the sweet spot of the Bakken and we can -- with the rig rates and the rates that we are getting, it’s economic at current conditions, but we are actually taking that all the way down to three rigs this year. We do have some commitments within some of the units and the Bakken where we have to run some rigs in the Bakken. The Eagle Ford is still very economic even at the current prices. But having said, it makes more economic sense to be fair. So what we are dealing with in the Eagle Ford is that a balance of, we have some commitments. We need to run probably three legs to meet commitments on our leasehold and we are also keen to continue to learn on Eagle Ford, because we have a huge inventory to develop over the next couple of decades and we want to make that we are capturing all the learnings. So we’ve chosen to continue with some of our pilot tests as we go through 2015. And our expectation is that some of the capital flexibility appears more into next year, they were likely to increase our rig count and take advantage of what maybe higher prices, but certainly will be deflated costs.
Matt Fox: So there is a mixture both going on John. I mean, this isn’t a great time to enter into long term commitments. We waited until we see how the deflation works its way through the system, but we are working with the suppliers. We’ve got great relationship with the suppliers and we’re looking at across the spectrum of things influence the capital and operating cost and making judgments everyday on what the most prudent thing to do as in terms of contract duration and commitments against reducing costs that we are seeing.
Matt Fox: Yeah, I think the latter is the case John. With our size, we are naturally hedged across a lot of commodities and the markers. So given our size of where we are at, we don’t see that is a useful strategy right now.
Matt Fox: Well, Guy, I think you are really trying to focus in on unconventionals in that portfolio. So to give you a sense of that, we expect a production from the Eagle Ford and Bakken will grow from about 200,000 barrels a day in 2014 to about 225,000 a day in 2015, so somewhere between the 10% and 15% increase. That production growth is all going to come through the first half of the year. And then if we state the rig counts that we said just now, we’re going again to a slow decline in both the Bakken and the Eagle Ford. Not a rapid decline but a slow decline and that’s going to continue into early 2016. So early 2016 average rate will be -- is going to be a function of the numbers of rigs we decide to run and we -- and as I said earlier, we do expect to increase our rigs in Eagle Ford and Bakken in ‘16, so production maybe flat from ‘15 to ’16, but time will tell. So, growing production on average year-on-year from ‘14 to ‘15, all of that growth is seen in the early part, the first half of the year and then a slow decline through the third and fourth quarter.
Matt Fox: Yeah. So we -- the organization that we have in the Lower 48 is flexible enough to bring the rigs down and bring the rigs back up, if we want to do that. So that flexibility exists. And we’re exercising our flexibility now and we done and we will be able to do it on the way back up again. So the organizational flexibility and the relationships with the suppliers and so on, that’s all in hand to go both ways. And in terms of the continued experimentation, yeah, we have to chock back somewhat on the pace of learning. We can’t do all of the pilot tests that we’d like to do, because you need to be drilling wells to do some of those. But the critical pilot tests that really have the biggest implications for our long-term resource and understanding. We’re going to continue with those sort of pilot tests through this downturn because they have implications of the value of our information for the long-term. We think is worth continuing to collect.
Matt Fox: As we mentioned in our remarks on call, we look at a lot of different scenarios that might happen over the next couple of years. We think between the capital flexibility that we have, the potential that we could have some level of asset sales in the mix and the cash balance that we’re starting with. So we don’t think, we’re going to be having to face the question of having more borrowings than would take us out of that A credit rating range. With -- and again that’s part of the overall message here is that that’s baking in the dividend is the first priority for how we’re using our cash flow.
Matt Fox: And well, in our North America business and certainly in Canada on the Lower 48, there is a very, very little that extends beyond one year. And in terms of rig contracts, most of them are 30 days, if we move to the international business, there is some in U.K. and Alaska there and Norway that are on longer term contracts than that. But it’s typically, it’s not common for us to have a significant amount of our drilling development led portfolio and constrained by long-term contracts.
Matt Fox: So when me see it most quickly in the onshore and North American business in this and particularly in Canada in Lower 48. We’re not going to see it, for example in the APLNG project. We are now almost a 100% labor cost. We’re not likely to see labor cost in Australia decrease over the next year. And same applies really to the Surmont 2 project in Canada where that’s all labor just now and we don’t anticipate any significant labor cost reductions over the next few months as we complete the project. So the short answer is that the major projects are going to see limited and slower deflationary and forces act on them and the development programs everywhere, but in particular in Canada and Lower 48 are going to see it more quickly.
Matt Fox: So what we said is that I mean, that we are going to have a lower capital to be flexible and to manage within our cash flow and maintain the dividend, so the capital is going to flex and we have the portfolio to allow that to happen. So when we say that we are going to get to cash flow neutrality in 2017, there is a bunch of different ways that that could transpire. It could transpire through higher prices with more capital and more production or lower prices with less capital and less production growth. So, we model all of these scenarios and we are planning to talk more about this, Ryan, when we have our Analyst Day in April.
Matt Fox: So roughly speaking the -- we are going to see -- so let me give you some specifics. So APLNG will grow from something like $1.6 billion this year to 0 next year. Surmont will grow from about $800 million this year to about $250 million next year. So there is a tip that few have been sort of high level. And yes, few of those biggest projects -- so there are few projects that are increasing in capital year-on-year which has been the clear rich projects and as towards closer we’ll see a slight increase in capital there next year. And same with the Malikai project in Malaysia, but overall we are going to see something greater than $2 billion coming off the -- in the mix between those larger, the biggest projects we’re executing, coming to an end, and some smaller projects that are already in execution ramping up a bit.
Matt Fox: Well that’s right. -- Actually you make a good point there. Because one other things about the projects like APLNG and Surmont for example, is they’ll start producing this year. But it won’t actually got to a peak raise for a full year until 2017. So they are going to be continuing to contribute the growth long after the capital spend even as the Surmont project takes three years to ramp up, APLNG won’t actually get to peak production until some time early in 2016. And the KBB project in Malaysia, we might only get half -- despite the fact of the project is complete, but waiting on this pipeline being appeared, we might only get half a year of production from KBB this year. But we get full year of production in 2015, and so on. I mean so this will be -- and we are happy that these major projects that they are getting to completion, not just because of that to spend the CapEx but because now we are going to reap the reward over the next several years of contributing, growing our base productions through these long life -- many of the long life flat production projects.
Matt Fox: It’s about, let’s say, that it’s roughly 30% as internal and a company labor. And then the rest is a mixture of transportation cost, contract labor, material, parts, about 30% is a ConocoPhillips internal employee labor.
