Matthew J. Fox: The exit rate was about 110,000 BOE per day, and for -- and we're continuing to grow production. I think we had a new peak production on Monday of 116,000 BOE per day in Eagle Ford.
Matthew J. Fox: Right now, in the Eagle Ford, we're in a pretty linear growth trend. And we will see that continuing essentially as we go through the year.
Matthew J. Fox: So we've been encouraged by the changes to the regime. We've been advocating this for some time. And then the change will encourage additional investment in Alaska. So we're -- and we were looking at that. We've got a long list of projects that we are evaluating now. And we did announce that we're immediate starting to increase with this new rig that we're bringing in and that rig is going to be very focused on working over existing wells and adding production that way. But we do have quite a few capital projects that we're now evaluating the impacts of the fiscal regime on.
Matthew J. Fox: You won't really see any significant change in the short term. But the -- but the issue is given the new fiscal regime, our incremental capital investments worth are now competitive. And we think they will be, but we're taking that through our overall planning process this year. And we'll be more equipped to talk about that later in the year.
Matthew J. Fox: Yes. So our goal here, Doug, is to have as much optionality as we can because, as you know, there's a lot of volatility and various markers in the production itself in all 3 of those basins. So we're -- so for example, in the Eagle Ford, just now, the way that we're set up for our sales, we're realizing WTI plus about $5 from Eagle Ford, and that's a mixture of production that's going by pipeline. A lot of production is still going by truck. And some of our production is priced off LLS, some of it's priced off WTI. And our liquids, the non-NGL liquids, are sold as a light sweet crude. And because they've got very high-value metal distillate, that makes them good refinery products, so they're not going being sold as condensate. And so we're -- and we feel good about the liquid and the gas takeaway capacity just now in the Eagle Ford. In the Bakken, we're actually realizing WTI minus about $5 on average in the Bakken. And we've got a mixture of offtake as well: About 30% is by pipeline just now, about 25% we're selling to rails -- to railers to bring it south to capture the WTI-Brent spread. And so we're managing that, I think, very well. And we're developing a lot of optionality to make sure that we have flexibility to maximize our realizations.
Matthew J. Fox: Yes. We're still evaluating our options for diluting our position in the Canadian oil sands. We've got quite a few alternatives that we're considering, quite a lot of interest in those assets, and -- but we're not in a hurry. This is an important strategic transaction for the company so we're still thinking through the -- which of these alternatives we want to pursue.
Matthew J. Fox: It's still very early days from the -- in all of those. And they -- we do see -- have a higher liquids yield in the Niobrara, for example. And the wells we've tested there all have a high crude oil yield. The -- in the Permian, I think the most recent stuff I saw from our Avalon wells was 60% crude oil percentage. And then I think you mentioned the Canol. We don't have a well test in the Canol yet, we just had -- we just tried -- drilled and cored and logged to those wells, so we don't have an estimate of that yet.
Matthew J. Fox: I think the, first well, we're just going to get core samples and some frac -- some dynamic fracture testing. But I don't think we plan to run a full frac on the first well.
Matthew J. Fox: So we're still working that, Paul. It's a good question. And we're in the middle of working out the time line and the appraisal requirements for that well. And so it's too early to give you a time line for that.
Matthew J. Fox: Yes, yes, we know that, that potential exists on our acreage. And so that's -- we're really regarding that right now as upside relative to the Eagle Ford shale itself. But you're right, that potential could be quite significant.
Matthew J. Fox: I think it's more likely that we would start drilling there in maybe 2015 than 2014. We've got some new high-quality seismic across that whole acreage position that you're referring to, and we expect to see some very high and -- good-looking prospects there. And until we get to the stage where we're ready to get them on the drilling program, that's when we'll think about if we went to bring someone in before we drill, to farm-in. So we haven't got to the stage of making that decision yet, but we really are quite excited about that zip code. This is definitely looking very good.
Matthew J. Fox: We did have a lot of potential there transactionally. We're really focusing our investment just now on the liquids-rich assets. And of course, we get associated gas with that, so we benefit from the gas price there. And I would say that -- I wouldn't see us redirecting any capital towards gas assets until we're seeing it significantly north of the current prices, the...
Matthew J. Fox: Yes. So we -- across our Gulf of Mexico portfolio, we've got a mixture of pliocene, miocene and then the lower tertiary. The majority of the increase we've been picking up has been focused on the lower tertiary. And then we do have some balance in the portfolio there. We have this operated wide single slot to drill the Thorn well, and then we have -- we're picking up a long-term rig contract with a new-build first coming in, in 2014, the beginning of 2014, and we're sharing that 50-50 with another operator. And we're currently evaluating our needs for more rig capability in the Gulf of Mexico and the deepwater rig capability in general. So we expect to be adding to our operator capacity here over the next couple of years.
Matthew J. Fox: So Roger, we'll be doing that as we go through our planning process this summer and into the fall, in looking at how this change in the fiscal regime influences the competitiveness of the incremental projects that we can see there. And we'll put that in the mix. And I certainly expect to see us a onetime increase on investment in Alaska based of this change.
Matthew J. Fox: In some areas, we can ramp up that quickly. That's pretty fast for somewhere like the north slope. But of course, if it's major projects and adding new phases of well site development or adding new drill sites and product or an NPR-A, these things take quite about longer than that and -- to get moving.
Matthew J. Fox: So -- okay, so let's take Poseidon first. So to answer the questions, you were asking, what's the right development plan there, where should we take the gas. That's the whole purpose of the appraisal program that's underway just now. And we anticipate the appraisal program will be somewhere between 5 and 8 wells. So we'll be appraising all the way through this year and probably into early year. And the whole purpose of the appraisal program is to get us the data that we need to optimize the development plan. So yes, that's what we're about in Poseidon. On APLNG, we have said that we would be interested in -- at the right value to dilute a bit further in APLNG. That's not likely to happen this year. So we're -- that's sort of in the back burner for the time being.
Matthew J. Fox: So in the Chukchi, the reason that we decided not to go out in there in 2014 was that we were in the cusp of having to make some very significant commitments for rigs, for vessels and so on. And we just felt as if there wasn't enough stability in the way that the regulatory framework was shaping up for us to be able to do that with confidence, knowing that we'd be able to get the permits and then go out there and actually drill when the rigs turned up. So we just felt that the prudent thing to do is to take a pause there and see how things -- see -- let things evolve a little bit before we decide to drill those wells. As far as the prospectivity is concerned, I mean, we still like the prospectivity in the Chukchi. There's a lot of potential out there. So we haven't given up on drilling in Chukchi. We just looked -- we said that we're not going to go out there in 2014.
Matthew J. Fox: Yes, potentially. We've been -- really, what we have to understand is what the -- is make sure that we fully understand the regulatory framework and so that we know what we're getting ready for and make sure that we can be ready for that.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, the -- pretty much. As Matt mentioned, the production is happening pretty much as we expected from all 3 plays, the Eagle Ford, the Bakken and the Permian. And production from these is all -- well, Eagle Ford is 60% oil and 20% NGLs and 20% gas, so that's really strong cash margins. And Bakken, of course, is mostly oil. And the Permian is a -- got a very favorable mix as well. So cash margins from all these assets are really much higher than our -- than the average of our current portfolio. So as you see, the portfolio, the whole -- you're starting to see that show up now finally in Lower 48 cash margins as that portfolio has moved now towards kind of about half liquids to where it was only 45% a year ago. So you're getting to -- you're starting to see that all across the portfolio. Cash margins have been a little bit hurt in Canada because of the recent weakness in bitumen prices, but we see that that's going to start recovering as well. So overall, the -- it's kind of Matt was summarizing. We see the trajectory of the growth in production happening as we thought it was going to. And it's -- that trajectory of growing production is going to cause -- growing the production at higher margins is going to cause cash margin to increase over time. So production growth is on plan and margin growth is on plan as well.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: I think, as Matt mentioned, I think, on -- previously, we're still evaluating the options that we have in the Canadian oil sands process. And that's something that we're going to be taking our time doing because there are a lot of different potential routes we could go with that transaction.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, I think that'll be fair. It's a transaction we're going to be working on throughout this year and could potentially be in the next year as well.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. It's what I would call short-term impacts. Cash margins, there's -- always, there are going to be a lot of things that go into cash margins that would create a lot of noise when you look kind of quarter-over-quarter or even somewhat year-over-year. So it depends not just on what price levels happened -- or what went on with price levels, which moved a little bit in this year-over-year time period. As we showed our realized price, overall it went down by about 3%. overall. The cash margins went up. So it's what is making up -- it's the tax rates at which those -- that production is happening, as well, makes a lot of difference. And as you point out, we did have some improvement in natural gas prices in that time frame, which helped margins. So what we showed in the call today which is what happened to actual cash margins year-over-year, including the impact of prices. Now what we think is important, though, is what happened in the cash margins over the long term kind of in a flat price environment, and that's what we really tend to talk more about, like that we spend a lot of time talking about it in the analyst presentation. And as you go long term, it's the impact of adding oil production, LNG production, oil sands production, and changing the mix in the portfolio, as well as the geographies in which you add them. And that's just the same way we pointed out on today's call that you could observe year-over-year cash margins increases and there's going to be noise around that as we go forward. And I won't say that every quarter we'll see an increase but, over time, as we move our portfolio to higher liquids percentages and change the geographies, that you're going to see an improvement in that cash margin.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Gee, I don't know. I don't think I've -- we haven't dissected to that and try to allocate it out to different components.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. And I think that's the point to it: We'd have to get comfortable the prices have made some kind of move that is sustainable to a higher level.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, so there's always so much -- there's always going to be a fair bit of volatility just based on what's going on with prices. So do you step -- you almost have to set that aside to start with. So if you think about what we said at our analyst presentation, we're kind of going from a mid-20s kind of cash margin today over the next several years where prices stay the same, that's kind of a low-30s type number. And that's being driven by new production coming online that's different. And new production has kind of happened on a favorably ratable basis over the next -- between now and 2017. You'll really start to see that happening for us kind of in the fourth quarter of this year as new projects start up and then also you're kind of ramping up on some of the Lower 48 assets as well. So it's going to be, if prices didn't change, then you'd see a fairly steady increase on our cash margins over that time frame, but I can't really tell you even how it's going to be in the second quarter or the third quarter. I think you were asking a question of, well, "How about the impact of things dropping out of our portfolio?" And you kind of are already -- seeing that already because we started reporting Algeria, Nigeria -- well, Kashagan didn't have any production right now, but we started reporting those assets as discontinued operations. So actually, having those sold, probably not going to change much from the presentation that you see today.
