Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, so maybe just talking about Eagle Ford, so as we mentioned, the Eagle Ford is going from, we think, 50,000 a day to around 100,000 at the end of 2012. We probably have around 10,000 BOE per day that's held back because of infrastructure constraints.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: It comes and goes. So as we've commented, as Eagle Ford continues to ramp up, we'll be probably working with infrastructure constraints on through this year and on into 2013. I think that once we get beyond the 2013, we feel like the infrastructure constraints will be largely behind us. So if you just looked at Eagle Ford and the Bakken and the Permian, maybe those, our fourth quarter production from those areas was around 116,000 BOE per day, and that was right at 50,000 out of Eagle Ford, about 18,000 out of the Permian, and -- about 18,000 out of Bakken and 50,000 out of the Permian. We see that over time that those are going to grow to where they get to be in the 2013 to 2015 time period of over 250,000 to maybe 275,000 BOE per day. And it's going to just increase just fairly steadily over that time period.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: If you look at gas drilling, it's in the few hundreds of millions of dollars of our capital program that is addressed towards gas drilling. And even that level of expenditure, given the more recent developments in natural gas pricing is something that we're looking pretty closely at.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. Let me talk about -- that's a good question. Let me talk about gas production. So our fourth quarter natural gas production in Canada and the Lower 48 was around 2.5 Bcf a day, so 400, and maybe a little -- 400, 410 MBOE per day. So if we -- as we look across that portfolio, there's probably 2/3 of it, which where the economics are really driven by liquids production and not natural gas prices. So kind of off the top, there's a portion of our portfolio which is just not going to make sense to shut in. Then if you look at -- so maybe 1.5 out of that 2.5 Bcf of natural gas is really associated with liquids production. Looking at, say, the remaining Bcf a day, some of that we operate, some of that they don't operate, and we have partners on a lot of that production as well, and partners have different views about shut-ins. But most, I think our partners generally not wanting to shut in natural gas and lose the cash flow associated with that. So we are looking at the portion of our production that we can -- that we kind of control that decision entirely on, and think that we will have some shut-ins of natural gas going forward and it's going to be on the order of 100 million cubic feet a day, or something like 15,000 to 20,000 BOE per day going forward, and we'll continue to watch that as we -- as the year goes on and we see how the natural gas markets develop.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, so you're referring to the Exxon -- really that got into their ICC arbitration. So we chose not to pursue ICC arbitration and then chose -- instead chose to pursue exit arbitration, which is the World Bank process. We've been through that hearing. We're waiting ruling on that, which we expect will occur, could occur any -- early this year even. But we can't really be certain of the timing of that. And we still feel very good about the case we have there. Again, like we said on previous calls with the initial ruling will be a battle, will probably not result in a number, but will result in kind of the parameters around -- which the number will be calculated and then we'll have a period where that will be done and there'll be a period where appeals can also happen. So we're still at least 2 or 3 years away from having something that we can collect.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: It's both of those things, Faisel. The economics are better for us in the Eagle Ford than they are in the Bakken so that will have priority as we think about where we're allocating our capital. We hold our leases in the Bakken on a long-term basis and don't need to do drilling there in order to maintain our acreage position. So we're taking a very measured approach there. We don't want to get ahead of infrastructure in the Bakken. So you'll see us continue to ramp up our activities there. They're good strong return projects, but it's not as strong as what's -- what we have in the Eagle Ford.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, I think the upstream sides and we are -- have a marketing process that's going on, on 2 refineries right now as well.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So production levels were down about 30,000, I think we said 33,000 a day in the fourth quarter, from our previous levels which was our kind of our 45,000, 50,000 level.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: In the fourth quarter. So we are working through a process of getting a revised field operating and development plan approved. We're working that with the relevant agencies in China where we hope to proceed with that as soon as we can. But we can't really give you guidance on exactly when that's going to occur.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Well, I think we could see that actually -- it'll vary during 2012. It could potentially be lower in the first quarter and then improve as the year goes out.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So that's just looking at the things that we operate where we largely control the decision, I think...
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Because they don't have any significant liquid production or don't have any kind of operational concerns that you have to work through with shutting in. I think this will be a subject that gets discussed quite a bit between partners all throughout the industry as we go forward. And that could change if we have persistent low natural gas prices. But our kind of immediate guidance is that it looks like the numbers we said, something on the order of 15,000 to 20,000 BOE per day or around 100,000.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, so we're progressing well and kind of the things that you're seeing some Form 10s filed and the revisions of those filed. We're progressing well on our RS.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No, I think things are progressing well to get in the second quarter and it could happen as early as May.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. So I think, so we generated basically $20 billion of cash flow in 2011. Broadly speaking, 80% of that $16 billion or so came from upstream and 20%, $4 billion, came from downstream.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Right. So I think upstream will be spending its money predominantly on organic growth, and we've talked a lot about that, what the projects are that are making that up and that we anticipate that we'll be seeing 3% to 4% production growth.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: $14 billion. So we've announced the $15.5 billion capital program for 2012, and that's basically $14 billion upstream and...
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion downstream and a few couple hundred million of other expenses, other expenditures. So upstream, we'll be executing that organic growth program and that's what -- the production increases, and as we've -- equally significant, the changes are in our portfolio, which are going to drive increases in cash margins for BOE are what is -- are the growth drivers for upstream. And then downstream, we'll be...
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So we are -- we talked about asset sales of $5 billion to $10 billion, and that's pretty heavily weighted to the upstream side of the business, and going forward, when we said that share repurchases will generally kind of track along with that, which says that we are continuing to buy shares currently, not at the same rates that we were buying them last year. But we're going -- so you'll see first quarter that there'll be some buybacks that occur actually in the first quarter. Then the pace of buybacks will depend upon the pace of our asset sales program, and that really goes for ConocoPhillips both before and after the split of the downstream company. And the downstream company, as Clayton mentioned, they'll be out -- will be out before the split, talking more about how we're going to be allocating cash in that business.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, I think we're going to give you the same answer we've been giving you on asset sales as we just are working through a lot of different processes, and we -- it's not helpful to us to try to have a lot of information out until we get kind of to a finishing point on those. So not -- I'm afraid there's not much we can update on you -- update you on there.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So we intend to pursue Eagle Ford as 100% development going forward. So I hadn't heard that one, but we can tell you that there's nothing behind that. We are investigating options for our oil sands properties outside of the Foster Creek, Christina Lake joint venture. We think there's quite a bit of interest in properties like that. So we're going -- we'll do some things to find out how the market would value those and make our decisions going forward based on what we find out. But we would intend to maintain interest in the properties outside of FCCL. It's just a question whether we might -- would it be value to bringing in a partner to develop those.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So the settlement is for the fisheries that were potentially impacted by the spill, which is the primary issue that we were dealing with. So we -- that's probably about all we can say at that point, we don't know if there will be others -- other things beyond that.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So I think, Paul, all we can really say at this point is we think that the settlement we just announced last night is an important step forward and it resolves kind of the most pressing issues that are out there and we're just going to need to move forward with the process with the authorities there, and there's not a lot else we can comment on at this point in time.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No, really it doesn't. It's primarily related to timing differences between tax depreciation and financial depreciation.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Paul, I'd have to get back to you. We don't -- it's not a very high percentage of that number because of the category that we fall in. It's different rules for different size producers. And then even going forward, it's a complex set of rules upon -- that depend -- that will determine which category you fall into. And we could be still considered and integrated by some of those measures even going forward because we have things like fractionation capacity and some of our processing up in the North Slope. So it's not as clear-cut as just kind of saying that we move from one category to another.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, so we'll be working that as we go forward. It depends some -- on some exactly when the whole transaction ends up closing. We will have an additional write-down on APLNG when that transaction closes. It won't be of the same magnitude of what we had before. And right now, we'd say that's in the neighborhood of $100 million.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: They were -- we're kind of reluctant to just give kind of exactly what was where. But it's in the areas we mentioned which are the Duvernay, the Canol, Avalon, Wolfcamp, Niobrara and some other areas. It was probably 2/3 Canadian, 1/3 Lower 48 acreage, and it was all targeting plays which we believe are liquids-rich plays and not gas plays.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So I think we looked at the Surmont project and our remaining assets and complying with the FCCL and thinking of the size of oil sands in our portfolio and also the values that people attribute to properties that are kind of out in the marketplace right now, I think it makes sense to just find out what value the market would ascribe to that. It's most straightforward to do that on the Surmont project. But it's not just Surmont, it's the Thornberry pipe and Sulesky acreage that we have as well that we would consider doing something with as a package.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: I think it's something we are going to continue to study. It's really not just a thinking about it from the perspective of Lower 48 natural gas production. But as we think about to what long-term alternatives are for Canadian gas production. And importantly, as we think about what alternatives could be for development of the North Slope gas in Alaska. Those are all things that we'll be investigating whether liquefaction and export and natural gas makes sense going forward.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: A large part of it was Trainer -- things we had in inventory in the Seaway Products pipeline. For example, we sold some terminals during the year that had inventory as well. So Trainer made it with the largest single component of that, but it wasn't all related to Trainer.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, that we reduced our inventories kind of across the system by about 10 million barrels during the year.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, so I mean, we have inventories related to our system and then we have some inventories that we take on as kind of more of a systems optimization trading type operations. We'll bring some of those back on in the first quarter. But I don't think we have the number that we can give you as guidance right now.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. The ForEx is a nonrecurring change, and you can see in our supplemental information that, that was $45 million to $50 million of that difference. We changed the -- in our comments you probably picked up we were saying Corporate costs, we would say going forward are more of a $1 billion per year run rate and we're $250 million a quarter. I think our previous guidance was more like $275 million a quarter. So just interest costs lower being a driver of that.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: And then yes, capitalized interest was a little bit higher than we initially anticipated it was going to be. So that -- I think those are the major drivers of it. So ForEx is a big part of that, which is not a -- which is going to be changed from quarter-to-quarter.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. So we'll have it's like roughly $6 billion of proceeds come in from the distribution as we contemplated it now. And we'll probably use -- we've targeted at taking our ConocoPhillips debt level down to around $18 billion; at the end of the year, $22.5 billion. So we're going to use $4.5 billion of that to reduce debt. So there will be some that goes into the cash from that distribution.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: I think it's probably -- no, I don't think that we would give you that impression. There'll be things to work through on refinery sales which will probably take those post -- post-bid.
C. C. Reasor: And San Juan's got some liquids with it, but we've got 4 rigs running there. So of the 35 to 40 rigs in the Lower 48.
C. C. Reasor: Yes, there are a couple of things that have happened in the fourth quarter. There's -- so takeaway capacity's increased significantly in the fourth quarter over the third. There's additional trucks. There's a new condensate pipeline station which came online in late September. As Jeff mentioned, we have some production curtailment due to infrastructure constraints as a result of well volumes, but we're going to work with several companies to increase offtake capacity in the near and long-term and get transportation commitments set up for condensate and also increase or invest in increasing gas gathering and processing capacity.
C. C. Reasor: Sure. I think Jeff mentioned that you see the split occurring in the second quarter as early as May. I still think that's probably where we want to stay.
C. C. Reasor: It's got some special items in it that you have to pull out, but we disclose those. And then you've got also on the cash flow, you've got of course, the dividends that are coming out of the Chemicals and the Midstream business.
C. C. Reasor: For downstream, there's probably $1 billion or so of capital that goes into the R&M business as far as just keeping our refineries safe and making sure that we've got, doing the right things around our refining business. The excess cash flow coming out of Phillips 66, we're talking internally about where that goes right now, whether that's into Chemicals or Midstream ventures. Those are probably more likely candidates for the free cash flow that comes out of the business. But we'll be able to provide you with more of our thinking about that before the split.
C. C. Reasor: Yes, the plan -- we're not going to have an -- the typical Analyst Meeting that we have in March, we've decided not to have. But we do plan on meeting with you and with others in the financial community about what our plans are both at Phillips 66 and with ConocoPhillips. I think both Ryan and Greg will be available to the Street and we'll -- we haven't scheduled that. But think about a March or April timeframe when we'll be out there and be able to fill you in a bit more on what our thinking is.
C. C. Reasor: Yes, the thinking, at least right now, around use of cash in Phillips 66 post-split, I would say, we've prioritized the first couple of billion or so towards debt reduction versus share repurchase. But those decisions have yet to be made.
C. C. Reasor: Yes, I think we don't really have updates. I think data rooms are open I think we're -- indicative bids are -- the deadline's coming up and we'll take a look at what comes in and then make our decisions going forward. We don't have anything to add from what we already talked about earlier on Trainer or Alliance.
C. C. Reasor: And of course, Mark, I think the classification for the liquids there are -- is retrograde condensate is the term that's used internally to describe those liquids.
C. C. Reasor: X Borger and Wood River is going to be -- I think it's going to be around 200,000 barrels a day, but let us check our numbers. Including those 2, it's somewhere between 450,000 and 500,000. So I just have to back out what Borger and Wood River represent.
C. C. Reasor: There was some public disclosures on the Ute license round at Wolfcamp, but we haven't given a lot of detail yet because we're not finished -- not finished buying.
C. C. Reasor: Let's see, I think we got this. So we had, what, $141 million dry hole expense in E&P for the quarter? I think that's the number. But I don't -- think there was -- well, I just don't -- we can get back to you on that one, Phil. I don't know where those were. But obviously it was higher in the fourth quarter than it was in the rest of the year. But we can come back and let you know where those dry hole expenses took place.
C. C. Reasor: And FCCL, I think we would probably look at as more of part of our portfolio and good economics and something that's going to generate growth for us over a longer period of time and good returns. I think most people look at FCCL as probably the premier oil sands assets. And so it could be that TCS and Surmont won't be able to generate the types of returns that FCCL can.
C. C. Reasor: Yes, so I'm not sure exactly when we go FID on it. I know, well, to answer your question, I guess, we'll give you more information on that in late March, early April when we come out and start talking about the sources of growth for Phillips 66.
C. C. Reasor: I don't think the intent is to use -- how they intend to use Phillips 66 back for debt reduction primarily.
C. C. Reasor: But the thinking on share repurchases is really, Evan, think about share repurchase as being funded the asset sales. That's really what's going -- that's what's going to fund that activity.
C. C. Reasor: So I guess that was the last question. Kim, appreciate you lining those up for us and appreciate everybody participating on the call. You can find our material, again, on our website. I look forward to talking with you in the near future. Thank you.
