Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Zanara. Good morning and welcome to our listeners. We have the following executives on today's call: Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO, Bill Bullock, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Tim Leach, Executive Vice President of the Lower 48 Dominic Macklon, our Senior Vice President of Strategy and Technology,, Dominic Macklon, our Senior Vice President of Strategy and Technology, and Nick Olds, our Senior Vice President of Global Operations. Given our recent June 30 market update, we plan to keep our prepared remarks very short this morning, and then as Zanara mentioned, we'll begin our Q&A session. To call-related logistics, some of today's speakers are participating virtually. We've done our best to ensure everything runs smoothly on the technology front. Also because we want to give as many people as possible a chance to ask questions during today's call, please don't get offended if you get cut off. You can jump back into the queue where you can reach out to Investor Relations anytime after the call. Finally, a few reminders in conjunction with this morning's press release, we posted a short deck of supplemental material that includes second-quarter earnings and cash flow summaries, some guidance items, and our cash flow sensitivities. And then finally in today's call, we'll make some forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results could differ due to the factors described in today's press release and our periodic SEC filings. We'll also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures today. And as usual, reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found again in this morning's press release and on our website. Thanks and now I'll turn the call over to Ryan.
Ellen DeSanctis: Yes. Zanara, hang on a second. We're going to break in with the answer to Paul's second question. Sorry, Neal, we'll get right back to you.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks, Zanara. Thanks to all of our participants this morning. Really appreciate the questions, and you're more than welcome to check in with us at any point after the call. And look forward to engaging with you over the next few months. Be safe.
Ryan Lance: Well, thanks, Phil. I'll start on the M&A side and let Bill chime in on your second question. When we -- when I -- we think about the market, our approach is to constantly know what assets that we like and we constantly reviewing the portfolio to look at the pieces inside the portfolio that are uncompetitive.  So we're constantly screening opportunities to both buy and sell assets and we're constantly trying to high-grade the portfolio.  I think the environment that we see today certainly feels like more assets tend to come to the market, But I don't think that makes it -- makes it necessarily a buyer's or a seller's market today.  I think what matters to us is just to keep at the rigor and the discipline that we've described back in 2019, we continue through today and continue through the Concho transaction that we did earlier or back in January.  And that's just the rigor of our disciplined framework around cost of supply and value and simply being patient, Neil. I think the market may require that even now more than ever. So I think that's a bit about how we think about the inorganic side of the business. And I'll maybe turn it over to Bill and let him comment on the cash flow.
Ryan Lance: Yeah, thanks. Roger, I can provide some comments, maybe Dominic can add a little bit of color to that as well. I think if you're -- you're a pure-play one basin kind of Operator, you're probably going to experience certain categories of spend that are inflating.  I think the advantages ConocoPhillips has right now, is we're still capturing a lot of the best practices and the synergies from the Concho transaction plus the fact that we're a global diversified company, so other areas around the world are not inflating maybe like some of the economies that are leading the recovery from the COVID pandemic. So we think we're able to differentiate ourselves in that regard pretty clearly. We think it's eminently manageable this year and as we go into next year, and I would add one other thing that seems to be missing a little bit from the conversation and I mentioned it in my opening remarks and that's the unhedged nature of our portfolio.  I'm just surprised a few of the analysts aren't asking the question to the DNPs that are hedged. Do you know what -- you know what happened, there could even been more cash flow if you haven't hedged your position, you shouldn't expect that from ConocoPhillips will get the torque from the upside on the prices as we described in my opening comments, but Dominic, I don't know if you have any more, you can add to the inflation part of Roger's question.
Ryan Lance: Sure. Thanks, Ryan, I'll maybe some comments. Second, I'll let Bill and Tim, Tim obviously chime in on the Lower 48 a little bit. I'd say at a high level, the debt reduction plan that we announced at our June market update of trying to take the gross debt off over the next 5 years, that still remains our target and our goal, and it shouldn't -- we were not, right at this point, trying to increase that or necessarily accelerate that.  We're going to have some natural maturities that will retire and then we'll do some optimization of the debt. Bill can provide a few more details about that, but I think it's [predicted] (ph) through the commodity tailwinds that are in there right now.  But beyond the plans that we talked about to the balance sheet, we feel pretty comfortable that those are in place. So any incremental ought to be returns of capital back to the shareholder. Maybe Bill, if you want to add anything to that and then I can let Tim chime in about the performance in the Lower 48.
Ryan Lance: So I think as we, I think I answered earlier, we have a pretty rigorous disciplined kind of framework on how we think about acquisitions. We know the assets in the areas that we really like and you shouldn't be surprised if we're looking at opportunities that are consistent with that framework and contiguous to where we operate.  But they have to compete within our costs to supply framework and the discipline that we've brought to that and the patience that we've done both on the buying and the selling side. So I would look at our history or performance, what we've done, not just in the Permian, but Alaska, Canada, and elsewhere around the portfolio. So we're pretty -- we think about it pretty consistently and that's how we look at those kinds of inorganic opportunities.
Ryan Lance: All right, thanks, Phil, I'll let Tim kind of chime in on the Big 3. Yeah. As far as uses of cash, we've communicated before and broadly, we like to carry some of the cash on the balance sheet for strategic and reserve, and operating purposes.  And we've described that in quite a lot of detail in the past. I think with the commodity price environment that we're seeing today, the balance sheet is in great shape, as Bill described earlier on the last question. So I think as we get incremental free cash flow above and beyond our means, we're not necessarily looking to continue to build a lot of cash on the balance sheet.  Shareholders should expect that they'll start getting incremental returns if these -- if our view of the commodity prices continues to hold. We've seen how volatile that can be and the fact that the market is still pretty imbalanced, the demand is yet to recover to pre-pandemic levels and you got arguably 5 million or more barrels a day of spare supply sitting in the market. So we still expect quite a lot of volatility, which is why we like the strength of the balance sheet that we have today and holding some cash on that balance sheet.  And we'll continue to watch that macro market, which will inform our distribution strategy going forward. Maybe, Tim, you could comment on the details around the Lower 48 rigs and frac spreads.
Ryan Lance: Let me -- you broke up there a little bit, Paul. I think that your first question is around debt and the last question around private operators, I think.
Ryan Lance: Okay. Thank you. Sorry. Thanks for the clarification, Paul. I can let Bill talk about the way we view deferred taxes over the course of the plan that you're referring to. But I guess in general to your second one, on the private side, they are representing about 45 or so percent of the rigs that are running in the tidal place in the Lower 48 today.  But they only account for about 22% of the current production of about roughly 7 million barrels a day. It probably increases a bit because they are pretty active to your point. I think generally as we think about it going forward, they run out of some of their best acreage over the next couple of years.  So we don't see them having an outsized impact on the growth coming from the tidal and being a dominant driver to U.S. production growth. That's really going to depend on the strong public companies like ConocoPhillips to have the best rocks and the higher quality rock versus the private companies.  I think that's really the area they continue to focus on although we see as well as you do in the short-term, some of the incremental production that's coming out of the private operators. We're certainly taking advantage of the commodity price environment that don't have maybe the investor pressure on disciplined and returns of capital back to their shareholders while they are trying to increase the value their properties as they go forward.  So, ell our short-term thing, we don't think it will be a long-term driver to what the U.S. title play looks like. So let me ask Bill to chime in on the -- for the next question.
Ryan Lance: That would probably be way at the upper end of our estimate Paul I don't think we would view that much, we would probably be half or so of that kind of an estimate that their current kind of rig load.
Ryan Lance: Probably have one follow-up with Paul that Bill can answer. Maybe if I could add just [Indiscernible] Bill can address Paul's other question.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Neal. On your first one, we've got export capacity for some of our oil coming out of the U.S. Lower 48. And in fact, we're doing some direct marketing with our commercial organization that has been an uplift to our margins and netback prices. We continue to see that as an opportunity and have a longer-term goal to continue to grow that capacity and to be able to access some of those unique opportunities in the export market. And in fact, not even going to traders that pick it up at the shoreline but going direct customer to customer, given some of our relations primarily in Asia and in Southern South America as well.  That's an opportunity for us as well. On your second question, we announced our gross debt reduction plan, and that's consistent and equally important to the share repurchases that we're doing today.  Once we obviously get through that debt optimization plan that we're doing, then returns of capital back to the shareholder would dominate. But right now it's we are in a dual-track of looking at, as Bill described, retiring some of our near-term debt maturities and then doing some optimization of our debt in the balance sheet as market conditions continue to provide the right opportunity to do that.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Jeff, I think I'd go back to our original sideboards of the fairway that we've described to our shareholders, to our owners is that you should expect greater than 30% of our cash returned back to our shareholders.  That's on a quarterly and an annual basis and you look back at our history, the last 5 years, that's averaged over 40%. That's really the differentiation between our models for return of capital back to shareholders and maybe some of the others that we've been reading about and that we've been hearing about because it's not free cash flow base. It is CFO base.  So as CFO grows because commodity prices are up, the shareholder should expect to get more distribution. Now we've chosen the -- in our ordinary dividend, we've said we want to be competitive. We want to grow that competitively with the S&P, that's how we're measuring ourselves. That's how we're measuring our performance of return, on capital.  And that's how we're measuring our performance of return of capital with the respect to the ordinary dividend. And then -- but we want that ordinary dividend to be resilient through the cycles. So we don't want -- we want to be able to afford it.  At the low end of the cycle, which we demonstrated last year through the pandemic. And then we recognized as we get additional torque that we described with higher prices that our cash flow is going to grow and our returns to our shareholders should grow as well. You should expect that to come and at a minimum, it's going to be 30%. So it's not a free cash flow-based model, we think about it as a CFO-based model.  And as I said in my opening remarks, we continue to watch what the best distribution channel maybe it's a combination, maybe it's a hybrid down the road. Well, we'll continue to watch that, but today, we feel like our shares are a great buy in the market.  the channel that we've chosen right now at this 10 seconds is to -- the strong ordinary dividend is yielding what it is today, combined with returning -- meeting our threshold with greater than 30% through the share buyback channel.
Ryan Lance: Well, Doug, I think we've learned through the past history, and you referenced it, the reductions that we made coming out of the downturn in 2014 and 2015, and that experience is there and we got to make sure the ordinary dividend is reliable, it's consistent, it's predictable, it's transparent, it's growable over time and it works through the cycles and through the cycles there's an important distinction here so a lot of the people that you've talked about raising the dividend have come out of the period where they cut it pretty dramatically and maybe growing it back to a place that works through the cycles.  We feel like we've done that heavy lifting over the course of the last 4 to 5 years. And we're the place now where we are comfortable with the ordinary dividend. And like I said, we want to be competitive with the S&P 500 as we go forward but I pivot back to you, what's important is the shareholder is going to get 30% of our cash flow or more on an ongoing basis.  So you will get it and maybe today, cash return is to your point a little bit more in favor than buybacks, I could point to a couple of years ago where that wasn't the case. I don't know what that case will be 6 or 12 months from now, but we're open to it and we're looking at it. We're evaluating it. And you'll hear more from us about that particular piece of it as well, but today, I think our shares are a pretty good buy.
Bill Bullock: Sure, good morning, Neal. This is Bill. It was a very clean quarter on a cash basis. It was clean for both cash and it was clean for both earnings. As you're looking at your run rates, I point you to just 2 items to consider though.  The first one and we mentioned this in the press release is that we did make a $200 million discretionary pension plan contribution in the second quarter that reduced our second quarter CFO. And the contribution increased the pension plans funding status above 90% and that eliminates the need to pay the PBGC premium payments.  Also leads to reduce financial statement volatility for the pension and reduces some of our go-forward funding requirements. So that really did make good sense for use of cash to us in the quarter. And so I draw that's your attention as a reduction in run rate.  And the other one that I point out as you're thinking about run rates would be our APLNG distributions. We received distributions of 250 million from APLNG in the second quarter. That brings year-to-date to about 350 million, and we anticipate about 100 million in the third quarter and 700 million for the year. So just as a reminder, we typically receive lower distributions in the first and third quarters and higher distributions in the second and fourth quarters as you're thinking about the run rates on that. And that -- those APLNG distributions are pretty locked in for the year because long-term LNG sales [at break LNG or] (ph) price lag, and there's -- so there's very little sensitivity to that for the remainder of the year.  And so as you're thinking about how to look at run rates for the rest of the year, I direct you to our sensitivities that we provide, those still hold. And a good rule of thumb is about $300 million annualized cash flow for every $1 million change in WTI. And with those, you ought to be pretty bang on with CFO sensitivities.
Bill Bullock: Sure Ryan. So we do have about a billion dollars in debt maturities that will be coming due before the end of 2022, you should expect us to retire that debt as it comes due. And as we previously said, any potential debt refinancing and reduction were to depend on multiple factors, including the cost to retire debt, cost to issue debt, and how we decide to approach that broader debt reduction target.  But we're in a really strong position with the balance sheet right now. And so I think you should expect us to be patient in evaluating market conditions as we continue to consider transactions to reduce our debt portfolio.
Bill Bullock: All right. Paul, it's Bill. On deferred taxes, if you look at -- for this quarter, we had about $360 million deferred taxes as a source of cash this quarter. That's primarily due to utilizing our U.S. tax loss carryforwards this quarter.  But if you look back to what we showed at the market update in June, the deferred tax is really not a material component of that $70 billion worth of free cash flow we showed at reference prices at $50 WTI.  And we would expect that all of our significant businesses would be in a tax-paying position at that reference price by about 2024. Now, should the current prices continue, we'd expect to move into a tax-paying position a bit earlier, maybe late 2022 or 2023 at current prices compared to 2024. But under normalized $50 barrel prices, deferred taxes really aren't a source of tailwinds force.
