Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. The 1,546 MBOED, though, does not have adjustments in it for sales that have happened since then.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. So I don't think it's right to take that number and then compare it directly to 2Q. That would be missing the adjustments for sales since then.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: ...Q2 number, there is a significant turnaround downtime built in, but that's not so different from last year either, so.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yes, Phil, I think that's a reasonable assumption. You know our philosophy is to dollar-cost average mostly, so it will be pretty consistent over the quarters.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Sure. The quarterly came in at about $950 million. So if you take the run rate times 4, you get like a $3.8 billion kind of number. We do still expect to spend $5 billion on the year. It's interesting, though, that we were able to continue to grow volumes even at that lower CapEx rate. I think so, partly, it does reflect our continuing capital discipline and our success in resisting some of the inflationary forces that are out there. But we did have, in the quarter, some more roll-off in project activity, particularly in our APME region, Malaysia, Indonesia, some lower project activity. Our exploration CapEx was lower, a bit of a timing thing, in the first quarter. Our CapEx in places where we are ramping, projects like Alaska and places like L 48 where we were coming up on rigs, was increased. But just to give you perspective around the Lower 48 where we have our biggest ramp going on, we came into the quarter at 8 rigs and we exited the quarter at 11 rigs, we're now at 12 and of course, the majority of the cost associated with that rigs is associated with the completions, and the completion work comes along behind that, and so, that's still ramping. And so, I think that will be a key driver that will push our quarterly CapEx numbers up going forward through the rest of the year, and I expect that we will spend that $5 billion even though you don't see it in the first quarter pace.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, maybe the second question first, Paul, as far as dry holes. We had about $100 million dry hole expense in the first quarter and I think our guidance on that for the year was $200 million. So we've taken a look at that. We haven't changed our guidance. We're pretty comfortable that we'll be somewhere around the $200 million range when we look at the program and the way that the risk is distributed across the quarter. So no change to the $200 million guidance. As far as debt repayment, we said that we want to reduce our balance sheet debt down to $20 billion this year, which is nearly $7.5 billion of reduction. Your question was around how much can you reduce without a penalty. What we're doing in this first phase, if you will, to get down to $20 billion is basically focused on near-term maturities and the term loan that we have out there in 2019. The term loan has no penalties associated with it. The balance of the debt that's going to be retired this year will be retired through make whole provisions and I don't know if you consider that a penalty, but we will pay a premium over the par value on the bonds. But since there's such near-term maturities, the penalty is fairly modest or the make whole premium is fairly modest and so what I'm looking at is cash efficiency and we believe we can retire that $7.5 billion of debt, we'd spend about $1.04 roughly to retire each dollar of debt. So that's pretty efficient.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Sure, Doug. Yeah. The deferred tax used in the first quarter was very high at $1.2 billion. It does stand out, so I'm not surprised you're asking about it. But that was mainly driven by that large financial tax benefit that we had on the Canadian transaction that we booked during the first quarter. If you remember, that was like $1 billion or so.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: So when you remove that and a few other special items, non-recurring type items, we would get down to about $100 million use of cash for the quarter, which is right on line with what we would expect, and probably more in line with what you would expect.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, as far as the planning scenario, I think what we've shown is around $50 Brent plan over the next few years, that's what we're planning for. And as far as what mix, what the dispositions contribute to the debt reduction, it gets pretty fungible pretty quick. I would say based on these two transactions we've announced closing, that $16 billion of proceeds, you can look at our current cash balance, if you use current strip going forward, we're going to end the year with a pretty large cash balance.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: But we still have a bit to do in 2017 and 2018. We've pretty much earmarked another $5 billion for debt reduction over those years and another $3 billion in share buybacks so that's $8 billion, that's going to have to be funded from the combination of our cash balances, which are the result of the dispositions as well as free cash flow that we're able to generate. I don't know if that answers your question. Doug, on net debt to total cap, I don't have that statistic handy right now, but based on my projections as far as say CFO, to net debt, I'm looking at a leverage ratio somewhere around 1.5 times, closer to 1.5 times than the 2 times that we've talked about previously.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, we had some pretty good cash flow from Libya in the first quarter, Roger. I tried to explain that a lot of that was due to tax loss carry forwards that had been built up during the couple of years that operations had been suspended and when they resumed, that's the first money we get back. So we're getting the lion's share of the cargoes – or the proceeds of the cargoes that are sold. We sold four cargoes, I believe, in the first quarter.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: We're continuing to sell into the second quarter, but the majority of that tax loss carry forward has been exhausted and we would expect if production continues uninterrupted in Libya, that we would fully exhaust that carry forward during the second quarter, so I would expect it to carry.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, I'll try that one, Blake. Of course, some of the things that we're doing on the portfolio, we expect to be accretive to income going forward and profitability. Obviously, we've taken a lot of measures over the last two years to reduce our cost structure. Those efforts continue in the Lower 48 commensurate with the dispositions and other programs that we have underway. So yeah, in the first quarter, pre-tax, I think that loss was around $260 million. You know what, if you look back over the last, say, five quarters at the pre-tax losses versus different prices, you'll see that it's about $500 million of profit improvement for every $10 increase in oil price, of course, there's a lot of gas price improvement going along with that. So we're getting pretty close on the commodities side, but we still got a ways to go.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Yes. Over the last few years, of course, we had been active in the deepwater in the Gulf of Mexico and we incurred quite a few dry hole expenses. In this quarter, we saw some dry hole cost there as well, so we would expect that that trend would abate with time and that will improve our earnings.
Don Wallette, Jr. - ConocoPhillips: Well, I think it's been a not-insignificant factor in driving down particularly our capital, but also somewhat on our operating costs as a company overall and in the first quarter, we continued to see some pretty strong deflation outside the U.S., as we were rolling into the contracts and maybe even a little more deflationary than we would have predicted in the first quarter. And so, that's been a continuation of a trend over the last couple of years. It's certainly not the key thing that's been driving down our costs and driving down that sort of breakeven CapEx that we've talked about. That's been driven more by other factors, but deflation has been one of the significant pieces. Our model predicts that we will continue to see deflationary forces throughout this year outside the U.S. internationally, but that they'll be becoming smaller and smaller, and that by the time you get to next year that you would stop seeing significant deflation even outside the U.S. and that would start to even up. And so, if we continue to see inflation in the Lower 48, I would expect, as we go from 2017 to 2018, that we'll start to have a net inflationary environment.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, no, Ryan, I think you are right, we are continuing to see better than expected numbers there. Our first quarter production out of this piece of our business was up 2% or 3% over what we were predicting, say, a quarter ago. And it's the continuing drumbeat of improvements from technology and other efficiency drivers, things like data analytics that are helping us continue to get more and more efficient in the results that we get there. So I think that last quarter, I said I thought that on a full year basis that 2017 would be 5% to 10% somewhere in that range lower than 2016. I think it's clear just from the progress we've already made so far this year that we'll be at the low end of that decline range, if you will. So we'll do better. Instead of declining 5% to 10%, we'll be closer to the 5%. If you look at it 4Q to 4Q, I said on the last call I thought we would be up 5% to 10% 4Q of 2016 to 4Q of 2017. And I think you're right, it's already clear that we're at the very high end of that guidance now that we'll be the top end just based on what we see so far. And it's consistent with this idea that 11 to 12 rigs, we said we would grow 10% to 15% based on that chart we showed you back at the Analyst Meeting. And I think it's clear from the progress we made so far that we're on the upper end of that kind of range, if not beating it all, so.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, that's right. In 2017, as we've said before, we don't plan to go above this kind of 11 to 12 rigs for 2017. And so, all those numbers are based on continuing with that same scope that we've laid out in the past, no increase.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, like we said a minute ago, the rigs are five in the Eagle Ford, four in the Bakken, three in the Permian. The Permian, two of those are in the unconventional, and one is in the Permian conventional.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. And so, we do plan to do some work in the Niobrara this year, and so, some of these rigs may bounce up and down a little bit, but I expect to be in the 11 to 12 kind of range all year.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, that's a 2018 CapEx question. It's just too early to say. We'll obviously be watching the macro environment as we go through the year, and that includes where the cost and inflationary environment is going as well to sort of see how we judge that. But it's just too early to say. I imagine we'll be talking about that at our Analyst Meeting come November about what our plans are for 2018.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: To re-up. I mean I guess – I mean that we talked at the Analyst Day just not too long ago, last November, about $5 billion to $8 billion over two years, 2017 and 2018. And we've already announced, what is it, $16 billion.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Over $16 billion and have said we're still going to continue with the rest of our program and get probably another $1 billion to $2 billion as we...
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: We don't have any plans to do that right now. I mean we identified from a strategic standpoint the kind of assets that we wanted to sell. And part of the consideration there was which types assets did we think we could get good value for in today's market and so that's how we put that list together. And I haven't seen any fundamental change in the market that would make me want to change that right now.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay. I can comment on both of those, I guess. I mean we're in the – we have not received any distributions so far this year from APLNG. Of course, that cash sort of builds inside the joint venture, and then, the joint venture decides when to make distributions. But we are in that kind of range where we're – as we move in the kind of 50s, that – and ramp up – and as we ramp up our volumes that you would expect to start getting some distributions. With regard to the export licensing, the government of Australia has announced some key principles around that just here recently and have said they'd like to put it into effect by July 1. With regard to that, we're of course very engaged with the government and the details around how we're going to – how this regulatory – how these regulations are going to roll out. And we can see that APLNG is very well-positioned relative to what the government's trying to do here. Their focus is on wanting the LNG export projects to be net domestic gas contributors is what they call it which just simply means that of all the production that we control and a portion of which goes through our LNG plant that we also are a net provider to the domestic market. So we may be buying gas on the domestic market, selling gas, but we need to net provide gas. And APLNG has always done that and has a firm plan to continue to do that. In fact, APLNG provides about 20% of the domestic gas on the East Coast market in Australia. So because of that and the way they've laid the rules out, we don't expect that there'll be any impact on APLNG exports from these new rules as they come into detailed regulations.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay. I would say at a high level, there's really been no big changes in my views about inflation for this year versus the comments I made on the last quarter call. If I look at our spending year-to-date where we track this every month, we are still net deflation year-to-date as a company. So we've certainly experienced more deflation in our costs after the first quarter in 2017 versus 2016 and there is a mix there. And as you correctly point out, I think the Permian is hotter than some of the other Lower 48 unconventional areas, but all of the Lower 48 unconventional is experiencing some pressure, although, actually, only in certain business lines, I mean it is variable. We're experiencing inflation in the Lower 48 and pressure pumping, proppant, cement, tubulars, those kind of categories, but we're actually still experiencing deflation on some of our labor costs, oilfield chemical costs, some of our fabrication costs in the Lower 48 are lower than they were last year. And so, there is some mix there. But overall, because we are still experiencing significant deflation internationally, that plus a little bit of help we're getting for some of our fixed contract pricing in the Lower 48 is more than offsetting that and allowing us to be net deflating so far this year.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, I think we have a lot of continuous coil tubing drilling work there, rotary drilling work there. So we have a fairly continuous program, a lot of which is driven by different kinds of new technology that allow you to see where to drill. And so, you do have some ability to change the pace of that work. And also, as we continue to march out GMT1, GMT2, our next projects, you maybe have some control over the pace of those. And recall, on Willow, when I said 2023, I think I said that the most important thing driving timing there was the permitting process and that based on experience from the past, 2023 would be the earliest, that would be if we had cooperative Federal permitting process.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, I think consistent with what we've said in the past, I expect that we're not eager to get into any inflexible super major projects like things like APLNG and Surmont 2 anytime soon, but we do have this nice pathway of semi-flexible midsize projects that we can modify the timing of that extend well out in time. And so, we'll be managing that as we figure out how much of our capital do we want to allocate to things that are flexible on the month and things that are flexible over a period of years. And so, we have a lot of optionality there and keep adding new things into the hopper, things like Willow up in Alaska. But with regard to Barossa, I mean we have Bayu-Undan supplying the Darwin plant now and it's coming toward the end of its life. And so, we know that we need to backfill with some new development and Barossa is what's in our plans. And Barossa fits into the current Darwin plant as it is; we don't need to expand it. There has been interest from many other parties in the area who have – there's a lot of discovered gas off the coast there, and so, there's been interest from a lot of other parties in whether we would consider expanding the plant and so, they've been willing to put up money to do some engineering study work to see what it might cost to do that and so we've been supporting that effort. But that's not in our current plans, to expand the plant, but that possibility is being studied, primarily to see whether you could accommodate some of the other gas that's been discovered in the area. You don't need it for Barossa.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, I think for us, you really have to go back to the priorities, those five priorities that we laid out back at the Analyst Meeting, where we've got this high-return disciplined-growth CapEx that we have available as an option, but it's competing with how we spend our cash on share buybacks and net debt reduction that Don was talking about a minute ago. We don't plan to chase production growth into the cycle. We're quite pleased with the amount of growth we've been able to get in the unconventional space just at the rig levels that we're at now. If you look at entry to exit in 2017, even as we've been increasing our rig counts and really haven't gotten to steady-state till here in April, you'll see on the order of about a 20% entry to exit growth rate for us in our Lower 48 unconventional. So we'll be considering those trade-offs between how to use that cash, as we work through our plans and establish, working with our Board of Directors what's our 2018 CapEx level going to be and be talking more about that as we move back into the later part of the year and into the November Analyst Meeting.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, well, Roger, it's sum of both. It's this continuing improvement year-after-year that really hasn't slowed down for us in the Lower 48 unconventional space where we're getting better production, better recoveries and continuing to drill and complete faster, quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year. And so, that's really what drives it. We build some of that into our forecast when we lay it out, but we've had a pretty good history here, quarter-after-quarter, of having it perform even better than the level of improvement that we had forecast.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, I would say, there hasn't been anything involved here that I would call a step change. So we're working on some step change items for the future, but I wouldn't say there's been a particular step change item that's driven this. If I had to call out one thing that's really gained steam over the last couple of years and it's paying significant dividends for us now, it would be just generically data analytics, big data where we've been working hard on that for quite a few years, but we've been able to standardize and drive it through more and more of our operations and have it much more handily helping us make day-to-day decisions on how to develop as a stronger force. And I think if I had to pick one thing that threads through all of this, that's probably what I would say is the biggest trend driver.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: I would say one other area of improvement, Blake, in that arena, is our DD&A rates. We have been seeing larger bookings across the unconventional, as we get more time with that, and that has been driving down some very high DD&A rates. And I expect that to continue, as we get more experience and are able to book more proved reserves. We really have pretty small bookings relative to what we know is there, and so, that should continue to help our earnings. I guess there's also the dry hole money that's built into those numbers as well.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. No, that's actually not an accurate way to think about it. Our data analytics work, actually, started outside the U.S. It's one of the things that we actually first started doing that work in the North Sea. And it made its way around the world from there. And so, it's been a powerful force for us. I would say where the U.S. has led that effort is the early days of data analytics for us were really focused on operational efficiency, operating your rotating equipment better, that sort of thing. And in the Lower 48 unconventional where you're drilling so many wells all the time, then data analytics was very helpful at helping to drive up our EURs, make our completions more efficient, our drilling more efficient. And you get a lot of opportunities to practice and so it has a quicker impact on your results. And we also use it in the U.S. to drive our uptime efficiency to manage our equipment and to help our multi-skilled operators in the field to be the most efficient they can be, in terms of what well do I work on next and those sorts of things. So it's really got universal use across the company globally and has moved from being an above ground kind of thing that we use on equipment to being something that helps drive the work we're doing below ground as well.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. The Malikai project, we've had better well performance, better reservoir performance than we expected. We're still ramping there, so we're going to continue to get more benefits from that. KBB has continued to be constrained by third-party pipelines downstream of it. And so, there's been a lot of progress made on that. There's some additional work being done on those facilities while we're in shutdown right now. We have an extended shutdown that we're on, on KBB right now that – and since Malikai gas flows through KBB also, it's got both of those shut in while we complete this turnaround. And as we come up from that, we'll be doing some testing downstream of KBB to try and verify what gas capacity we have now through these third-party facilities and that should allow us to ramp KBB some more as we move back through the back part of the year. And of course, Malikai will be ramping as well.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: It's pretty clear that the next place we would add a rig would be the Eagle Ford. The Eagle Ford is mature enough, it has the infrastructure capacity that you could add a rig there and wouldn't have to spend any additional money on take away, et cetera. And with all the pressure in other places like the Permian, the Eagle Ford has been a good place to operate with less pressure on inflation and better netbacks for the barrels that you're sending out. So, for us, all of the – and we still have a lot of very high quality acreage to be drilled great drilling locations in the Eagle Ford. So it's a pretty straightforward answer for us.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes, the Kenai LNG plant, started up in the late 1960s and, really, the area has sort of run out of gas to feed it, and so, we've been marketing it thinking it might have more value to others and it had some interest in it. So that's something that's in progress. The Alaska LNG project is a mega-project that has had a lot of engineering work going to it, trying to find the most economic way to develop all the gas that's being recycled right now at Prudhoe Bay. The current environment of that project is that the state has taken over the engineering and commercial work to drive that project forward, hoping to do it in a more tax efficient way and we're supporting the state in those efforts.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: I don't know about gravity discounts, but the Eagle Ford market has improved significantly over the last several years. It's become a lot more competitive. I guess a couple things probably contributing to that. One is the decline of supply in the Eagle Ford. The other is the crude oil exports last year, which opened up new markets for the Eagle Ford. So we are seeing netback improvements year-on-year at equivalent pricing of several dollars. So it's become very competitive there.
