J. Mulva: Okay, Clayton, thank you. I think you covered most of the points, so just maybe confirm a few points. First, from an operating point of view, we've operated quite well all of this year and through the third quarter. We're doing really quite well on not only the operations but the cost constraint. We're maintaining our facilities certainly, but we're doing well in cost constraint, and as a result of good commitment by our employees and the help of our contractors. In terms of the portfolio restructuring, we're right on track, no change in strategy, quite covered the asset dispositions. I think there to see opportunity as we go through 2011. And we'll update you what time. We could be doing more than somewhat more than $10 billion of asset sales. We're on track on the restructuring where we want to move E&P up towards more as a portion of our portfolio and refining and marketing from 25% with time closer to 15%. Capital guidance, we're probably going to spend closer to $10 billion this year, with expectations of capital spending closer to or above $13 billion this next year. Clayton indicated LUKOIL dispositions, we still have about 4.6% ownership. At LUKOIL share prices we are currently experiencing, we continue to sell our shares. So I think if these market levels continue, you'll see us dispose of all of our interest in LUKOIL far more quickly than when the guidance of which would be the end of 2011. We continue to buy ConocoPhillips shares in the marketplace. And as the slide indicates, guidance shows that we would spend may be closer to about $4 billion in 2010 for purchase of ConocoPhillips shares, with about $6 billion this next year. The board has approved $5 billion program, but we've indicated the proceeds from the LUKOIL disposition would go essentially towards share repurchase. In terms of debt reduction, our debt is in the neighborhood of $23.5 billion. We don't have any required maturities left this year. The debt is quite efficient. In this next year, we have some required maturities which might be in the neighborhood of about $0.5 billion to $1 billion. We'll certainly retire those. But we have no real compelling economic reason to accelerate and buy more of our debt. So we're quite satisfied with the debt. It will come down over the next several years with required maturities, but still, longer term, I think we question going much below $20 billion in debt because we have a strong balance sheet across is quite acceptable. In terms of the utilization of our free cash flow, as I just said, we don't feel any compelling reason to bring the debt down more quickly than where it is right now other than required maturities. We feel we have the cash flow to support the capital program that we've outlined. We like the discipline of increasing our dividends. Of course, it's subject to board approval. But in the past several years, we've been raising our dividends early in each of the years. And then that we'll probably operate with a cash balance of about $2 billion for opportunities and liquidity purposes. So to the extent that we sell more assets and that we have good cash flow, after we fund capital program and dividends, it would be available for additional share repurchase. So I think Clayton that covers what I'd like to do. I think we should open it up for questions now.
J. Mulva: Okay. So the question is on the refining side of the business and the aggressiveness to reduce our exposure restructuring wise. Well, I just would say that it's certainly, it's a confidential area when we're working and talking with others with respect to either shut down our facility or doing venture in a facility, selling a facility or taking, looking at a region by which we take our refineries in the region and how we can partner them up with someone else or who should have an economic interest. We did indicate about a year ago that we felt that the environment for transactions and restructuring would be more amenable to be in the 2012 time period. But I think you make a good point that we're starting to see that there is maybe a little more interest and opportunities for restructuring more quickly than waiting until 2012 and 2013. So we are working pretty hard. We want to make sure that whatever we do, we're doing it in a way that's not really destroying value for the shareholder. But you make a good point, and we're pretty aggressive and we're really focused on how we can accelerate this a little more quickly than what the guidance we've given in the past.
J. Mulva: Well, we are the first ones drilling several wells, and we're doing a lot of tech -- we're using a lot of technology and evaluation of the wells. And we kept this rather confidential. And I think it's going to take us a little bit longer before we determine just what the results are from those wells. But I think that's something you're going to hear from us over the next several months or so.
J. Mulva: Well, first of all, with respect to the management changes, the overriding objective is to put in place a real robust succession process that really looks out on any ambiguity both internal and external of the company. Here is the new team that will emerge, provide the leadership in the company over the next five- and 10-year period of time. The changes for executives that are retiring has nothing to do with health or performance issues. The objective is very clear and very simple: to put in place the future management team. And out of that group of individuals will come my replacement and this will be down over the next couple of years, and then that table continue on. I'm 64 1/2 years old, so we don't have a mandatory retirement age. But you can expect from this group will come my replacement just over the next several years. We want to make sure that putting this group together that have a lot of operating expertise. We wanted also to bring, develop our own senior management within the company, but we wanted to augment it with others from the outside with experience both Upstream and Downstream. That can give us also fresh set of eyes to help us with respect to as we restructure and execute, implement the portfolio changes, become a more Upstream and less Downstream. So without any ambiguity, that's essentially what we're doing. It's in place. It's been worked actually with our Board of Directors over this last one or two year time period. We're quite pleased with the team we've put in place. And I think you'll see -- you'll get the opportunity to see all of them in presentations together in March. But we'll make sure that the financial community get to see them in presentations individually as we go through the year.
J. Mulva: Actually, last year 18 months, we've really caught up with everyone else. We've made our submissions and all, and we would expect similar approvals here within the next month. So we essentially are working at FID in about the same time, point in time.
J. Mulva: Clayton can answer the second one. With respect to the information on some of the wells, it's really not having an impact with respect to discussions with potential buyers of LNG from this project. Certainly, most concerned to ourselves, we address this. We think we're going to be able to handle this, but it's not having an adverse impact with respect to potential buyers. In terms of our capital spend, I guess, Clayton, you could...
J. Mulva: Well, we're not looking to do a fire sale on anything. Humber is really a complex great refinery, so it's one that we really look at. It really fits our portfolio for the long term. But then on the other hand, you never know, it's possible that for the right price and/or the opportunity for joint venture, these are things that we have to consider when we look at restructuring our portfolio from 25% or 26% down towards 15%. Wilhelmshaven, we'll really not going to continue it as a refinery. We will look at selling it if someone wants to take it or converting it into a terminal. Our equity interest in other refineries, these are good equity interest, but they are relatively small, and so you have to ask yourself, "Do we have the opportunity to monetize them." So the real legacy asset here that we have with respect to refining is this Humber refinery.
J. Mulva: Well, Paul, you make a good point. The numbers are consensus views of cash availability for the company going forward. And so I think you make the following, if we spent $13 billion for capital, there's no more required for debt reduction, maybe required repayments of $1 billion next year. But like we've indicated, we'd like to increase the dividends 5% to 10% a year. We're not looking at acquisitions other than the opportunities we might have in the Gulf of Mexico, in Lower 48, where which we can farm in or get a handle on an asset. We potentially could spend $2 billion or $3 billion doing that. So what's left then as we have a lot of cash that's available not for making a large acquisition, that's available for additional share repurchase above the $10 billion number. It's not that we're trying to signal in any way that it's available to make a significant acquisition. No, we're not changing our strategy, it's more available for distributions to the shareholders.
J. Mulva: Well, we look at the valuation of our shares and certainly, we have improved the share price over this past year. And with the announcement of the strategy of what we've been doing with the company this past year, we'll continue going forward in 2011 and subsequent time periods. Management is never happy with the share price being what it is today. But if we look at what we're trying to do is it really increases and normalized earnings and cash flow per share given our asset base and our opportunities. We feel that we can, over the next number of years, be spending $13 billion, $14 billion a year, and we can convert our resources and replace our reserves, and then ultimately in the 2014, 2015 time period, drew our absolute level of production. We can do that on $13 billion, $14 billion, $15 billion a year of capital and still raise our dividends, 5% to 10%. And so if you believe there will be a somewhat better oil price, which I think we believe with time there will be and are somewhat better natural gas price, not $3.50 per MCF, but maybe closer to $5 an MCF, then we think even at the levels of $60-plus distributions to our shareholders in the form of additional share repurchase gives us the best opportunity to be raising the share price on a normalized basis going forward with whatever assumptions you have for commodity prices. We do that by having fewer shares outstanding, more capital discipline and ultimately replacing our reserves and growing our production in absolute terms, but even more so on a per-metric, per-unit share. And so we feel that we continue to look at it, but we think there's an opportunity for quite a bit more share repurchase.
J. Mulva: Well, that's an alternative and an opportunity, but that's something for the company and for the board to determine. I think our priority would be primarily raising the normal dividend and share repurchase before special dividend.
J. Mulva: It's not a change in sentiment. It's not -- we didn't feel that the bids that we got were meeting our expectations of what we could get at a later date. And so we're not changing the direction, we're just saying we feel that we can come back at a later point in time and get at a price. So what we're really saying is we're not going to dispose of assets in a fire sale. We think this asset is worth more than which we got. So we're going to go back out, whether it could be late 2011, 2012. When we think the market is better prepared for this or more interest in it, that's when we will do it.
J. Mulva: Well, it's taking us longer. The well performance is more difficult, more challenging. It's not that it's unexpected, but it's taken us longer than we expected. I was just over in China, Beijing, about two weeks ago, and I think Clayton can confirm this, but I think we're getting up to 150,000 growth, 150,000 barrels a day, maybe a little bit more than 150,000 barrels a day. and As I recall, I think ultimately, we were trying to get up to 160,000, 170,000 barrels a day gross. Clayton, you can update those numbers.
J. Mulva: Conversion of reserves, we really feel what we're doing in the oil sands in Canada, Surmont, Foster Creek, Christina Lake, we feel very good about that. And I'll ask Clayton, I'd like to share with you what our breakevens when I get done answering your question. But conversion of the oil sands is a pretty significant part of our conversion and reserve replacement over the next five years. We feel really good about that. And then the oil, we've really -- our portfolio, I don't think it's well understood in the marketplace. Our portfolio, what we have in Eagle Ford and the Bakken and the oil play of Barnett and other areas that we have, we're really getting more and more encouraged all the time that's why we're increasing our spend by about $1 billion or more in 2011. So we feel really good about that. Obviously, we got to deliver what we say we're got to do at APLNG, but we really feel that project is coming together, and that's pretty important, LNG projects in the future. And then we're having discovery success in Alaska, like Poseidon, but it's a little bit longer term. So LNG projects, what we are doing in the Lower 48, oil sands, and then we are going to go forward with the redevelopment of Ekofisk field and Eldfisk, we pretty certain about adding reserves there. So those are some of the big areas. Now on the exploration front, we've got Rock More, Moray well. And we've got more opportunities, more features to drill in the Caspian. We're looking for more acreage in Turkmenistan. We're looking for more acreage essentially in other place in the world. But we also think we're uniquely positioned as a company, exploration-wise and maybe at BD wise for larger companies and smaller companies in the deep water Gulf of Mexico. We don't know what the rules and regulations are going to be. We don't know for sure what the risk/reward is going to be. But that's why we said in prior responses to questions that we've reserved a couple of billion dollars that we feel that we could go into some discovered resources and participate as an opportunity for all of these reasons. We really believe pretty strongly, and we'll update everyone in the March Analyst Meeting of the conversion process, the reserve replacement and doing that competitively finding and development costs. We feel pretty good about this over the next five years, and we'll share that with everyone. Now Clayton, maybe would you in our March Meeting, but would you go through just, I think, the breakevens on what we have for Foster Creek, Christina Lake as well as Surmont, it gives you a better feel. We've got the resources here, but why we're committing the money and why we feel we can grow production 15% compounded over the next number of years for a long period of time.
J. Mulva: Yes. And the other thing I didn't mention, Doug, is not only can we replace our reserves and grow our production, not just on a per-share basis, but absolute level as we get into 2014 and 2015 from these type of projects. But they do have very good returns, so they really deserve. And that's built in to our capital spending plan.
J. Mulva: I think it's just the macroenvironment to improve. I don't think we're looking at expansions through that. I think there is a question, a concern that has an impact to potential buyers of the REX pipeline, how quick and fast? Is Marcellus going to develop? Does that back up the purpose of the REX pipeline? And it's not over the next 10 years. That's pretty well signed up for the throughput and the users of the pipeline and questions beyond 10 to 20 years out. So I think that's really the impact. It's just not because there's going to be changes in the pipeline. It's how does it fit longer term and that has an impact in a rather skeptical business environment to buy assets like this. But we think that will improve.
J. Mulva: We'd actually do more curtailment if we could, and the reason is, is that we have partners and we have maybe smaller companies or independents or whatever, leaseholders who go along with curtailment. I mean, we would do more if we could because we just think it has more value in the future. Now you can look at our production guidance, where the fourth quarter guidance would ultimately come in 2011. I mean, we could make our production 1.75, 1.78 by spending more money and not curtailing production, but we look at it and we see say, "It doesn't make a lot of sense to spend money for dry gas in a lot of places in the North America. And we should really be curtailing production. But if you want production to be 1.75 or 1.78, we could do it, but we don't think that's a wise spend of our money. That's why we've come up with the numbers we do for guidance for production.
J. Mulva: In many respects, we can get to breakevens where even at price levels you're seeing today, you can maybe argue that you would produce this. But on the other hand, we're not willing to just put volumes to push volumes and essentially just breakeven. We think that market will sort out not in a short term, but ultimately will sort itself out and become less dysfunctional. And we'll see the economy improve somewhat. And we'll see more demand, and there won't be as much drilling for economic reasons, opportunities to take the cash from previously hedged positions with the other independents or whatever. The market becomes less dysfunctional. So we really are looking at it. We say, as you go forward and look, we think that really price levels we see today are really unsustainable. So we got to start seeing price levels moving toward $4 and $5 that we think, with time, will come. So that's really what's factored into our decision.
J. Mulva: And just another thing, too, Clayton, and that is we embark upon a very major turnaround activity late in the third quarter just going through the fourth quarter, and this certainly impacts our performance. We gave out the guidance in terms of turnaround costs. But we complete these turnarounds. We're really setting ourselves up. We feel quite well for the long run as we go into award [ph] or turnaround requirements in the subsequent years of 2011. So we're going through some pretty extensive turnarounds right now. That has an impact on performance and financial results.
J. Mulva: Obviously, everyone is looking for oil, but I think it's just not appropriate or we're not really willing to get into that.
J. Mulva: Well, two things. First, we believe from a political process, let's not create winners and losers and get any into things that are heavily subsidized or the only way they work is you need to have continuation of governmental incentives. But we have quite an opportunity, so it's prior question [ph]. We have so much to do in our traditional Oil and Gas business or the E&P. We're going to allocate all of our money essentially towards that. And about $1 billion, $1.5 billion in the Downstream, primarily for maintenance capital and some payout opportunities. But then you'll see us ramping up more, our spend for technology and research. A lot of that goes towards more on the business side. But also just to the things you're talking about, we think it makes a lot more sense to be spending money in understanding and making some technology breakthroughs than to start spending hundreds of millions or billions of dollars in businesses that are questionable value creators for the shareholder and dependent upon subsidies from the government. So we're going to study and work this, but we're going to do it primarily through ramping up money that we're spending on research and technology.
Clayton Reasor: Yes. It's between $1 billion and $1.5 billion of additional capital in APLNG over what we spent this year.
Clayton Reasor: So I think the 2010 Eagle Ford spend is somewhere around $300 million, and 2011 Eagle Ford spend -- of course, these capital programs haven't been approved yet, but it's between $1 billion and $1.5 billion a year.
Clayton Reasor: I can't do that right now, Mark, but we can get that information. I mean, I think what we've said is these wells are generally around 1,500 BOE per day. Well costs are running in the $8 million to $9 million per well range. I don't know if we've given a ultimate reserve number on the field or by well, but we're really encouraged by what we've seen so far. I think there is some information that's out there publicly that I could share with you on our well results. We think we're in the just the right spot at Eagle Ford, and we're really encouraged by the results. But I can get more detail to you following this call.
Clayton Reasor: Yes. I see what you're saying, Mark. Our net production out of Bohai is running at 55,000 a day right now. I think there are, as Jim said, the development of the productions has been slower than we expected. But overall production growth in Bohai has continued with the earlier guidance that we have given.
Clayton Reasor: Yes. I think most people believe that oil sands require significantly higher prices to generate 13% returns. Our cash breakeven at Foster Creek and Christina Lake for the third quarter were $15.08. And on a net income basis, it's $25.70. And that's representative of about where it's been running on average for the entire 2010. At Surmont, Surmont is not quite as good as FCCL, but the cash breakeven at Surmont is $21 a BOE. And on a net income basis, it's $27.65. So very competitive projects. They will continue to attract capital.
Clayton Reasor: I can give you a little bit. I think 150 MCF a day is Western Canada, and then there's six a day -- or about 35 MCF a day out of San Juan in the Bossier.
Clayton Reasor: Yes. Faisal, the Western Canada gas breakeven on a net income basis are between $5.50 and $5.75 an M. And in Lower 48, that number is around $3.75.
Clayton Reasor: On a cash basis, looking at this year, it's been between $1.65 and $2 an M for Western Canada, and around $2 for Lower 48, San Juan and Mid-Continent BUs as well.
Clayton Reasor: Yes. Sequential change in R&M of about $500 million. We identified the inventory impact, so that's just how we value the underlying physical against the paper position. We expect to get that $75 million back. But we did have lower marketing margins of around $70 million. And then our Coke business and our Chemical Feedstock business combined had a negative impact of about $50 million. And then the balance really is realized in our crack spreads.
Clayton Reasor: We generally don't, Pavel. We just have historically not given any kind of orders of magnitude on the size of the structures that we're looking at. They're significant, obviously, especially on the Caspian. But we don't typically make those kinds of comments.
Clayton Reasor: Right. Well, we appreciate the interest in the company. Obviously, if you have further questions, we're available to take those. You can find a replay of the call and a copy of our slides on our IR website on conocophillips.com. So thanks, again. We look forward to talking to you soon.
