Ryan Lance: Thank you, Ellen, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I’ll begin my comments on Slide 3 and cover some of our key third quarter highlights. This quarter marked an exciting milestone and our first full quarter as an independent E&P company. As you saw from this morning’s release, we posted strong performance this quarter and hitting our numbers is critical to achieving the goals we set for ourselves. Really a special thanks to our employees will continue to step up and deliver. We continue to make progress on our divestiture program. Completing this program will improve our portfolio, reset our base for future growth and add financial flexibility to the company. In the third quarter we generated about $0.5 billion of proceeds from asset sales, including our interest in (inaudible). And we continue to advance our progress on other assets. Year-to-date we have generated $2.1 billion in proceeds from asset dispositions. A key part of our strategy is to grow organically. Our exploration program continues to build momentum both on the unconventional and conventional sides of the business, and Matt will talk more about these program shortly, but I’m pleased to see these for grabs gaining speed. Operationally, we achieved the high end are estimated production range for the quarter at 1.525 million barrels equivalent per day. This performance represents an important milestone for ConocoPhillips. We achieved 3% year-on-year volume growth when adjusted for dispositions. Key production highlights include ongoing strong performance from unconventional assets in the lower 48, especially the Eagle Ford and lower oil Sands in Canada. In addition, compared to year ago this quarter benefited from the resumption of production at Peng Lai and in Libya. Our major projects are also progressing as planned, and Matt will provide additional color on these in his comments. As I move to the financial themes, we generated $1.8 billion of adjusted earnings or $1.44 per share. Our diversified product mix and geographic mix continues to buffer us somewhat from ongoing weaker North American natural gas and NGL prices. Excluding working capital we achieved $3.9 billion in cash from operations. And finally we improved our balance sheet this quarter, lowering the debt-to-cap ratio to 31% from 33%. So in summary, we had a strong quarter strategically, operationally and financially. We stayed focused and delivered on the aspects of the business that we can control. Now if you turn to Slide 4, I’ll quickly address the state of the business and how that our focus areas and priorities for the rest of the year and into 2013. First and foremost, the business is running well. We completed our worldwide seasonal turnaround activities on time and on budget. Our major projects and drilling programs are on track to deliver volume and margin growth. These include our lower 48 and unconventional resource plays as well as our major growth projects in the Canadian oil Sands the North Sea projects in the U.K. and Norway, APLNG and our Malaysian deepwater prospects. These are the major prospects that underpin our long-term goal is to deliver 3% to 5% production growth and margin expansion at flat prices. As I mentioned a minute ago, our exploration program is continuing to gain momentum. We’re currently testing several unconventional and conventional opportunities and are advancing others quickly to the drill-ready stage. Earlier this week it was announced that we acquired slots in a sixth generation rig to begin executing on our operated deepwater Gulf of Mexico program by 2014. Again, we are focused on completing our strategic asset disposition program. We have several packages on the market and expects some of these assets will take a little bit of time to divest, but we’re being patient, and we remain committed to getting the program done at acceptable prices. We believe we’re on track to deliver the $8 billion $10 billion of proceeds by the end of 2013. So with a quarter to go in the year, we now believe our capital spending will come between $15.5 billion and $16 billion a bit lower than we guided to in the second quarter. Where we end up in this range depends on whether or not we find attractive opportunities to add unconventional acreage between now and year end. We continue to be opportunistic in the market for acreage that fits well in our portfolio. Maintaining our balance sheet strength is essential. We continue to keep a close eye on our financial position to ensure that we have the flexibility and the capacity to execute our plan. And finally, we remain committed to our stated strategic goals of profitable growth and sector-leading returns. I believe this gives a good quarter and gives good evidence that we’re executing on the parts of the business that we control and have projects and programs in hand to support these goals. So now let me turn over the call to Jeff for a financial review.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Matt. If I could get you up to turn to Slide 22 for some summary comments. The most important takeaway I think from today’s call is that the business is running well and that our plans are on track, and I’m pleased with our performance in our first full quarter as an independent E&P company. We remain highly focused on executing our major projects and our drilling programs, and we’re also building and testing our conventional and unconventional exploration portfolio. I think Matt’s overview should give you confidence that we’re making strong progress on these activities. We’re also executing on the strategic asset disposition program. When complete, these asset sales will improve our portfolio and create financial flexibility. This flexibility is core to our strategy, and you’ve heard from Jeff that maintaining a strong balance sheet is and remains a top priority. The bottom line, our long-term value proposition remains unchanged. We believe we have the portfolio and the programs to deliver 3% to 5% growth in production and margins with improving absolute financial returns and a sector leading yield. This is our commitment, and we’re on track to deliver it. We’re also committed to keep you updated on our progress. We expect to announce our 2013 capital budget in December and our year-end reserves and financial results early next year. And finally I’d like to encourage all of you to save the date for our first Analyst Meeting as an independent E&P company. We’ll host our meeting in New York on February 28 and will provide a detailed update of our strategic plans for growth and value creation. So thank you for your interest and participation this afternoon, and we look forward to your questions.
Ryan Lance: Thanks, Ed. I appreciate the comments. I think as we look out beyond 2016, that’s the work that we’re alluded to in the operating update is working both on the conventional and in conventional side of the Expiration business. So I think you watch both those spaces globally, in the Gulf of Mexico deepwater and in North America, and we hope globally in the unconventional space as well. We’re working that pretty hard right now to load up the inventory for the latter half of this decade.
Ryan Lance: Well, thanks, Doug. Yeah, we gave you kind of a range for the full year and expect us to come kind of in that range pretty well. So you can see the growth is coming in the fourth quarter. And I think as we look across the portfolio, we came out of the turnaround season pretty well. We’ve added rigs in China and Libya, in the Canadian business unit and then the ramp-up in the unconventionals in the U.S. are providing a lot of the production growth that we’re seeing in the third and the fourth quarter. And then those areas are also as we see prices bouncing around, differentials bouncing around as well, those areas have largely led to the income and the margin improvements that we’re seeing as well. Primarily China coming back in the growth and both North American unconventionals and the Canadian oil sands.
Ryan Lance: The laterals are typically 5,000 feet. I don’t know how many off the top of my head how many we have drilled and then not hooked up yet. But we have quite a few that we’re waiting to hook up over the next quarter and at the end of Q1.
Ryan Lance: Well, we still see potential in that sort of pari-Baltic region of Poland where we’re drilling just now. The time will tell. We’re testing a different part of the play, moving a bit farther north towards the Baltic with the oil that we’re drilling just now. And so we’ll see how that works out.
Ryan Lance: Well, I think as we think about it, Paul, today we’re yielding 4.5% or so, given where our stock price is. And as we think about our peer group as a mix between independents and the major integrates, we think the yield that the dividend will underpin for the stock will be at the upper end of all that peer group. Now some of that European integrates will be a little bit higher, but we are relative to a mix of peers in the integrated and the independent side, we think it’s one that falls at the top end. And it’s an important part of our value proposition. We’re committed to maintaining that kind of a dividend.
Ryan Lance: Well, I mean the yield will – we expect the stock price to grow, so the yield will probably come down a little bit. We’re committed to maintaining the dividend that we’ve announced and where we’re at today.
Ryan Lance: Yeah, so Paul, what we’re talking about is, what we said, is we’ll allocate 20% to 25% of our cash flows on an ongoing basis back to the shareholder and we’ll do that primarily through the ordinary dividend. And we expect over time as our production grows and our margins grow, that our cash flows are going to grow as well, so I think what we say is we ought to expect modest increases in the dividend as we go forward over the next five years and deliver on the program that we’ve outlined to the market. We probably won’t grow as fast as what the dividend has grown over the last ten years in the integrated company, but as we look forward over the next five as our cash flows grow and our margins grows, so shall our cash flows grow. And our commitment to our shareholders remains the same. We’re going to distribute that percentage of our cash back to them.
Ryan Lance: And the yield will be, hopefully the share price will increase and the yield might come down a little bit.
Ryan Lance: I’ll let Matt jump in as well. We’re still at a two-train $20 billion project for APL and GMX. That’s upstream, downstream, midstream all combined up. We haven’t seen any indication. That’s with without FX considerations which might move around a little bit over the course of the next four of five years as we complete the scope. I’d say we’re ramping up to peak kind of rates. I think we probably hit there into 2013 and into 2014 is when we start with our peak manpower both on Curtis Island and what we’re doing on the upstream side of the project as well.
Ryan Lance: Yeah, thanks, Faisel. I think of the acquisition side we’re mostly focused on acreage acquisitions and have been over the last year so. I think we added a bit over 700,000 net acres to the portfolio in the last year. So what we’re focused on is trying to identify these unconventional plays early so we can be a very early mover and get into more of the ground floor type of opportunity rather than getting in after pilots have been done and the resource then derisked and drilling has started to occur to develop it. The price goes up pretty dramatically when you reach that stage. So our effort has really been focused on the organic side and capturing our opportunities early.
Ryan Lance: I don’t think we’re ever satisfied with our position. We continually look for opportunities to improve it or consolidate our positions and bulk up what we like and farm out what we don’t like.
Ryan Lance: So this year we’re spending around $600 million or $700 million on infrastructure, I’m not exactly sure what the numbers are for next year, but it’s mostly a 2012-2013 expenditure to kind of build the backbone through our acreage as we develop that whole acreage position.
Ryan Lance: So we’ll see reserve bookings at the end of the year associated with the ones that you listed, plus we expect to see our proved preserves in Eagle Ford increase. We also sanctioned the Malikai project in Malaysia, so we’ll see reserves increase there. And there’ll be some puts and takes on various other assets, but those are the major reserve additions that we expect.
Ryan Lance: So we don’t have any significant volume showing at all now. So some of that increase is gas coming back on line, but the majority of it is increases in associated gas production with our liquids-rich plays, for example Eagle Ford.
Ryan Lance: Yeah, I think the oil sands are important in our portfolio. The important growth of the margins are good and they have a different profile, obviously relative to some of the other assets, but important in complimenting a large portfolio like ConocoPhillips has. We have gone out looking at marketing some of our oil sand positions primarily some of our Surmont. And it’s over 100% acreage we have outside of the area. We’ve got a lot of interest in it. And in fact, we’ve got enough so that we got proposed a number of different structures. So we’re stepping back for a minute and taking a look at what might work best for ConocoPhillips as we think about our options that we have with our position in Canada.
Ryan Lance: On Indonesia it’s really something we have to look forward to and both the Malaysia contracts and the domestic Indonesia contracts, you should start to see those coming through the fourth quarter.
Ryan Lance: It’s a renegotiation of the gas contract from Malaysia because Petronas wanted to secure more gas and because the Indonesian government wants to incentivize more development of the domestic production in Indonesia. So they’re moving towards a more market-based pricing. So those are really the drivers.
Ryan Lance: Well, no, I think we’ve been pretty pleased. So the North Sea and the U.K. sector, you’ve got to divide that into three areas, the Central Graven, the stuff we have up west of Shetlands with our Claire interest in the East Ireland Sea and the southern North Sea that we have. We did try to market our southern North Sea position a little bit earlier in the year, but that got hung up with a bunch of changes that were occurring in the government in the U.K. side with taxes and abandonment liability and some of those issues. But the core area that we still like and remain to think there’s still opportunity there, things like Jasmine developments that tie into our existing infrastructure, so we see additional opportunity off the Brittania platform bringing more wells and additional satellites into production in the Brittania area. And we’re currently exploring in the area for more Jasmine look-alikes.
Ryan Lance: It somewhere between 50% and 60% Australian dollar, and I don’t know that we have a particular FX rate that we’re going to quote in the budget.
Ryan Lance: We would like to be here in 10 years saying we’ve had steady dividend raises every year over an extended period of time. How fast we grow the dividend is going to be a function of how fast cash flows actually grow. We sit today at one of the higher dividends, and we’ve had some very strong dividend growth over the past decade. I think what we’re saying is we expect to have dividend growth going forward. It won’t be at the same pace that has been the past, but that’s a key part of our delivering to the shareholders. And we really can’t sit here today and tell you exactly what the dividend growth rate is going to be going forward. It’s an important part of what we offer the shareholders.
Matt Fox: So we have that 230,000 acres in total and we’re currently thinking that the ultimate spacing will be about 80 acres, so that’s what we’re planning for. And that results in about 1.8 billion BOE associated with the play. But we have pilot tests going on, several pilot tests going on in Eagle Ford where we’re testing different technologies and different spacing. So that might change over time as we learn more. Our IPs have continued to be in the order of 1200 plus barrels a day. And we’re seeing strong IPs compared to the industry average. We think the completions are working well there.
Matt Fox: The project is on track in terms of the progress. The critical path’s intact and we’re quite comfortable with the way things are working just now on the APLNG.
Matt Fox: As we go through the critical path for example, one of the things on the critical path there any LNG project is typically the LNG tanks themselves and they’re ahead of plan. We basically were to the critical path, there’s always the sort of individual milestones that you want to meet, but we’re comfortable that we’re on track to do that.
Matt Fox: We had a little bit of that in the third quarter but if you are looking at the realized price per (inaudible) in Libya we started to sell gas under that contract.
Matt Fox: We’ve drilled a total of four wells, three in the pari-Baltic region and then we’ve got one more that we’re drilling just now, but I’m not really ready to talk about the results at the time on those wells yet.
Matt Fox: Well, basically you can think of three different areas. Some ore produces a synbit, so the bitumen is blended with the synthetic. The FCCL assets both blend with the condensate. So as condensate prices and synthetic prices move around that affects the net (inaudible). Within the FCCL, Christina Lake has a higher TAN content Foster Creek. so as a result it sees a bit of a discount to the blend it sells. But roughly speaking at current prices the net mark at Surmont and Foster Creek are about the same, and the net mark at Christina Lake is a bit less because of this high TAN content.
Matt Fox: We have submitted an EIA application and overall development plan, revised the overall development plan. We expect the approval shortly from both of those.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Hi, everyone. Just right at the end you said something I just wanted to clarify which was that you’re targeting a sector-leading yield? Can you just kind of run through that? Because it’s not actually on the slides that I see.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: You guys have got an Analysts Meeting next Feb, right? I’m just not quite sure about the dividend policy, because I think you’ve got dividend as your top cash priority, and you have said that you want to grow the dividend, I’m not sure exactly what you said on the percentage aim for that if anything? Then I guess the yield is not, with all due respect, not quite what you meant. Because obviously it would be a different thing if you were targeting a better class or upper range yields.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Sorry, I was just picking you up on that. But it wasn’t actually written down so I couldn’t be sure. I understand now. Just my second follow-up. Back to the Australia LNG, you kind of started down the road of explaining where we were on costs and progress. Could you just remind us what the total project cost is expected to be, when the critical moments are for activity? If I give you an example, Chevron’s global project will have its peak activity level next Q2 2013? Could you talk about where, if you’d like, where the level of risk lies on the timeframe going forward and where you see the overall project costs? And you began to break that down between your three segments of where the costs lie. Can you talk a bit more around those and I think you talked about the extent to which you were contracted but I was wondering if you could go through some completion levels and so on. Thanks.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: And if we roll that up into the completion numbers so far, where would we’d be? I think you might’ve said that actually, sorry.
Jeff Sheets: Yeah, maybe just a couple words about our corporate segment. So with the spine and the way we realigned our segments some of those things that didn’t used to be in corporate are in corporate now, particularly some of the technology operations, so that’s going to introduce a little bit of volatility to corporate numbers. When you think about kind of core corporate, which is made up primarily of net interest expense and kind of corporate G&A, that’s going to be around I would say $220 million a quarter more or less, but there’s going to be probably more volatility in the corporate number than you might have been used to seeing in the past.
Jeff Sheets: Yeah, when you have an operation the size of ours, and you’ve got a lot of liftings happening, oil liftings happening in places like Europe and Alaska and in Asia, every quarter you’re going to have a little bit of fluctuation between the amount that you sell and the amount that you produce and it’s going to go plus and minus. I mean generally we’re in a balanced position, but we talked in the first quarter that we had about an $80 million negative impact from timing. We’ve come out this quarter we said about an $80 million positive impact from timing. We’re likely to see that order of magnitude. Types of swings can happen just because – through normal operations of timing of when...
Jeff Sheets: Right. Again, we’ll have pluses and minuses. Particularly when you look at particular segments you can have pluses and minuses just as part of your normal operations.
