Ryan Lance: Yes. So maybe I can take the latter part of yours, Neil, maybe Matt can chime in on break-evens and the first part of your question. But yes, you're right. Certainly, I know you guys can do the math and are doing the math pretty quickly these days. And certainly, at current prices, if they hang, we're going to be -- you shouldn't be surprised at all, for us to be back in the market and buying our shares back at kind of the level we were at pre-transaction. So we recognize that our commitment is to deliver 30% back to the shareholder. And we're committed to doing that. We recognize that the ordinary dividend today and the kind of market we're experiencing today and look at the forward curves that would be insufficient. So we recognize we'd have to take some of that free cash flow and return that to the shareholder. And that's certainly our commitment. And as I said in my opening remarks, always with what we experienced in 2020, having a really, really strong balance sheet is really important. So reducing our net debt is something of interest to it as well. So let me maybe, Matt, can chime in a little bit on the break-even numbers.
Ryan Lance: And I'd add, Neil, that – sorry, Neil, I'd just add that, we're taking the time to drive the efficiencies and free cash flow generating power through the transaction with Concho. And we're just getting started with that. We've been two weeks now since we got it closed. And I think we've got about a month of prices above $50 WTI as well. So we're just getting started and our focus is on trying to drive that as low as we possibly can and the teams are up for it.
Ryan Lance: No, thanks. I think I'd say we haven't seen a downside yet. We're just -- we're happy to have Tim and Will and Jack on the team and helping us get jump started in terms of what we're doing in the Permian Basin and building out the best practices, as Matt talked about.  So we're quite excited about the upside and the opportunity and just continuing to drive that efficiencies, free cash flow generation, get our assets on the -- on the Concho learning curve, and continue to drive the value. And that's what this year of kind of sustaining level of capital, we're coming into the same level that we came in out of 2020. And that gives us the chance to get the team really focused on driving those efficiencies and getting more out for every precious capital dollar that we're spending.
Ryan Lance: And then to the latter part of your, into the latter part of your question. Jeanine, we're pretty committed to the 30% return of cash back to the shareholder that -- we're -- we believe that's the right model for this industry and we're committed to doing that.
Ryan Lance: Well I think you can do the math with these kinds of prices and calculate sort of the CFO that we generate and our commitment is to return 30%. So it's more similar to like, what we were doing before the transaction.
Ryan Lance: Yes, I can maybe give yes, we have an expectation to come back and talk about update you throughout the course of the year. And we kind of said, we come back in March, and certainly expect towards the latter part of the year, we need to come back to the market and describe our longer-term plans. We have thoughts and ideas around optimize plateau levels of spend for the assets, we do that at the company level and certainly do that at the asset level as well in the Lower 48 and across our portfolio, including the Willow asset and I can have Nick describe a little bit about what we're doing today on the Willow asset. But we'll give that update to you Phil, longer-term. But expect that there'll be some ramp-up to an optimized kind of levels, both at the company level and the asset level, the law that's dictated by the recovery in this market. We got to see just what happens and how quickly supply and demand gets rebalanced in this -- in the global markets. So we're watching that really closely. But understand that, there's going to be a ramp-up to some, some optimized level. And that's where we're busy trying to assess right now and understand after the Concho acquisition. Maybe I can have Nick, add a few comments on the Willow piece specifically.
Ryan Lance: So we're watching it closely, Phil, and if things move to the right because of this current administration, or somehow we get curveballs thrown at us, we have not taken FID yet. We've got a lot of flexibility around how fast we actually ramp-up at Willow and what our options are around that.
Ryan Lance: Yes, I can have Dominic; he is leading up the integration efforts around the two companies and describe some of those transaction costs and in relation to the synergies.
Ryan Lance: Yes, I'll start Alastair and maybe let Tim chime in. He's our President, Permian Expert that we're enjoying having on the team. But I think as we look at it, what drove our decision around the transaction early on is looking for the lowest cost of supply resources, we could find in the world today in the companies that owned it. And that's what drew us to Concho and the transaction that we announced back at the end of last year. So when we look at it, and we looked at the performance inside our own company, and now that we've gotten a look under the hood, deeper on the Concho side, we're pretty pleased with what we're seeing and continue to see efficiencies and free cash flow growth above and beyond that. And maybe ask, Tim, he can supply a little bit of color to that as well.
Ryan Lance: Yes, Roger, we've made a lot of portfolio changes. I know when since we formed the company in 2012. And I think now as we look across the entire portfolio, we're pretty pleased with the resource base that we have, the cost of supply of all the major assets that we have in the portfolio. With that said, when -- if they don't compete for capital, we've demonstrated our ability to move them out of the portfolio. And we'll do that if their cost of supply gets higher, and they don't compete for capital. But that's how we're really focused and feel like the portfolio today is in a really good shape. What we're investing in is a less than $40 cost despite, it averages below $30. So we feel very comfortable, we can deliver the returns of capital, returns on capital, even through the cycles in this business with the portfolio that we have. And part of that includes those LNG projects that you described. Now, we did divested one at the end of last year in Australia. And we did that because we were concerned about the cost of supply and the GHG footprint amongst a few other things. But we are -- we do like the LNG projects, we think we're -- we like the market in Asia, we like the growing need for gas around the whole world. We're interested in competing in Qatar for another train. We think it's -- that should be coming soon. It's been certainly delayed with COVID like everything else, but if it fits our investment profiles and our investment thoughts around cost of supply, we'd like to participate in that because it ultimately lowers capital intensity and really helps, we think the overall portfolio. So we're still quite interested in that particular project. And then, obviously, we still have one of the trains in Qatar, and we have our APLNG project that's performing very well right now on top of it as well.
Ryan Lance: Well, yes, Scott, I mean, we're watching the next 60 days really closely. And we've got to get back to probating rights and easements across public lands. And if that gets hung up or takes a lot of time, we'll have to, that's what we're watching very closely. We're already starting to see frankly a bit of loosening up of that, some permits getting approved. We said even during this moratorium wouldn't get approved. So that's what we're following pretty closely. And certainly we'll adjust our plans, if it turns out to be something other than temporary, which is what we're hearing from the Biden administration is that, it is to get their feet on the ground, understand the lay of the land, understand what was transferred to him from the prior administration, and understand how they're going to deal with those issues going forward. But we expect him to come back. We work very successfully with the Obama-Biden administration, on all these issues, and would expect to do it and take them at their word that this is temporary, and that we'll get back to business as usual, or at least something close to it after the 60 days.
Ryan Lance: Yes, so Scott, I think as Dominic described the $750 million of synergy that we’re talking about today does not include any commercial uplift to realize price benefits or supply chain enhancements or best practices that drive more capital efficiency. Those are yet to come. And we fully expect we're going to get significant uplift from those particular items as well. It's going to take us probably the better part of this year commercially, to understand all the different contracts you brought up two stream and three stream reporting. Ultimately, we'll go to three stream reporting for the combined assets, but it's going to take us some time to understand the restrictions and how quickly we can get there for the Concho assets. In fact, I think, Tim, was trying to get there as a company anyways. So they've ploughed a lot of ground in that regard. So it would just be a matter of getting to understand those contracts. But importantly, that's why, it's helpful to take a sustaining approach and just a stable approach to our execution this year, gives us the opportunity to really focus the teams on trying to drive those efficiencies and trying to drive those additional cost reductions, finding those opportunities on the supply chain and the commercial side of the business that are not included in the current estimate that we've provided to you. But hopefully update you again in March and provide you another look at where we stand and provide additional details as we go through the course of the year.
Ryan Lance: Well, thanks, Doug. I think our focus is just integrating these two great companies. And that's really the whole focus of the company right now. So I'd say we're not trying to be distracted on anything else other than driving the efficiencies, the cost reductions, free cash flow growth, and then applying all these best practices and learnings that we have across two great companies to the current company that we have. With that said, I don't think M&A is down in this business. I think you got to continue to drive down cost of supply; you want the best resource in the business. And you got to be the most sustainable company from an ESG perspective. And I think continuing to drive out costs in the business is going to be a good thing. So no, I don't think M&A is over. And, I think we've laid out our framework for how we think about that. But that's not on the radar screen right now, relative to our company, we're focused on, just driving the best results we can out of the transaction that we did with Concho.
Ryan Lance: Yes, I mean much the right; I’ll take your last one first and maybe let Tim talk a little bit about the federal land exposure that you talked about. What's the right level for the company? I think, that's something that we work on every day trying to understand, we know there's a ramp-up to an optimized plateau for the whole company, and for the each one of the individual assets, and that's informed by the market environment that we find ourselves in the long-term mid-cycle price. And what production comes out of that's an output. We're not trying to drive a certain amount of growth; I think to an earlier question that we had. We're trying to grow free cash flow. We're trying to make sure that we get as efficient as we can, drive as much free cash flow growth as we can. And we'll take what the macro gives us and that would set capital allocation, and then we'll make sure that we're developing the lowest cost supply resources for that capital and doing that across our global portfolio. I think we've demonstrated that capability and have been really committed to it since we started down the journey as a big E&P company. So maybe let me have Tim, talk a little bit about your first part, Doug, on the Federal land exposure.
Ryan Lance: Yes, Paul, I'd say there's a bit of recency effect with the Biden administration coming into path and putting all these executive orders. I'd caution everybody not to swing the pendulum too far, one side to the other. We know -- we've got a large position in North America, when you consider the Lower 48 Canada and Alaska, we recognize that but uncertainty around administrations in fiscal terms, and permitting and all that that really exists all around the whole world. We're kind of going through a little bit of that during the recency of this new administration. So I wouldn't get hung up. And we've really -- we've taken into consideration, but we're focused on just making sure we got the lowest supply resources, we're developing those. We do value diversification, as you've described. But we want to make sure it's diverse across our cost and supply mantra. So we're all about diversification. But it's got to be low cost supply. So we think about that globally. We think about it, when it comes down to allocate capital and certainly the company does have a large North American footprint, but we like it. And we've worked with prior administrations to get all our work done and we've permitted the activity, and we do it responsibly and sustainably. So we think we've got a good track record as a company. So I think that's where our focus and attention is at. Now on top of the exploration stuff, as Dominic said, we've reduced our allocation to kind of those new venture exploration opportunities from $300 million to $150 million. And that's where places that South America and other places around the world may not compete in the portfolio. So we'll be looking at trying to monetize those and potentially get out of them.
Ryan Lance: Yes, let me take your first one. No, we haven't split anything out Ryan in the Lower 48, so the $3.1 billion is being allocated the whole Lower 48 there'll be -- we’ll both provide more updates down the road as we go through the course of the year. I'll maybe ask Dominic, he is in-charge of exploration talk a little bit about, what's exciting about Norway? So yes, we did have some two pretty interesting and exciting discoveries there over the course of the last few months.
Ryan Lance: Well, I don't think. As you said, the macro is growing at best 1%. So I don't think you'd see our company trying to target a growth rate that's high single-digit as you talked about again, that's going to be an output from our plans. And it only occurs as we deliver at least 30% of our cash back to the shareholder. I'll remind people that we've well exceeded that over the last number of years. And we want to make sure we've got a stronger balance sheet as we can have as well. So I don't put really growth numbers on it. It's an output to our plans. And that's a function of the macro environment we find ourselves in and how much cash flow we think we're going to have and making sure that we're giving an appropriate amount return to the shareholder and that the balance sheet stands in a strong position. So it's triangulating around all those issues. And so I think it's foolhardy to put out growth kinds of estimates, because I don't think they stand the test of time, nor a volatile market environment that we find ourselves.
Ryan Lance: I think you just yes, look at our history. And, we value strengthening the balance sheet in the process as well. So I think about those two things.
Ryan Lance: No, I think we'll have more information in March, when we provide some more guidance items to the market. We know you need them. We know you need them to calibrate your models. So you should expect us be updating the synergies but those synergies are going to persist throughout the course of the year as we go into 2022. So we're going to be constantly kind of driving them, as much -- capturing as much of that as we possibly can. And we’ll continue to update the market in March in our quarterly calls. And then certainly have a more thorough market update probably towards the end of the year.
Dominic Macklon: Yes, Phil, the – obviously -- there's obviously severance costs here in terms of where we have duplicate labor and other savings. There is obviously fees and associated with that. But once we get through this year, and get through those costs, I think we're focused really on what our cost structure will look like. So maybe just to give a bit of an update on that, I want to be clear about that. The integration is going well. That's on the system side, the organization side. And we're -- we do have line of sight to exceed our targeted $500 million costs in capital savings we announced at the time of the transaction. So if you remember that $500 million was made up of $350 million of operating cost savings, and $150 million of capital reductions and those really came across three areas. The direct savings from the transaction, restructuring our corporate staff groups to better align with our new portfolio on the ConocoPhillips side. And then stopping our new ventures exploration program, that reduced our targeted exploration spend from $300 million to $150 million a year. And in fact, our 2021 capital program of $5.5 billion reflects a reduced exploration capital spend along those lines. Now, our expected operating cost savings have now increased from $350 million to $600 million. So our teams have really done an excellent job turning over every stone both in relation to the transaction, and restructuring our center. So in total, the operating costs and capital reductions will now amount to $750 million. So we're up from $500 million to $750 million and we're still counting. I think, as Matt mentioned, we still have the opportunity for costs and capital efficiencies across our D&C spend, supply chain economies of scale, and also improved price realizations on the commercial and marketing side. So we do expect that $750 million to increase through the year, and we'll be providing another update on that in March. Now finally, just to tie back to Ryan's prepared remarks, with the operating cost savings having increased to $600 million, together with the $400 million of sustainable cost reductions, each company made, both companies made together in 2020, we anticipate our 2022 operating costs to be around $6 billion. And that's $1 billion less than our pro forma costs in 2019. And that was really the last normal year pre-pandemic. So it represents the best baseline, that's all assuming production flat at about 1.5 million barrels a day. So at the end of the day, as we think about -- we get through these transition costs this year, we then get into a run rate of about $6 billion, it's those bottom line costs that matter at the end of the day. And that's what we're very focused on to make really the company, the strongest competitor in the business from two already very strong companies.
Dominic Macklon: Bob, it’s Dominic here. If I can just talk a little bit about the low-carbon team that Ryan mentioned, that sits in our technology organization, and their work is really in support of our Paris aligned climate risk strategy, as well as monitoring opportunities more generally with the energy transition for the company. But you mentioned the competencies, and that's something we have to stay very focused on as to the contribution that ConocoPhillips can make overall to the energy transition. And so, their primary focus that low-carbon team we have now is focusing on those opportunities most relevant to our core business and to our core competencies. So those are things like carbon capture, use and storage, carbon offsets, alternative power sources to further reduce the emissions intensity of our operations. And so now they're also working with the BUs, or business units very closely to implement the lowest cost opportunities, we have to reduce operational emissions more broadly. So that is where our primary focus is. We're looking more broadly as well and monitoring. But as you say, at the end of the day, we've got to achieve the three things that Ryan laid out. We have to provide affordable energy to the world; we have to generate returns on and off capital with the shareholders. So we have to be very -- continue to be very disciplined and thoughtful about our capital allocation. But we have to do all this sustainably through ESG excellence. So and I think the key thing here is that we're very committed to our Paris aligned climate risk strategy and the work they're doing is in support of that over the longer-term.
Dominic Macklon: Yes, Ryan, we actually had four successful exploration wells in Norway, over the last year-and-a-half, but most notably, the recent two significant discoveries Warka and Slagugle and I'm sure you know Slagugle was a Norwegian word for a type of owl. But anyway, the Warka discovery, both of these are near Heidrun. And so we would -- we're really pleased and excited about these. I think Warka -- well Warka is a gas condensate discovery, Northwest of Heidrun, prelim estimates of 50 to 190 million barrels equivalent. We’re the operator there. And then the Slagugle discovery is even near Heidrun. It’s oil and it's between 75 million and 200 million barrels, so we're really excited by that as well. And we're the operator there. So we would expect those being in the vicinity of existing infrastructure. We would expect those to be very low cost supplies, subsea tie backs is probably what we have in mind. But we have more appraisal work to do, this is a study here. Now, I might add, as well, we have just picked up a couple of new prospects, just near Warka and Slagugle in that area. So we're really pleased with the Norwegian exploration team and but at the end of the day, they'll have to compete in our portfolio and but we expect those will be quite competitive.
Tim Leach: Yes, just to follow-on by saying how pleased I am to be here and how well I think that Concho fits within this portfolio. But specifically to the Permian Basin, we were operating a really efficient program coming into this deal; Conoco was also operating very efficiently. And as I was reminded recently, the program we're executing right now is generating the best economics that we had seen during most of my career. So it's pretty exciting to have the inventory that we have, and have the opportunity then to go in and make that better and making it better makes it more capital efficient, which will greatly expand the free cash flow and drive down the cost of already low cost of supply area. So we really see opportunity to really enhance the economics of what we're doing together. So that's -- that's the exciting part of going forward.
Tim Leach: Yes. Certainly I think we saw declining capital costs, but then also enhanced efficiencies from better designed wells, better designed spacing across the board. So yes, I do think the cost of supply came down dramatically in 2020.
Tim Leach: Yes, thanks, Doug. To reinforce something that Ryan said, it's really great to have such strong assets in the Lower 48 with Eagle Ford and Bakken and Permian and then even the Montney in Canada. So we've got some of the best assets, unconventional assets in the business. And they're all in different places on this optimized plateau model, and from very early time to ones that are more fully mature. So as we go through time, that's part of the evaluation is allocating more capital to bring those assets up the plateau model. And that's really what we're working on now. On the -- just as a reminder to something you already know, on the Federal lease side. We said short-term that what's going on with the Federal leases really doesn't affect greatly any of our plans in the short-term. We can still deliver on everything that we've said, we're going to do. And as a reminder, we've got several decades of non-federal, high quality drilling locations throughout the portfolio. So it's really a great opportunity to be disciplined capital allocators.
