Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Christine, and welcome to all of our call participants this morning. Today's presenters will be Don Wallette, our EVP of Finance, Commercial and our Chief Financial Officer and Al Hirshberg, our EVP of Production, Drilling and Projects. Our cautionary statement is shown on page two of today's presentation deck. We will make some forward-looking statements during today's call that refer to estimates and plans. Actual results could differ due to the factors noted on this slide and also described in our periodic SEC filings. We will also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures in today's call. The purpose of these is to help facilitate comparisons across periods and between peers. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the nearest corresponding GAAP measure can be found in this morning's press release and again on our website. Finally, this morning, we're going to limit during Q&A your questions to one and a follow up. And with that, I'm going to turn the meeting over to Don.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Blake, there's a chart in the appendix if you haven't seen it that takes you from midpoint to midpoint on a same-store sales basis.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Michael, and Christine, thank you very much. If you would close this out. We look forward to seeing everybody in a couple weeks. Thanks for your time today.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Don. I'll provide a brief overview of our third quarter operating highlights and our outlook for the rest of the year, including our updated capital guidance. Operationally, we had another strong quarter, despite some tough weather challenges here in Texas. As Don mentioned, production excluding Libya averaged 1.2 million barrels per day. Despite a 15,000 barrel per day reduction in the quarter due to Hurricane Harvey, better performance from our global portfolio allowed us to offset this loss and still exceed the midpoint of guidance by 12,000 barrels per day. Year on year, this represents an increase in underlying production of 1.4%. During the quarter, we ran 12 operated rigs in the Lower 48 Big Three unconventional assets, six in the Eagle Ford, four in the Bakken and two in the Delaware Basin. Our Big Three unconventional production was 211,000 barrels per day with 123,000 per day from Eagle Ford, 66,000 per day from the Bakken and 22,000 per day from the Delaware. This was about flat to the second quarter of 2017 but included the impact of Hurricane Harvey. Excluding this impact, production from the Big Three unconventionals would have been about 6% higher sequentially. In Canada, Surmont achieved a record daily production of 141,000 barrels a day gross during the quarter. The project continues to ramp up toward full capacity. In Australia, APLNG ran at 110% of nameplate and demonstrated 98% uptime. We've shipped 92 cargos through the end of the third quarter. In Alaska and Europe, we safely executed significant turnaround activities which now completes our major turnarounds for 2017. And finally, across the portfolio, we're making great progress on our conventional projects. In Alaska, we spud the first wells at 1H NEWS with first oil expected before year-end. Meanwhile, GMT1 is still on track for first oil by the end of 2018 with costs running well under budget. The Aasta Hansteen topsides left port in South Korea headed for Norway and this project is also on track for first production by late 2018. Work also continues on Clair Ridge and Bohai phase 3, both of which are on track for first production in 2018. Now, moving on to slide 10, I'll provide an update on our 2017 outlook. We're lowering our full year 2017 capital guidance for the second time this year. We now expect to spend $4.5 billion. We continue to do more for less. The updated capital guidance represents a 10% reduction from our original budget. Despite this CapEx reduction, we expect to exceed our original production guidance. This year, we now expect to deliver 3% underlying production growth, and that's 17% on a debt-adjusted share basis. On the left side of the slide, we list key fourth quarter and full year guidance metrics. Below the capital, you can see our fourth quarter production guidance is 1.195 million to 1.235 million barrels per day, and we've tightened the previous full year production range to between 1.350 million and 1.360 million barrels per day. Our remaining drivers are tracking closely with our guidance. So that's a quick recap of the quarter. As Don said, business is running well. We continue to look forward to providing an update of our future plans at our analyst and investor meeting on November 8. So I'll turn the call over now to Q&A.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well that, Doug, that almost sounds like you've written the title of one of our slides for the week after next for our Analyst Meeting, so I think you've teed it up perfectly. And we're going answer it then, as you predicted.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes. So that's an active area of discussion in the joint venture right now, Paul. And we of course want to make sure we maintain enough cash build going into next year to cover loan payments as they schedule out next year. But even with that, at these kind of prices, you're absolutely right that we're building excess cash and we'll be in a discussion about distribution timing. But no decision has been taken on that yet at this point.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, that latter question we'll cover in two weeks. But it was $1.1 billion this past quarter, and we're forecasting between $1.3 billion and $1.4 billion in the fourth quarter to get to that $4.5 billion number. And the key drivers to that increase, we have been on a fairly steady increase through the year in the Lower 48 on overall activity, and so there is still some more build in actual CapEx spend, and that's 3Q to 4Q in the Lower 48. And that's actually exacerbated a little bit by the Harvey effect, because there was some money that didn't get spent in the third quarter due to Harvey and just some work that you weren't doing because we were down for that for a period of time. But we also have increases quarter to quarter in Bohai Bay as that phase 3 project, as that continues to ramp. We expect that spending to be up. And also, our drilling programs in Alaska and Europe are both going to be up, we expect third quarter to fourth quarter. And so those are the key pieces.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes. I think, Phil, we really accomplished this – I mean, you're right that we have done better than we expected, the plan we laid out for ourselves at this time last year as we were looking into 2017, and we've continued to do a really good job of driving efficiency. That's been a key part of our capital discipline. It's allowed us to lower our capital costs. We've been successful at resisting inflation to a large extent in the Lower 48, and our production performance has really come out on the high side in a number of different places, and those things have kind of added together to give that outperformance. And as I look at it, I made some comments on the last quarterly call that as I travel around and see this outperformance and try to really understand what's driving it, as I said last quarter, I think in our organization, operationally as we've reduced the amount of money that we were spending on big projects, the growth money, the $17 billion we used to spend in this company back in 2014, our organization has been able to spend a lot more focus on the base. And our base production is really a big part of what's been outperforming, and I do expect that to continue. So without front running our story in two weeks, I think you can expect that we'll show you our latest calculations on that. But this is not a one-trick deal this year. It's going to continue, I think.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Sure. Let me talk a little more about that. I mean at a high level, it is, as I was talking about a minute ago, just reflecting our continued capital discipline, but there is this resisting inflation part. I think since a little over a quarter ago when the industry in the Lower 48 had a bit of the tapping on the brakes that people have talked about, that has really halted Lower 48 inflation in its tracks for the most part. And so, some of our assumed inflation that we thought we would see earlier in the year in the second half, we aren't seeing. And that little bit of slowdown and reduction in rigs that we've seen and slowdown in activity has been enough to give us an absence of inflation that we had been assuming. But we also are continuing to see increases in efficiency across the Lower 48 and across the world. We've also had, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, GMT1, one of our major projects that we have going in Alaska, has continued to really perform well on the project side and is under-spending relative to the budget, and so that's a savings. And then you mentioned Harvey. There is a little bit of Harvey delay where there's some work that we weren't doing or paying for during the time we were down for Harvey that is a little tiny piece of this reduction.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: That's right. And I should also – there's one other thing is there's we've also seen some reduction on the operated by others side. So a little less AFEs coming in from some of our partners where they're operating than we would have forecast, as they've slowed down a bit from what the plans we were expecting from them.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well of course, we'll cover 2018 the week after next, but I mean, I think that certainly I can without terribly front running things say that you can expect to see from us for the Lower 48 for 2018 a very disciplined program. You're not going see anything crazy in two weeks. And you're going to see the same general kind of activity levels and we may have rigs of opportunity that we add or subtract here and there as we have certain situations, but I think we're at a pretty comfortable rig level at that kind of number that you mentioned.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, we have this pipeline of projects in Alaska, a lot of good news there on things that have been going well, everything from CD5 to GMT1 to 1H NEWS that are all going well. Just take CD5 for an example for a moment. When we took FID on CD5, we were projecting plateau volumes of 16,000 barrels a day gross and we're now at 26,000 barrels a day. So projects like that have allowed us to continue to extend maintaining our production and we've already said that we plan to drill five exploration wells in Alaska this winter. In addition to that, three of those wells by the way are appraisal wells for Willow and two that are new wildcats along the lines of what you were hinting at there, that some of the other opportunities out to the west. And we also have submitted permits for new seismic on those state leases that we picked up late last year. Remember, we picked up about 740,000 acres gross in December of last year and so we're starting to plan our seismic work around that. And so we see additional opportunity out to the west, but also have a nice pipeline of projects that we're working on today. And we hope to get GMT2 over the line to FID next.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: And I guess on the CapEx, obviously we'll be talking about the forward CapEx here in a couple of weeks. Don't forget that we have been ramping through 2017 in our Lower 48 rig program and from the low levels we were at last year. And so that spending has been increasing quarter over quarter to get to the kind of levels that we're at today.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes, we've talked about that on the last few calls where the government has been working on considering export restrictions and using this basis of making sure everybody is a net dom gas contributor, particularly out in the east. And the decision they've taken recently that you would have seen in the press is they've decided not to restrict exports in 2018. And what facilitated that decision by the government is that the three Curtis Island operators in Queensland that all have these similar coal seam projects have agreed that we will offer to the domestic market any spot cargos that we have planned next year, we'll offer that gas to the domestic market at an equivalent net-back price before we go to spot LNG sales. And so for us, from an economic standpoint of course, that's we're indifferent to things that bring us the same net back. There's been some noise in the press about LNG operators selling spot cargos at net backs that are less than domestic prices. And obviously, you know us well enough to know we wouldn't do that. We're not in the business of selling our gas for less than whatever the best is in the marketplace. But we have also seen just here today in the press, where we announced our latest domestic gas sales, so this is an example of where we had some gas that could've gone spot and 21 petajoules of gas that we've just agreed to sell into the domestic market that would've gone to spot LNG, because we were able to sort of achieve those net-back objectives. So with that sale being added on, we now are north of 180 petajoules of domestic gas that APLNG will be selling into the market next year. So in 2017, APLNG is supplying about 20% of the dom gas market in eastern Australia. And next year, with this latest sale, we'll be just shy. We're already just with what we've done so far almost up to 30%.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, I mean it's reasonably straightforward. You know what all the pieces are. The piece some people sometimes miss when they just look at sales prices is there are significant transportation costs in Australia to get from the tailgate of our – to get from where we're producing the gas to the market to our individual customers. There's significant transportation distribution costs, so that's a big. And of course, you have the same thing on LNG, where you're paying to liquefy and to ship. And so it's just getting to the equivalent net back for us all the way back to the wellhead is the way we think about it.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes. Hey, Blake. The international deflationary trend has begun to flatten out as we've gone through the year. We're not seeing as strong a deflation percentages in the third quarter as we were say in the first half, so there's a little bit of an offset. At the same time, as I said, it's flattened out in the U.S., so those two are offsetting each other a bit. We still expect as a corporation to be net deflationary in 2017 versus what we saw in 2016. And internationally, we are still seeing deflation on subsea equipment, seismic costs, offshore rigs, support vessels, even software. Software is another area where we continue to see some deflation this year. And in the U.S., as I said a minute ago, with the industry slowing down a bit, we've seen a flattening. We actually, on some of our contracts in the U.S., even seen downticks versus where we were earlier in the year.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes. And so I think when you look at those numbers and compare the underlying, after you adjust for asset sales, and look at kind of midpoint of our 4Q number, you'll see about 4% growth versus the fourth quarter of last year. So year over year, fourth quarter 2016 to fourth quarter 2017, you should get about a 4% number.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay. Yeah, Libya is an interesting case because if you look back to last year, we averaged 2,000 barrels a day for the year from Libya, and we just did 24,000 in the third quarter. And we're currently north of 30,000 if you look at sort of what our current production rate is. That's all on a net basis. So it's over 200,000 on a gross basis, current production. We lifted three cargos from Libya in the third quarter, so that's 10 that we lifted in the first three quarters of the year and in fact, we're lifting another one here just recently, so we're up to 11. We've got six workover rigs active in Libya that's helping drive some of this production increase. So it's getting to be a more significant number, I guess, particularly year-over-year in our bottom-line production.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes. I mean, we're seeing the same numbers you are of watching things tighten. And also, it's not hard to predict, with the rollover in U.S. rigs, that that's going to give a different U.S. production profile than I think people were expecting a quarter ago that's also going to tighten things up. But there's also such large wildcards with things like the Libya that we were just talking about, the latest things going on in Kurdistan, et cetera, et cetera. It is a long list of things you can name there. So for us, you'll see at our Analyst Day here in a few weeks that we're just very focused on not counting on anything good happening for us there on prices. But really keeping our company structure, keeping things tight and disciplined to where we continue to give the results you've seen out of us in the last four or five quarters where we can get good financial results at prices below where we are right now.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well I mean, I think the kind of breakevens we've been talking about are based on the performance that we have been achieving for a while now. So the 110% performance is not news, and so that's baked into our numbers, really.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, no, I wouldn't say that. I'd hate to leave that impression. But we actually have a lot of work going on to continue to drive down our operating costs and our sustaining capital costs on the upstream side of the project. And so we and the joint venture have significant plans to continue to improve it. I was really just trying to comment on what you asked about, the extra 10% throughput. That's something we've been doing for a while now, and is built into our plans. It's one of the things that pushes you. It does push your breakeven down some, but you shouldn't expect a dramatic change just from that effect.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes, so on OpEx side, let me just mention some of the numbers. Our third quarter OpEx number that we just published this morning is down 15%, on the adjusted OpEx that we focus on, down 15% versus the same quarter in 2016. And obviously there is asset sales that are built into that. If you look at the same store sales basis and take out all the asset sales confusion from that, basically we're right on our original budget guidance, but we're doing that with a couple percent higher volume, so our budget was originally based on a midpoint 1% volume increase. It's that 0% to 2% range, midpoint 1% and we're accomplishing 3%. And so basically we've been able to eat all the extra OpEx, transportation, et cetera that comes with those extra barrels and still meet our guidance. So as I look forward into what we're doing there, we're certainly not done on our OpEx work in the corporation. We have a lot of focus on it around the world, and I expect that we will continue to see additional improvement there. From the inflation side, the story is pretty similar to what I was talking about on CapEx, that it's a little bit to the benefit to us in 2017 versus 2016 so far.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes, so obviously I can't comment on any of the details of the other operator's results, but clearly it doesn't apply to us. We've been very deliberate in our development plans there in the Eagle Ford. We're very tailored to the specific reservoir characteristics, the different areas. You know that we're right in the sweet spot. We've got a lot of running room. You remember that map that we showed at last year's Analyst Day, Ellen tells me it's page 48 of last year's deck that showed -
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, showed how much running room we have there. So we really have no concerns or anything like that. Our Eagle Ford continues to make us proud and outperform and even took a beating from hurricane Harvey and came back pretty quickly right back up to full production.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Sure. On Surmont, we'll be fully ramped basically end of the year or early next year, we'll be at our full rate. So we're right toward the end of that. Malikai, we are still ramping and won't hit the plateau there until next year, in 2018. And KBB has been kind of an odd story, because we've had gas availability from our side for a long time, for several years and have been limited by non-owned third party infrastructure that has had some pretty significant maintenance issues, and which have slowly been getting lined down. And so we are seeing higher volumes from KBB in recent weeks actually, and expect it to be part of what allows us to grow volumes a bit into the fourth quarter as we've been basically allocated a higher rate from KBB into MLNG. And so I think that year-over-year, we'll see higher rates again in 2018 versus 2017 for KBB because of that effect.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes, there's a lot of moving parts there, to answer that question. And so we are going to have a segment in two weeks at the Analyst Meeting where we give you some fairly detailed plots and charts that show you how all those pieces add up from both a capital perspective and a production volume perspective. So I think that's probably the best way to answer that, is to point to those charts.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: I can add to that, in fact, our customers have taken that downward quantity tolerance for 2018, and that's what's made these spot cargos available in 2018 that we've been in this discussion with the government about, about making those available as domestic gas.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes, if you go back, we were in the 40,000 to 50,000 range net, back when if you can ever define normal there again, that's the kind of rate we were at.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, so I mean it's down to a pretty low level. Not sure I've got a number handy, but it's with the point that we've gotten to now, and particularly with some of the technology work we've been doing to improve things, the need to spend CapEx on a sustaining is down to a pretty low level. We're going to show you at our Analyst Meeting in a couple weeks some other kind of margin improvement projects that we have planned there that are low dollar, but we'll show you kind of how that adds up. So there is still some work to be done there at Surmont given current market conditions on the diluent side, et cetera., to allow us to improve our margins there, and we'll talk about that a little bit in a couple weeks.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: No. I'm not expecting any big lumps, like a dry hole expense or any of those kind of things in the fourth quarter. I can't think of any lumpy one-off type stuff.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: Yes, Doug, this is Don. I can comment a little bit on that. When you look at our U.S. production in total, we're pretty heavily weighted towards the Brent side and not so much exposed to WTI, and a large part of that is because our Alaska North Slope, which is the largest portion of our U.S. really trades similar to Brent. Probably what's not recognized well enough is our Eagle Ford production that you alluded to, about half of that production is marketed on an LLS component basis and as you know, LLS and Brent have had a pretty strong relationship. So we're not seeing the same impacts of the widening differentials that you might expect there. I do expect going forward that those relationships, they have maintained in the past, so I don't see why they would break down in the future. As far as exports themselves, we've been pretty active in the export, I'd say, in the first and second quarters this year and going back to last year, but we're seeing demand pretty strong domestically now. And so I think in the third quarter, I don't believe we had any waterborne cargos going outside the country. We did have some going inland or within the country. But we're seeing markets improve here in the U.S., and as I mentioned, we're pretty exposed to Brent relative to WTI.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: Well, I think 100% would be an awful lot. I don't know what dynamic would have to cause that. Today, and in the third quarter, we didn't see the advantage, the arbitrage advantage in exporting relative to the strength that we were seeing domestically. I think there will be times when you see – I mean, if you go back last year, we had a good bit going outside the country, and, but 100% is probably something that we wouldn't be expecting.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: Well, we do have, I mean you're right, Paul, we do have cash that's building up in APLNG as we've said before, the cash, the net cash flow breakeven there in fact is somewhere in the $45 to $50 Brent range. And so, yeah, we have been building cash within the joint venture. And if prices stay where they are for the rest of the year, it's quite possible that we could see a fourth quarter distribution from APLNG, and then we would expect that to correspond to prices next year as well.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: No. Right, Phil. Yeah, we'll be laying all that out here in a couple weeks for you, but absolutely no backtracking from any of those commitments. So you'll see that again here in a few weeks.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: Sure, Scott, a little bit at least. The standstill, as you mentioned, that's coming up pretty soon. It expires November 17, so we'll be free to market the equity any time after that. The market value right now is right around $2 billion, I believe. This equity was really transactional currency, as you know. So we're not natural long-term owners, not strategic owners, so we'll be reducing our position over time. I think you should expect that given our financial position, we'll be patient. We can afford to be patient, and so our approach is going to be value driven.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: I'll address the pension question that you had. I think you should view this as a unique opportunity that we had to make a fairly substantial discretionary contribution to the pension fund. You see a lot of companies doing that these days for a variety of reasons. I explained our reasons, but to answer your question, our plan doesn't include significant contributions going forward next few years.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: Yes, Jason. So I think what we're looking, the way we looked at it is, is that this was a really good way to put a portion of our large cash balance to work. So essentially what we're doing is moving cash from short-term low return investments on the balance sheet to the pension fund that can invest in much longer-term higher-yield type return in investments, and so it's an arbitrage there. We compared it to incrementally to reducing the next best bond retirement opportunity that we had, and it had advantaged economics with respect to that. And then your other question was around the level of funding of the plan, I believe. So with this contribution, and this was to the U.S. qualified plan, it would bring our funding level up to right around 85%. And that will be, if I remember correctly, that will be about the highest level of funding that we've had since before the spin of the company in 2012. The liability for that U.S. pension fund would be down from a little over $1 billion, I believe $1.1 billion before this contribution to bring it down to about $0.5 billion.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: Well, this is Don. From APLNG, 100% of the gas from APLNG that's not dedicated to the domestic market is contracted under long-term contracts to customers in China and Japan. Now those customers have a right to reduce their obligation by up to 10% in any particular year, and so that can make as much as 10% of the capacity available for the spot market.
Jason Gammel: Thanks very much. If I could just maybe follow up on the pension contribution. Don, can you talk about what made that discretionary payment more attractive than, let's say, accelerating some further debt repayment and maybe also address the level of funding relative to the obligation.
Jason Gammel: Great. Very clear. And I almost hesitate to ask this follow-up question, given that I'm sure we'll hear a lot about your premium Eagle Ford position in a couple of weeks, but another operator did take a pretty big writedown in the Eagle Ford today and talked about how they had significantly down spaced further than what their acreage would actually produce at optimally. So I was hoping maybe you could just address it at a very high level what distinguishes your position from some of the other operators there.
Jason Gammel: Yes. I appreciate that. I think it's just useful to distinguish you from some of the other operators. Appreciate that.
