Clayton Reasor: Thank you. Well, good morning, and welcome to ConocoPhillips Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate your interest in the company.  I'm joined today by Jeff Sheets, Senior Vice President of Finance and our CFO. This morning, we'll provide a summary of our key financial and operating results for the third quarter, as well as our outlook for the remainder of 2011. You can find our presentation material in the Investor Relations section of the ConocoPhillips website. But before we get started, I'd like you to take a look at the Safe Harbor statement that we have on the next slide. It's a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during this presentation and during the Q&A. Actual results may differ materially from what's presented today, and factors that could cause those actual results to change are included in this slide, as well as in our filings with the SEC.  So with that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff Sheets to take you through our prepared remarks and presentation.
Clayton Reasor: Okay, Jeff, thanks a lot. In the remaining time of the call, we'd like to give all those interested an opportunity to ask questions. Our second quarter call, we ended up with some analysts that weren't able to get in. So we'd ask those that -- we request those that are asking questions, if you could limit to one question with one follow-up, and then re-up the second time around, we'd like to give everybody the opportunity to ask a question if they'd like to chime in.  So, Kim, I'll turn it over to you now to open the line.
Clayton Reasor: Yes. So if you just looked at the Eagle Ford, Bakken and Permian, in the third quarter, we're around 100,000 a day in those 3 areas. We expect to be around 250,000 a day some time in 2013.
Clayton Reasor: Yes. I think there was a new trucking facility that was built in Eagle Ford and a couple at Bakken, but they really didn't move the needle that much in terms of increasing capacity, only maybe 1 or 2 a day. We have talked about building pipeline gathering system, kind of a trunkline to get us to a liquid trading point out of Eagle Ford. We think that's done, is it the middle of next year? But we've got a lag of 10,000 to 15,000 a day of Eagle Ford that we can't get out just because of constraints. And really, that will continue until more infrastructure is built up in the area. So I guess it's a good problem to have, to be producing more and these wells to be more productive than what we thought they were, and we are investing in additional infrastructure in that area.
Clayton Reasor: Well, let's see. You're talking about inventory of wells in -- I don't think the backlog is on completion of the wells or frac-ing, John. I think it's hooking the wells up.
Clayton Reasor: So actually, we have 3 dedicated completion crews at Eagle Ford. And that's more than enough to satisfy the 15 rigs that are running. It's to condensate trucking is the specific constraint.
Clayton Reasor: Yes, and we've built a little bit of that into capital program. Part of the increase from the $13 billion to $15 billion in 2012 E&P capital is due to foreign exchange impact, both in Canada and Australia. So there is part of that that's already embedded in our capital program.
Clayton Reasor: Yes. We've talked about pipelines and we've talked about terminals. We've also talked about reducing our refining capacity down to around 2 million barrels a day. So that would imply that -- we're at 2.2 million barrels right now. So that would imply that there are possibly some refinery sales in that number.
Clayton Reasor: Let's see. We've got -- well, by year end, we're saying we're going to have over 150 wells drilled. I don't have -- and I'm sorry, Mark, what were the other details you were looking for? I need to...
Clayton Reasor: The only thing we've got out there so far, and I would imagine we're going to provide more detail as we get more experience with the field, but the average 30-day well rate is still running around 1,400 BOE. We've got -- we've initiated pad drilling. We've got some details on the -- let's say more of an E&P type of approach to Eagle Ford that we could probably run you through, but I don't have EURs or decline rates on Eagle Ford for you.
Clayton Reasor: Why don't I take the Eagle Ford one. We haven't been real specific on well cost. I mean, these things are -- I can give you some data around -- well depth is somewhere between 16,000 and 19,000 feet. We're running 3,500 to 5,800 laterals. And on average, about 15 stage fracs. I think well cost that I've seen, drilling and completion are probably in the $6 million to $8 million per well range.
Clayton Reasor: Let's see. I don't have that on Bakken, Paul, so that will be something we'll need to disclose later.
Clayton Reasor: Well, that's not IP. That's average 30-day rate. So IPs are actually higher than that. Average 30-day rate...
Clayton Reasor: Yes. Average 30-day rate at the Bakken is around 950 barrels a day. We're running 6 rigs. We expect to have 7 by the end of this year and close to 90% black oil. Production in the third quarter is around 20 a day.
Clayton Reasor: Yes, they're a big customer. It's a part of the market that's growing. We want to be operating and selling LNG to China for the next 40 years.
Clayton Reasor: Yes, what happens there, Faisel, so you have a significant increase in clean product yield as we convert a lot of asphalt that used to come out of Wood River into clean products. So clean product yield increased to 83% from 78%. Gross crude capacity change or increases to around 365,000 barrels a day. You've got 80,000 barrel a day of coking capacity, and you have increased clean product production of about 50,000 barrels a day with 20,000 of that being diesel and 30,000 of it being gasoline. So it's a -- it really helps you on both sides. You can't run more Canadian crude because you've increased coking capacity, but there's also a big uplift in clean product yield as we reduce the bottoms and produce more gasoline and more diesel fuel.
Clayton Reasor: And we really don't expect any impact from that timing difference between the underlying paper position and the physical to occur in the fourth quarter.
Clayton Reasor: Great. Well, thank you, all, for your interest and participation in the call. You can find the material and a replay of this call on our website later today. I look forward to talking with you in the future. Thank you.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: As we mentioned, we added around 400,000 acres so far this year, and that isn't -- it's not just Canada, it's a mix of Canada and the Lower 48. We have a substantial acreage position already and, of course, we'd like to continue to add to that longer term, but we need to do it at prices which make sense. So we are out there trying to develop acreage positions in areas that are still rather prospective in nature, where the costs are more reasonable. And we're going to be as aggressive at that as we can be, but always with our eye on what kind of returns do we think we can get out of these plays. So you're not likely to see us be competing in areas where acreage costs have already come up to very high levels.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Well, it's not going to happen near term. As we think about the fourth quarter, we are probably going to be at the same kind of levels that we've talked about, our current rates are at. It's going to be an extended period of time as we get production back in the field. We need to develop this operating plan and work with the authorities to get that plan approved, and we can't give you a real precise timetable on when that's going to occur.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: We haven't given any guidance on timing on share repurchase. I think you're correct, though, in that, that we've said that the asset sales program of $5 billion to $10 billion is primarily what would be used to fund the share repurchase program of $5 billion to $10 billion. So depending upon exactly how our asset sales program is developed, that could impact our timing on share repurchases. But other than that general guidance, there's nothing more specific we can give you right at this time.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Again, kind of following up on the comments on the previous questions, the asset sales program is primarily what will fund the timing of the share repurchases. If you look at what comprises our asset sales program, it's a mix of Upstream and Downstream assets, but it's dominated, in terms of value, by Upstream assets. So as you think about share repurchase program to the extent share repurchases aren't done and asset sales aren't completed prior to the spin and they're completed after the spin, then the proceeds are most likely going -- more of it is going into the Upstream part of the company, which would be available to fund share repurchases in the Upstream part of the company.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Right, well, in -- I mean, it -- just asset disposals are a big part of it. But, of course, we're always looking at the balance of cash flow and capital and what other investment opportunities are. So there could be buyback programs in both the Upstream and the Downstream company, just depending upon how all those different factors are mixing in.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, the $8 billion is completed with cash received. We are working on a lot of different potential asset sales which have different timing of when they are likely to close. As we look at the list of things we're doing, we can see that $1 billion to $2 billion of those will close either in the fourth quarter of this year or the first quarter of next year. And when we say close or closed, we mean close and fund. And then, like we've said previously, we've talked about the general categories of asset sales. But other than that, we're -- it's just not in our interest to really be a lot more specific about exactly which asset sales we are pursuing.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. In the third quarter, we've -- the drivers are Gutter and the Lower 48, the liquid shift there. Though in the third quarter, we lost a little bit of ground with the unplanned -- with both the planned and the unplanned downtime because the downtime was in areas like Norway, the U.K., Alaska, Indonesia, all of which are relatively high, higher than -- average or higher-than-average margins. So that production will come back on in the fourth quarter as we don't anticipate that same kind of levels. And then we continue, as we talked about earlier, to ramp up production in the liquids-rich areas in the Lower 48, and we continue to have declines in some of the lower-margin areas, particularly in North America natural gas.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No. I think both of those are things that are talked about and are in this general category of looking around our portfolio in places where we have maybe not long-term strategic good opportunities, and our potential is being part of our sales program. But other than that, we don't really want to provide a lot of color on the process for asset sales.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, I think that's right, Arjun, and particularly in the Eagle Ford. And so we've said on the Eagle Ford that we were around 35,000 a day in the third quarter -- the actual rate in the third quarter. And with -- when we're still dealing with production constraints and probably will be from now through 2013, we think we're going to get to 100,000 barrels a day in Eagle Ford in 2013. And as we bring on the field, it's just fairly constant increase between current production levels and about 100,000-barrel-a-day level in the Eagle Ford. We're also starting to ramp up some activities in the Bakken as well.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. I think we can go with the same guidance we had previously. It depends very much on what the composition of that -- the asset sales are, of course. But it's in the range of 50,000 to 100,000 BOE per day.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, that's certainly one of the major factors we're dealing with, with APLNG. And to the extent we can, we're trying to do as much of the project outside of Australia, not just because of the Aussie dollar impacts but just because of the general condition with labor there and the fact there's quite a bit of activity in a fairly concentrated area there. So we're moving things and trying to build as much modularize as we can, moving things, like I say, out of Australia. We have seen -- if you look over the last several years, of course, the Aussie dollar has strengthened considerably against the U.S. dollar. If you just look more recently, the U.S. dollar's gained a little bit of that back. But that is one of the major impacts that we'll be watching as we move forward with the construction on the APLNG project.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Perhaps towards the end of that window. We're looking at various assets around our portfolio and have processes going on. But as -- as much like with the Upstream asset sales, we would prefer to talk about those when they get closer to being actualized.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So we had a 150-well program for the year, and we've been progressing that on through the year. I don't have the exact well count, but we're here in nearly November now, so we're obviously a long ways through that program. But, yes, I don't have the exact number of wells completed and wells waiting to be completed.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: We haven't disclosed the number on Wilhelmshaven. It was not a significant number in our overall asset sales program. The Trainer Refinery was not producing net income. It was depending upon the exact refining margin of the time. The cash generation was also not very strong. We were at a point where we were having to decide about the timing on turnaround cost and future capital expenditures, which had a lot to do with the timing of the decision to shut it down in October.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: And then, Paul, in your questions on Bohai. Bohai is oil production, so it is a -- the cash margins on Bohai, we don't comment on precise cash margins at a field level, but you're in the right direction. We are -- we can't say, obviously, it's oil production, so it's in the better half of our margin production. As far as the timing of when production is going to resume at Bohai, we don't really have a comment on that. I think we don't expect it to be -- it's going to resume in the fourth quarter or early in 2012. But we're going to -- got to continue to work with the authorities on the new development plan. And as we know more, we'll update more on that.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: We've just begun that process now. We start by getting some people in there to assess the overall security situation and get our comfort with being able to put people back into Libya. We're really in that process now. We don't have any update yet on the condition of the field and, therefore, really couldn't give a good answer as to timing on when we would expect things to come back.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. Of the $2 billion step-up, because if you think about what we've said previously, had guided more towards a $13 billion number for 2012 for Upstream. About half of that is dedicated to the Lower 48.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, I'm not -- I don't have that answer off the top of my head, and I'm not sure if those rules are just strictly based on being -- the business lines that you're in or if there's some size requirements in there as well. I don't have that answer.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. There's not a lot we can say about that because it's just so early in the play. So we've drilled 4 wells, 2 verticals and 2 horizontals, and we've tested one. And I'd say the results, we thought, were pretty well, within what we expected from that. And we'll need to test the second one, but that's really just going to be the beginning of trying to evaluate that field. So the results are encouraging. It looks like we'll want to continue to go ahead and build this out and acquire more information. But it's just too early for us to really give you much guidance as to whether we think these are good results or bad results. They're encouraging results that encourage us to go further.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: If you look at our portfolio, we've got a lot of good opportunities to invest within our existing portfolio and where we're going to spend our capital in the next 3 years to 5 years is pretty well defined already. But we're always on the -- be on the lookout for new opportunities. But the opportunities that we are going to be most interested in are things that help build out our longer-term portfolio, so things in 2016 and beyond, perhaps that kind of time frame. So as we think about things that we might acquire, it's still going to be focused on like we have been discussing on adding to our resource acreage base, adding to our exploration acreage and those type of opportunities as opposed to anything that is more focused on near-term capital.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So the Seaway crude pipeline, which we own 50% of, and Enterprise owns 50% of, we've talked in early September that we would be open to selling our interest in that pipeline. Enterprise operates the pipeline. We are having some initial discussions with them about the sales process, and we're working to design and lay out the rest of the sales process. That will happen over the next -- over the coming months. There's nothing really new to report on that process other than that we're actively in the marketing process now for the pipeline.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. I think you can expect to hear more from us about rounding out the management teams before the end of the year.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No, we've operated in China for quite a while and hope to continue to operate in China for a long time going forward, and we'll be -- still remain very interested in additional opportunities in China. So the short answer is no, it hasn't really changed our thought about continuing to make investments there.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, so -- I think there's a breakdown of that on the slides that we've provided. And it's also in the supplemental information. But you're correct, it's mostly in the domestic portfolio.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Well mid-Continent obviously was a very strong -- I don't think we are going to give percentages, but maybe just qualitative comments. Of course, the Mid-Con was a very strong area, substantial feedstock advantage there for refineries that can -- process WTI and WCS given the current state of the market, with the WGI brand differentials. The Gulf Coast and the West Coast markets were also reasonably strong in the third quarter. And the East Coast markets continue to struggle. So the most profitable areas were the refineries we had in the Mid-Con area. I don't have an exact percentage of how much of our earnings came from those refineries.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No. We're in the process of starting it up. So construction is mostly complete. And we're in the -- you start up the project in phases, and you start up different units as you go. We think by mid-November we'll be completely started up.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. So we had -- as you'll see on the detail of our supplemental information, we had a $40 million income impact related to that in the third quarter. We'll have some carryover to that type of impact in the fourth quarter that won't be as large as that number. We've announced publicly that we're going to set up a couple of funds to deal with any environmental claims and the status of those is that we're continuing to have discussions with the authorities in China about how we set up and administer those funds.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: We think we have found other methods to supply Ponca City, which are more expensive than using the Seaway pipeline to do that. And that would be part of the calculation we'll do when we get a value for the Seaway pipeline, as far as whether it makes sense for us to sell our interest in the pipeline.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Most of it's U.S. I mean, that's a good point that you raised there, Mark. So that $120 million, just to put a little clarity on that, was a third quarter item. But that was -- we had the opposite effect of that kind of spread out between the first quarter and the second quarter. So that's why we've said that's $120 million in the third quarter, but year-to-date is a 0. And that really has to do with differences on how physical positions and the paper positions, which are used to hedge physical positions, are marked due to the way the accounting rules work. So you get a little bit of timing noise from quarter to quarter as a result of that.
