Clayton Reasor: Thank you. Good morning, and thanks for your interest in ConocoPhillips. We're here to talk about our first quarter 2011 results. And I'm joined today by Jeff Sheets, Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. This morning, we'll provide a summary of our key financial and operating results for the first quarter, as well as our outlook for 2011. As in the past, you can find our presentation materials on the Investor Relations section of ConocoPhillips website. Before we get started, I'd like you to take a look at the Safe Harbor statement we've got on Slide 2. And it's just a reminder that we'll be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and the question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from what's presented today. And factors that could cause actual results to differ are included in our filings with the SEC.  Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff to take you through our prepared remarks and presentation.
Clayton Reasor: That's right. Yes, I think the guidance we've given on Eagle Ford, Bakken and North Barnett is around 50,000 barrels a day by year end.
Clayton Reasor: I think it's a question if there's a commercial aspect of it or there's negotiation that we're in the middle of, we probably don't want to disclose it. But if it's public out there or it's part of some pipeline agreement that's in the public domain, I'd be happy to.
Clayton Reasor: Well, from exploitation work is what I think -- doing things within existing fields to capture additional production is included in the projects performance and other on the production chart.
Clayton Reasor: Yes. So there's lots of different impacts that are happening with working capital that are price driven that will balance out over time as prices, as things catch up. So what we wanted to point out in the first quarter, though, is that the consciously chose to increase our inventory levels to facilitate some capturing of some margins in the marketplace that our commercial trading group had opportunities to do. And that was a big driver of the working capital change in the first quarter. And that's something that we could reverse if we chose to. And typically, we do allow our inventories to go up and down during the course of the year, so you'll see that, that will reverse over time. And you can look at previous years and you'll see a similar kind of pattern where we'll have usually inventory -- working capital negatives early in the year, working capital positives later in the year.
Clayton Reasor: We've got nothing incremental to what we shared at the analyst presentation just about a month ago. We do anticipate that sanction on the Ekofisk -- South Development Ekofisk 2 -- Eldfisk 2 will be among the major projects that we sanction this year. They've got attractive both F&D and rates of return. And it's going to -- that over time, that those are projects which will cause us to move from having a declining production. Well, first, they arrest near-term decline in Norway and, ultimately, we'll get Norway production to where it turns around and see some slight increases.
Clayton Reasor: There had been one particular platform in Bohai Bay which has been a challenge, but that's been that way for several quarters now and that's reflected in the production numbers as you've seen from Bohai.
Clayton Reasor: It's mostly -- well, yes, it's Bohai and Panyu as well. Bohai's, I don't know what off the top of my head, would Bohai is. We can probably get back...
Clayton Reasor: Okay. Yes, we're continuing to sell the second train. The buyers we're talking to who are likely buyers in the second train will probably want perhaps some equity position. Some of the buyers we're talking do not want equity, some want a small equity position. It would be unlikely that it would be an equity position of the size that Sinopec came into. So it would be unlikely we would dilute substantially from where we are today.
Clayton Reasor: Yes. I think you're going to get the same answer from us that you're going to get from Origin, that we're working through that as part of our decision on getting towards the final investment decision in the mid part of this year. And that we'll be able to give you more information on that once we've gotten to that point.
Clayton Reasor: No, there's not really an update there. We're still working through in getting the permitting process done there.
Clayton Reasor: So we have a decline from existing production in Panyu and Xijiang -- or Panyu. And then the way we bucket these things is so we have different -- we have wells and platforms in Bohai which may be in decline and things -- and new things we're bringing on in Bohai as well. So yes, I did mention it in both buckets.
Clayton Reasor: Right. But you could see overall production levels from China from the details that we give you in the international E&P page in the supplemental.
Clayton Reasor: Not substantial in this quarter. We can have -- as we talked about in previous quarters, the exactly how physical inventory gets marked compared to how paper positions that are hedging trading positions around that inventory get marked, there can be some noise around that from quarter-to-quarter. This quarter, it was not -- there were not a significant number there related to inventory impacts.
Clayton Reasor: We would -- obviously there'd be a market for that gas if we can produce it. But with the decline in the Cook Inlet, area, as Clayton says, it's mostly an issue with gas availability, and that compared to domestic demand in the Cook Inlet in the Anchorage area. So I don't really see any plans to prolong Kenai.
Clayton Reasor: So it is all capital that we can choose to deploy or not deploy in that business. So the inventory positions that we have are -- can be taken out. So it's not a long-term capital commitment in that business.
Clayton Reasor: So the swing in the first quarter was $2 billion in the downstream part of our business. And that's a mix of inventories, payables, receivables, all those kinds of working capital impacts. That's a fairly large swing for a particular quarter. If you look historically, we've probably been more to the $1 billion and $1.5 billion swings in working capital in a quarter.
Clayton Reasor: No, we do not. We don't have a good -- we don't know production levels, physical state of the assets. Really, we don't have a good information coming out of Libya.
Clayton Reasor: Not much more to say than what we've talked about as we are going through the presentation. We've drilled a couple of wells there, vertical wells. We're moving now to drill a horizontal well and we'll continue to just evaluate that program as we move forward. Not a lot more we can say about it at this time.
Clayton Reasor: Yes, we'd have to get back to you on that one. I expect it has to do primarily with changes in co-product pricing which are not part of the market indicators.
Jeffrey Sheets: So we've got one train sold now to Sinopec, and we're actively marketing the second train. As we go through the next few months, we'll be having discussions with our partner about exactly what type of final investment decisions we'll take, whether we take a one-train FID or 2-train FID or one train with building infrastructure for the second. Those are all things we'll be in discussion with our partner over the next few months as we continue to market the second train. We can't really say today exactly what type of FID we will take. We're very optimistic about our ability to sell the second train, though. The market continues to have a good, strong demand for LNG both in the nearer term and the longer term. As far as whether ConocoPhillips would take a significant gas price risk to market the trains up, we don't view that that's necessary, that there's a good, strong market out there for sales of LNG from the project.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes. So at the analyst presentation, we talked quite a bit about our plans for the Lower 48 and there's nothing new from what we said about a month ago on Lower 48 capital. So we're continuing to evaluate the resource plays that we have there for potential and incremental investment opportunities. So it is a potential that we could do incremental CapEx. We haven't made any decision to do that yet. But the production guidance that we gave at the analyst presentation as far as the rate of increase from the shale plays is about the same as what we had said before. We ultimately think we're going to get that up to around 100,000 barrels a day coming out of the Eagle Ford, the Bakken and the Barnett. And we think by the end of this year, we're going to be up -- what was that? Do you remember the number there, Clayton? We'll be probably up to 40,000 or 50,000 by the end of this year.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, so I think the challenges we have or what you outlined is we're operating in the areas where there's significant other activity. So we're being very aggressive about how we're managing developments. In Queensland, for example, they're working now with our EPC contractor to make sure that we don't run into difficulties there as we execute those projects. In our heavy oil developments in Canada, the same kind of thing, we know that that's a multiyear development, and we really work to schedule those things out to where that gets done. If you look at our resource plays in North America, like how we're developing Eagle Ford, we've made sure we had the rig commitment and the completion commitments in place early as we develop those programs. So yes, we've got a lot of things going on in terms of developing our portfolio and there's always schedule risk. But part of what -- we recognize that going into these projects, and we're putting a lot of effort into managing that schedule and cost risks up front.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, sure, it is difficult to predict the timelines. But as we've talked about before, we have filed -- we're working through the arbitration process through the international courts. But we've had our arbitration hearings. We expect to get a ruling on jurisdiction and the parameters on which values would be calculated later on in this year and then values as far as the damage calculations subsequent to that. But there's also appeals processes that can be used even after these rulings are achieved. So we're probably still several years away from having a judgment that we can collect on.
Jeffrey Sheets: I don't have that right off the top of my head. It's a little bit more weighted. If you look at our portfolio overall, it's particularly related to North America. The shift is away from natural gas, so the decline in natural gases in North America is more than the decline in liquids. I think we just have to get back to you on a more precise split of how that declined. But it's a little bit more gas weighted than oil weighted.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, I mean, Alaska has got a very progressive tax regime now and a very -- and it's getting to be a relatively high cost from a high tax cost area for us. But we think that there would be opportunity for increased investment in Alaska that is adversely impacted by the tax regime up there. So we'll continue to work with the relevant people in the government there to try to influence things. We're hopeful, but it's hard. We don't know what -- it's hard to speculate on what the impact might be.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, as we've talked about at the analyst presentation, as opposed to what we did in 2010 where we were fairly specific about guidance on asset sales, we're taking the approach of -- we have several things we're pursuing, but we're not likely to give a lot of guidance about them until transactions are at an announcement point. So I don't think there's really much more we're going to say other than what we've said so far regarding asset sales. We continue -- we've mentioned before that we're continuing to work the Wilhelmshaven refinery asset sales process. We've got other things we're investigating and working on the downstream side, but it's too early to try to comment on those specifically. And as far as the events in North Africa, there's not much -- there's not really a comment that we can make there on the impact of that on our asset sales program either.
Jeffrey Sheets: So with the buyback, we spent $1.6 billion basically in first quarter, that was starting in mid-February, after we were out with our dividend and share repurchase announcement. As we talked about a little bit earlier, we spent basically another $900 million in April. So that would give you kind of an idea of the pace we've been going at so far this year, and we'll continue to evaluate that as we go through the year.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes. So for DD&A, what we guided at the analyst presentation of about $8 billion for 2011 is still what we would say for guidance. That is lower than DD&A levels in last year. Part of that is due to lower volumes. Also part of it is due to a shift in where our production comes from in that we're having increased production from equity affiliates where the DD&A number is essentially part of the equity earnings number, not separate as a DD&A number. So that is also a significant part of the chain. So guidance is $8 billion for DD&A, $7 billion upstream, $1 billion or so downstream.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, Qatar is in there. And it's performed, as we've mentioned earlier, it's performed quite well. It ramped up faster than we anticipated and production has been fairly steady there. So that's been -- the news has been good coming out of Qatar in the QG3 project.
Jeffrey Sheets: Our share net. Yes, our share was 80,000 BOE per day, right. No, I'm just saying just in equity affiliates in general, what -- the big things that go into that, of course, our midstream and our chemicals joint venture. Our 2 joint ventures with Cenovus on the upstream, the FCCL joint venture on the upstream and the WRB joint venture on the downstream and APLNG, as well as Qatar project.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes. So the only thing we did in the -- that was closed in the first quarter, was a relatively small transaction of some Lower 48 nonoperated assets. It was around $300 million to $400 million. The volumes associated with that are relatively small, in the 2,000 to 3,000 barrels a day.
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, we've got left to do the rest of the assets sales program we've talked about, the whole $5 billion to $10 billion. And kind of like the earlier question, we'll comment more on those things as they occur as opposed to identifying specific assets that will be part of this program.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, it's really -- it's at different places but predominantly, it was at our Borger refinery and at our Sweeny refinery. So part of the Mid-Continent region and part of it out of the Gulf Coast region. Both of those were incidents that occurred which caused us to take facility -- portions of the refinery down for a period of time. And those things are both things that had been corrected. We have unplanned downtime every quarter. The first quarter was a little bit higher than what we would normally expect from unplanned downtime, and we put a number on that of around $50 million impact to R&M for the quarter.
Jeffrey Sheets: We are working in those areas actively, but we haven't fully identified. No, we haven't fully identified that yet.
Jeffrey Sheets: So our current production is around a little over 20,000 barrels a day. We have about 5,000 barrels a day, wasn't it, Clayton? That's curtailed as we're working through evacuation. We have plans in place to cater for the full Eagle Ford production, which we expect will be up at the 65,000, 70,000 barrels a day by -- you'll see in a couple of years. So as we go through these next few time periods, there'll be periods where we're a little bit behind on the infrastructure, but we're confident that by the time we get to 2013 and the volumes we think we're going to have there, that we'll have infrastructure to take that volume away.
Jeffrey Sheets: It's both truck and I think it's everything. And I think it's -- I don't know if we're using rail there, I think it's primarily truck and pipe.
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, of course, Keystone XL faces the continuing permitting challenge to get that done. We anticipate that, that will occur and that the pipeline will be constructed in the next year and a half or so. We get the question a lot about whether we should be reversing our Seaway products -- Seaway pipeline which runs from the Gulf Coast to Cushing. That's something we'll continue to evaluate, but there is a solution plan now between Keystone XL and the questions whether there'll be incremental capacity required beyond that. And we, along with a lot of people, are studying that question.
Jeffrey Sheets: That's a good question. We don't have as good a window into that as other companies do. But since we don't operate a retail marketing system, we're a wholesaler for our refined products. So we don't have any difficulty moving all the refined products that we can produce out of our refineries at market prices. So we haven't seen any evidence of decreased demand, so I'm not sure that we would be the one to really see that since we don't operate a retail network.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, the strongest areas were the Mid-Con refining with the situation with WTI being what it is. East Coast refining was still relatively challenged. West Coast refining margins and Gulf Coast refining margins were actually stronger as well in the first quarter. So the strength in the Midwest, more strength than we've seen recently in the West Coast and, the East Coast was still a more difficult market.
Jeffrey Sheets: So I think we saw a widening of the differential between bitumen prices and crude oil prices during the quarter, which was part of what benefits refining as well. There's no change into how we get our crude -- our bitumen to the market. There's no -- we're not constrained by any infrastructure constraints in moving that product to market. So it's just the shift in differentials which caused -- which is the primary cause for the relatively flat bitumen prices compared to the increased crude oil prices.
Jeffrey Sheets: We don't -- go into provide detail on exact destinations of where our Qatari volumes have been flowing.
Jeffrey Sheets: I don't know the details of that, Paul. I'd be surprised if they could since the right of way that was owned by the company and we have the ability to influence decisions of the company which owns the right of way. But I don't know the answer to that.
Jeffrey Sheets: No. I think that's similar to what we've talked about. So that number is just the unmitigated decline rate. So it's similar to what you heard Ryan Lance and Greg Garland talking about at the analyst presentation in March, that's kind of 10%, 11% of our production rate. And then you could do things within those existing fields to bring that decline rate to more like 5%, and then you can -- with new projects, you can arrest the rest of that decline and have production growth.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes. Another source of variance on the working capital can also be taxes payable. A couple of times a year, we'll make a big tax payment and so that number will be -- tax payable will obviously be a source of funds. And there's some variation that comes from that as well in the high price environment. But the big move quarter was obviously inventory.
Jeffrey Sheets: That would be hundreds of millions of dollars. It wouldn't be at the magnitude that you're seeing this quarter.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, I don't think -- where we said the $1.5 billion in capital in 2011 for North Sea. So sanctions this year and then capital will ramp up in subsequent years.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes. I think we want to wait until we get to actually deciding what we're going to do on those projects. And let us sanction the projects first, and then come up with a total project capital number for you.
Jeffrey Sheets: I think as Larry talked about, we were planning, I think it's 4 appraisal wells around Poseidon and other discoveries in Browse. I think the permitting is taking longer than we had hoped, so I don't have a new time to give you right now on when we start the appraisal drilling around the discovery.
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, I don't -- it's just the sort -- I guess, whether or not it's a decline as a result of the terms or a decline as a result of, I guess, the field life, we don't differentiate those 2 things in this graph, that's right.
Jeffrey Sheets: 50. I think we do about -- I think we do, I don't know, somewhere between 15 and 20 out of the Bakken and probably between 10 and 15 out of North Barnett.
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, most of the growth came out of Eagle Ford. I would say it's probably between 5,000 and 10,000 barrels a day.
Jeffrey Sheets: In terms of shutdown in Kenai, I don't think -- I think there was additional cargo sold, but I don't think our -- I think the issue is availability of gas.
Jeffrey Sheets: Our employees were -- we got our employees out, what, mid -- was it mid-February? Yes. We really don't know.
Jeffrey Sheets: Okay. Well, thanks, everybody, for listening. Appreciate your interest. These comments and transcript we posted on our website along with the presentation material. Thank you, again.
Douglas Leggate: A couple of, I guess, a little more granular things from me. Your depreciation in the upstream fell about $140 million sequentially, and I'm guessing some of that related to the unplanned downtime. But can you guys give us an idea of what's going on there in terms of how we should think about the run rate on a go-forward basis for, I guess, both for upstream and group for DD&A? And I have a follow-up, please.
Douglas Leggate: Got it. And you kind of read my mind there because my follow-up is really on equity affiliates. Obviously, you don't breakout the earnings there, but is Qatar included in there? And can you just maybe just give us an update on how Qatar is performing because obviously that's been a big part of your incremental production this year and again is expected this year.
Douglas Leggate: Okay, that's terrific. And then last one I have, if I may, is the asset sales on the dollar side, I think, the guidance is pretty clear there. But could you give us just a kind of run rate to date as to what you've completed in terms of volumes in the upstream and what you still have set to do? And I'll leave it there.
