Jeffrey Sheets: No, it's really too early for us to make any comments on that. But those discussions have started. And until we've concluded those discussions, it would be premature for us to say anything.
Jeffrey Sheets: I think we'll just say that we're still on the $5 billion to $10 billion additional to the $7 billion we did in 2010, over 2011 and 2012. We have a lot of -- as I mentioned earlier, we have a lot of different transactions that we are working and then we would expect that we will be closing some additional transactions in 2011, and probably announcing some that will close in 2011. And really, that will close in 2012 later this year. We would -- so I would just, again, reiterate the same $5 billion to $10 billion range that we've said for the 2011, 2012 combined.
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, I think this is going to be a continually evolving aspect of this. We'll have additional capacity built out, and then we're also going to continue ramp-up production. And maybe just a couple of comments on the Eagle Ford overall. So in the second quarter, we averaged 21,000 barrels a day out there. We currently are producing around 24,000 barrels a day. We probably could be producing a little over 30 if we had no production constraints out there at all. So we'll have periods. We're going to catch up, and then we'll have periods, where we will fall behind again. But I would think as we move into 2012 and 2013, that we would expect to be out of the curtailment situation.
Jeffrey Sheets: Maybe we'll just kind of give you some numbers on Alaska production taxes. If you look at how much we paid in the first quarter, it was a little bit just under $500 million. If you look at what we paid in the second quarter in production taxes, it was just a little bit less than $800 million. So a substantial part of the increase in prices, of course, in Alaska goes towards higher production taxes. We don't anticipate any near-term movement on -- in the political front in Alaska.
Jeffrey Sheets: The program really hasn't changed, and we are in a situation where it's kind of the same situation we've been in since we -- even going back in the March Analyst presentation, where we've outlined what our targets are. But I've said that the nature of the things we're pursuing, it's probably best from a commercial perspective if we talk about them once they're nearing -- complete or nearing completion. So we're going to be probably not able to provide a lot of additional guidance on that. The same kind of production impact guidance that we gave back in March that this could be 50,000 to 100,000 barrels a day of incremental production that we're selling. It's still, we think, an appropriate way to look at it, and it can be a mix of things from all across our portfolio. I'm afraid I just -- with where we are in different aspects of this, there's not a lot more that we feel is appropriate to say at this time.
Jeffrey Sheets: For 2011, we had a capital program of $13.5 billion, which is basically $12 billion Upstream and $1.5 billion Downstream and other. So it's kind of $1.2 billion in Downstream, and 300 in other. That's still pretty much where we are going forward for the rest of 2011 .
Jeffrey Sheets: So we -- I mentioned in our early comments that we're going to allocate an incremental $500 million to developments in North America. I think we would anticipate that's going to come just from adjustments that we make in the overall program, a little bit slower spin perhaps on some projects than what we have initially anticipated to where the budget is going to end up in the same range, is what we've talked about earlier this year. We're taking a hard look now as what the 2012 level of expenditure is going to be in that area. But we could see that we could be up another $1 billion next year as we -- kind of help you with -- the possible range from where we were this year as we look at the breadth of our opportunities.
Jeffrey Sheets: But that's something that as the rest of the year, as this year goes on and we get a little firmer on our 2012 plans, that we'll be able to provide more guidance on.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, so I think as we look generally at the Upstream part of our business, it is, of course, influenced by the level of commodity prices. But we generally feel like as you look over time, that it generates the cash necessary to fund the investment program and to fund the dividend, that some years it may be a little bit generate more cash than CapEx plus dividends, some of the year, it may be a little bit less than that. But both of these entities, when we set up a capital structure for them, we're going to create them with a lot of financial flexibility. So they're both capable of handling fluctuations in commodity prices, and continuing to invest capital through the cycle. So we don't anticipate that, that suggests any real change in our Upstream strategy. And the Upstream strategy is still going to be about converting resources to reserves, improving -- shifting the portfolio to higher-margin production, improving returns on capital, improving -- growing production on an absolute basis and on a per-share basis. And we'll be providing more information about this as we talk in more detail about these companies. But I mean, you'll see, I think, both these companies are going to have the financial flexibility to pursue the capital programs that make sense for them.
Jeffrey Sheets: Those numbers sound about right. I think we will be, of course, talking in more detail about the outlook on both these companies as the rest of this year progresses.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, I think what we've said is that we're going to continue to buy back. We talked a little bit -- the guidance we've given is the share repurchase that we're doing through 2011. We've authorized $11 billion in total. And that we would anticipate that we're going to do the majority of that in 2011. And then we'll continue to evaluate, as always, the relative balance of investment versus share repurchases going forward.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, I don't think we really are in a position to comment about 2012 buybacks. At this time, it's just always a part of our decision-making, and on how we're balancing the opportunities for investment versus the opportunities for share repurchase.
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, we'll clarify that when we make our FID decision. But if we end up in a 1-train FID, it would be 1 train with building out the infrastructure for the second train. And then we would anticipate making a second train decision, once we got a little bit more clarity on the marketing of the volumes for the second train.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, there's a potential that, that will occur. But I think we would not anticipate that we will be selling the level of interest that we would -- we sold to Sinopec as part of marketing the first train. Generally, the buyers that we're having discussions with on the second train, if they desire equity, they desire equity in the same levels that Sinopec was after.
Jeffrey Sheets: I don't think we will give precise numbers on that. It's a strong quarter for the Downstream operations. In the second quarter, in the strong areas where the Mid-Continent -- there also -- there was a fair strength in the Gulf Coast and the West Coast had fairly respectful margins as well. The East Coast refineries continue to struggle with margins, but we don't have a breakdown between regions that we're ready to share.
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, I could kind of see it how we see the business as it is today. I think -- we still think that we will be making additional disposals in 2011 or announcing additional ones in 2011 that we'll close in 2012. I think those are likely to be weighted later in the year to where they're not going to have significant impacts on production for 2011.
Jeffrey Sheets: That's part of the range that we're giving on that numbers. I mean, we are having conversations now with the authorities in China about, well, the incident overall and the timing of the restart of production.
Jeffrey Sheets: We're working through details of the schedule right now. We would like to get in a position to where we file the IRS ruling request in the fourth quarter of this year.
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, yes, it will be different. It will be around the same time frame, and there'll be iterations on the Form 10.
Jeffrey Sheets: There are rights. We're not giving any of the details. Each of our partners have various rights that we need to work through as we decide which entity each of the joint ventures goes into. And we're not really free to discuss exactly what those rights are, but those discussions have started with each of our partners.
Jeffrey Sheets: Not -- well, in what context? I think we'd have to say that in terms of the documents that govern each of the joint ventures, there's different definitions of how an event like -- in different ways, and how an event like this would be treated that don't really fall into a change in control type categorization. So I don't think we can really answer that question as yes, no. The agreements, again, are more complex than that.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, I probably just have to go back to the same kind of answer that we've given on asset sales before, is that as we move through asset sales program, there are certain assets where we're working on and having discussions about, where it's probably not appropriate to give a lot of -- it doesn't help us commercially to give a lot of the details about that. So we don't really want to get into saying it's this particular asset or that particular asset that we're working on at this time.
Jeffrey Sheets: So if you look at where we started the year, we started the year with around $10 billion in cash. We're generating strong cash from our operations this year, which is kind of really more than fund the capital and the dividend program. So as in share repurchase, we'd be adding to that cash balance. And at the same time, we're continuing to -- with an asset sales program that we think is going to add proceeds in 2011 and 2012. You raised a good question. So when we look at this, so we think about the amount of financial flexibility that we have based on cash we started with, cash from operations that we're generating, continued asset sales program. We think that we can execute the share repurchase program we've talked about for 2011 and still have the levels of cash, the levels of -- end up with levels of debt in these entities that will provide us quite a bit of financial flexibility. So we're still quite comfortable that we are not doing something that would diminish the ability of either of these companies to really have all the financial flexibility they need going forward by repurchasing shares in 2011.
Jeffrey Sheets: No, we assume that we will be returning those fields to production, the B and C platform in Bohai will return to production. And the question is just what the timing of that will be...
Jeffrey Sheets: So as we-- no, I think we have very substantial positions in those plays already that we acquired quite a while ago. We will -- the acreage that we have added, and we're talking about the 340,000 acres that we have added have been in developing plays, and not in the Eagle Ford, Bakken and Barnett. I think we see what the -- or we see a lot of running room with the acreage we have already, multi-year development at Eagle Ford. We talk about looking at the Bakken and Barnett, and then increasing activity there based on our existing acreage. We find that acreage is going at a very handsome price right now in those areas. And so we're looking to add acreage to other places and more perspective, not as developed plays and building and concentrating on building out and exploiting the acreage, which we have previously acquired in the Eagle Ford, and the Bakken and the Barnett.
Jeffrey Sheets: Okay. See, I'm not sure if I understood there what you're suggesting we might do with our Cenovus -- with our assets in the partnership with Cenovus. We, just generally, this all kind of gets to the transparency questions and one of the things that we think will be beneficial to as we go forward when we have even calls such as this one. The subject is focused on one area, and we will be, I think, providing more information and more focus on either just the Upstream or just the Downstream assets. And we think that increased transparency will cause a better understanding of what our asset base is going to be.
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, yes, well, I think maybe the answer there is really more about Syncrude than it is about SCCL, and if you think about...
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, really differently that way too. Yes, just kind of expand on it, Clayton [ph]. I mean what in Syncrude was a 9% interest in a very large, very solid strong asset for which there was a very good market for in -- and for which we could do the sale in a way that was tax efficient for us. So all of those things led us to say, "Well, we can get more value, obviously, for Syncrude by marketing that asset than it was worth to us, keeping it just from a net present value perspective." And really, on all of our asset, sales transactions, our guiding principle is we're driven by what's the net present value, the cash flows that we anticipate we're going to get out of these projects versus the value, the after-tax value of our sales proceeds. We're not really doing asset sales. We're doing asset sales because we think we can get more value as we look at it just from a cash flow perspective through selling the asset than we can by retaining the asset. It's not really because we're trying to say, well, this asset or that asset is or is not contributing to our overall market valuation.
Jeffrey Sheets: No, I don't think so. We still have an interest in acquiring acreage in the Gulf. But in particular, we have interest in acquiring exploration acreage because we try to build out what our investment portfolio is going to be longer term. So the expenditures that we talked about are kind of higher expenditures in the Lower 48 are for 2011, 2012, 2013-type investments. When you talk about adding things in the Gulf of Mexico, you're adding things that are more, perhaps, some near-term exploration expenditures. But really, well, the larger expenditures are going to come later in the life, and that helps build our portfolio in the 2015 and beyond timeframe. So yes, it's a good question. No change in our interest level in the Gulf of Mexico assets.
Jeffrey Sheets: So just generally, maybe just some broad characterization on the acreage that we've added. It's maybe 2/3 in Canada and 1/3 in the Lower 48. We find ourselves in a position that we don't really want to say a lot more than that, because we still continue to acquire acreage. And it's a competitive world out there, and we don't really want to give a lot of color on exactly where we're acquiring acreage.
Jeffrey Sheets: No. I think it's something that kind of will fall in the categories as we talked about finance for these -- in more detail for these companies going forward that, that will be -- and we talk about our exploration program going forward that's -- more color on that.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, so Eagle Ford, the results are all in line with our expectations, and they're encouraging. In terms of liquid content, in terms of well productivity, we're managing through the infrastructure questions there. As I mentioned, we're increasing rig counts in Eagle Ford going kind of from 13 in the second quarter, where we think we'll be up to 16. So we are continuing to expand the pace of that development.
Clayton Reasor: Well, I think we've said $14 billion to $15 billion in CapEx in 2012. And I would say there's no reason to change that at this point.
Clayton Reasor: I don't think so. I think the capital that comes into Lower 48 was probably reallocated, as Jeff said, from other projects that may not be moving as quickly as we thought.
Clayton Reasor: So just to be clear, that's an absolute number that -- Libya, obviously, we've taken Libya volumes out, and we've taken the impact of asset sales so far this year, which is a relatively small amount, maybe 5 a day or less out of that number.
Clayton Reasor: Well, as Jeff said, we are down 17,000 barrels a day. I think production prior to the shut in of that production was around 60. I'm not sure what we've promised as far as when those volumes come back on, but...
Clayton Reasor: Yes, so I think the guidance we've given on production impact from $5 billion to $10 billion asset sales program is 50 to 100...
Clayton Reasor: Well, I think the first half of the year, maybe 5 a day. Yes, I think you can essentially say, Doug, that it's still to go.
Clayton Reasor: And from the standpoint that we didn't have that production in July. We included that impact. But you're looking at a 25,000-barrel a day variance, and it's awfully tough to get -- that's a pretty small number on a 1.65 million a day.
Clayton Reasor: They're really not the same types of assets given our ownership and the running room that we had in Syncrude versus SCCL.
Clayton Reasor: Are you talking specifically about the margin expansion that we're seeing or the improvement in margins that comes from greater liquids production versus gas or...
Clayton Reasor: And obviously, we're looking for liquids rich, right? So they shales -- unconventional that we're going after is going to be more from a liquid's perspective than a gas perspective.
Clayton Reasor: It's consistent with this idea of exploiting some of the existing acreage that we have onshore, and adding to our unconventional base in North America.
Clayton Reasor: But in capital spend, there's estimated still at Eagle Ford, around a $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion a year, so in 2011. And the reference that Jeff made earlier about Bakken and Barnett, which are incrementally $0.5 billion, would be into those areas rather than into Eagle Ford.
Clayton Reasor: Great. Thanks, Kim, and thanks, everybody, for your participation in the call. We think we're doing a lot of good things at ConocoPhillips, and look forward to the next time we're able to talk with you. Have a great day.
Douglas Leggate: I got a couple of quick ones. Actually, a few quick ones if I run through them. Just a point of clarification on the production guidance, at least, Jeff. What is the expected scale of production that will be sold in the remaining $5 billion $10 billion program? And just to be clear, I assume the guidance, as you pointed, any sales would likely not affect 2011, just want to be clear that, that is indeed the case.
Douglas Leggate: Got it. I understand there is a lot of confidentiality around Qatar. So I'm not optimistic on this one, Clayton, but let me give it a go.
Douglas Leggate: Okay. I'll figure out maybe the answer. I'll just try another couple of quick ones, and then I'll let someone else for the go. I guess the last operating question is really the liquids-rich plays, Eagle Ford, Bakken. Can you just give us an update as to how your acreage position is evolving there? It looks as if you're -- I'm guessing you're continuing to add and bolt on as you move towards those high-margin barrels, so an update there. And then my last one is strategic, but I'll let you answer that, and then I'll go to the strategic one...
Douglas Leggate: Okay. And the last one for me is really -- is maybe it’s actually maybe one for Jim rather than yourself, Jeff. But in the context of going back through the last year and the very successful asset program or sales program, I should say, you started off with Syncrude. And one of the glaring, I guess, disconnects that you can see in the market is the value you've given Cenovus versus, let's see, your assets that you share with Cenovus now. Of course, there's no -- the chance that you all is going to get split in 2, I'm guessing. I'm just curious as to why, when Jim's comments in the separation call, he said, "It doesn't really matter to him if production is 1.6, 1.5, 1.4 in terms of getting value recognition." At least, that was my recollection. Why, in light of what management has done to date, trying to get the value recognition with restructuring your interest in the Cenovus equivalent assets, and maybe trying to achieve that kind of valuation, why is that not an option, or is it an option? And I'll leave it there.
Douglas Leggate: Yes, I guess the issue, Jeff, is you released an awful lot of value from Syncrude that wasn't arguably being reflected in the stock. And if you look at the fully integrated oil sands project, in other words, the Christina Lake and so on, all the way down to Woods River, is essentially the same thing, and you're not getting the value for that. So why would you make a decision on Syncrude, that you wouldn't look to maybe separate out what is clearly been given a very hefty market value and in the case of Cenovus for almost exactly the same assets? I guess...
Philip Weiss: First question I have for you. In the past, you talked about having an interest in acquiring acreage should it become available on the Gulf. And I was wondering if there's any changes to that in light of your comments about allocating more money to the Eagle Ford.
Philip Weiss: And then the next question I have, realizations. I know that with the relationship that we have among the various types of crudes right now, that your realizations have improved, and then that's helping the Upstream results. And I was just wondering what kind of thoughts you might have as to how long that's going to last, and if it's going to get any wider, and that kind of thing.
Philip Weiss: No, here, I'm just thinking, when I look at your realizations relative to where prices came in for the second quarter, they've gone up. And so I'm just trying to figure out how long that may -- what your view is on how long that spread may last. I know there's a downstream benefit as well, but I'm thinking on terms of what you're selling your oil for.
Philip Weiss: Okay. That's fine. And then just want -- Clayton, I just to confirm that debt pay down that you mentioned, that's just maturing debt. It's not in the other...
