Ryan Lance: Thank you Ellen and let me extent my thanks to all of you who also joined the call today and for your interest in the company. We’re at the halfway mark in 2014 and I’m pleased to say that our company’s performance is progressing consistent with our plans this year. Top line growth and margin expansion are showing up in our performance and we’re delivering on our commitments. The second quarter was certainly a volatile one geopolitically and there was a lot of sector activity on the domestic front, all of which we of course watch closely, but we continue to take what we believe is a sound long-term approach to the business. So we’re staying the course and sticking to our plans. And our goal as we’ve mentioned numerous times is to deliver predictable consistent performance and I think we achieved that again in the second quarter. Operationally, the business ran very well. We produced 1.556 million BOE per day from continuing operations excluding Libya, which represented growth of 6.5% year-over-year. Now adjusted for downtime in Libya, we grew underlying volumes 4% this quarter compared to one year ago. And this performance exceeded our prior guidance, which Matt will cover a bit more detail in his comments. But our growth came from the several places notably the Eagle Ford and the Bakken but as well as recent startups in Europe, Asia Pacific and in oil sands. And the work continues to bring additional major projects online later this year and into 2015 and 2016. Now if I switch financially, the quarter was also very strong. Adjusted earnings were $2 billion or $1.61 per share, that’s up 14% year-over-year. Our cash flow from operations including the equity affiliate distributions funded our capital and dividend for the first half of the year. That leaves our cash position relatively unchanged from year-end 2013. And we’re also seeing the visible margin growth and that should accelerate later in the year and into 2015 as our volumes continue to increase in high margin areas. Now strategically while we’re focused on our high value asset base that has a lot of running room, we’re also looking to add organic options and choices through explorations. Today in addition to our unconventional and Gulf of Mexico exploration activities we’re drilling in Senegal and Angola. Now these two areas have higher risk but also higher reward if successful. And we recently took a position in a large exploration concession offshore Nova Scotia. And yesterday we announced the completion of our sale of our Nigerian business. And that’s a big milestone that completes the strategic divestiture program we announced two years ago. That program has generated nearly $14 billion of proceeds for our company. With these divestitures behind us we’re now fully focused on executing our growth plans. And finally earlier this month we approved a dividend increase of 5.8%. Giving back capital to our shareholders remains a tough priority and we believe an attractive dividend is the key part of our investment offering. Now that’s kind of quick recap of the quarter. But let me just recap the key messages; the business is on track, we’re delivering on our commitments and are building a strong momentum for the second half of the year and beyond. So with those brief opening comments, now let me turn it over to Jeff for a financial review of the company.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Matt. So our story this quarter is really no difference than our previous several quarters. We’re focused on delivering our stated goals of 3% to 5% volume and margin growth while returning capital to our shareholders through an attractive dividend. Our capital plans are on track, cash flow neutrality is getting closer and we continue to create options and choices to sustain our long term success. So we’re following the plan and the path that we laid out over two years ago and it’s working. So with those comments I’ll turn it over back to the operator and we’ll take your questions.
Ryan Lance: When we look at cash margins we do price normalization based on how much market prices have moved and when we don’t see the same kind of movement in realized prices that we saw in market prices that has adverse impacts on cash margins and that was the case this quarter, when we saw some wider differentials across the portfolio. And we did see some level of higher cost as well but mix shift is still long term what’s driving higher cash margins. We’re going to continue to see that trend develop. I think your observation and maybe this can be volatile from quarter to quarter is something that we’re going to continue emphasize. But if you look over the whole year as we mentioned earlier, we are on track to be in 3% to 5 % margin gross range on a price normalized basis.
Ryan Lance: There is a bit of both of those and if you think about what we’ve done with cost guidance overall. We started the year with a cost guidance of $8.5 billion. That compares to a number that was more like about 8.25 or so last year. So we increased our cost about equivalent to what we’re projecting production growth. And we’re refining a little bit higher production growth and just a little bit higher cost than what we’ve seen before but not any one particular item that we can point to on cost but cost are generally a couple of percent higher than what we thought at the beginning of the year.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. Thanks, Blake. We’re aware of what a lot of people are doing on the export. We’ve been out pretty publicly as a company supporting and advocating on the half of not only the condensate exports but the crude oil export is well which we think the condensate solves a very, very small problem. The larger issue we are having in North America is growing light oil production and the feasibility or the capacity being used up in the refining sector to really absorb that creating some of the differential issues that Jeff talked about and we have been facing back. But we follow it pretty closely. Right now we’re getting most of our condensate to the Gulf Coast putting it on ships and getting it around. We don’t see the – back but we certainly we watch it pretty closely and if we think there is an advantage to doing that we’d be in talking with the Department of Commerce as well.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. No, thanks Blake. I appreciate it. I think as I said before we are kind of executing the plan we laid out and that plan from a couple of years ago we knew we would be in a little bit shorter cash flow neutrality but we grow into that by 2016. So we’re really using the cash on the balance sheet to fund the programs that we’ve got. We made those assumptions of modest commodity prices as commodity prices has maybe been a little bit higher than our expectation it’s freed up little bit cash but it’s really gone to our investment program and into the extent we fully fund all of our high quality investment programs we will consider share buyback at that point in time. But right now it’s being used to fund our dividend and our capital program.
Ryan Lance: Yeah, I would say Paul we are taking advantage of some opportunities. We talked about Nova Scotia we are drilling now in Angola and Senegal both. I kind view sort of the capital the $16 billion that we have talked is kind of running this year at about $16.7 billion as we said earlier at the Analyst Meeting but that’s looking at opportunities that we have in the portfolio and some of the extra cash we are getting from the higher commodity prices and deploying that in the places we think are adding value both in a little bit faster pace in the Eagle Ford Bakken and some of the exploration that we are doing around the world.
Ryan Lance: Yeah, no, I think yeah, in terms of the announced sort of large disposition plans Nigeria really completes that what we talked about when we spun the company a couple of years ago. As I tell people we continue to look at the portfolio and quite a high grade it is, opportunities present themselves and we will continue to look at that. But I don’t see another major capital disposition program or announcement that you see coming us but we will be constantly looking at trying the high grade portfolio and clean up the bottom end and focus all of our investments in the top end of the portfolio. That really is really is driving the growth and the higher margins and the returns.
Ryan Lance: Well I mean it depends very much when these projects – I mean we don’t tend to take the opportunity to sell [ramped] gas to those projects but the exact magnitude of that will be dependent upon the timing of those stack ups relative to our stack-up. So it’s hard to put a number on that just now. But we have the capacity available to provide those ramp gas sales when the opportunity arises.
Ryan Lance: Yeah, on Venezuela we are in discussions with the Tribunal both sides, ourselves and the Venezuelans are now putting in their damages assessment and putting forward their – our positions with respect to the damages that were created from the Tribunals earlier award indicating that we unlawfully expropriated by the Venezuelans. So that award is also – we are in the process now of our damage assessments on both sides and we are saying that probably takes about a year to go through that process. It started a few months ago that’s kind of time line that we are operating under.
Ryan Lance: You know it’s probably not appropriate for us to comment on tactics that we might take in that regard Paul.
Ryan Lance: Yeah, that’s a bit of a curve ball Paul I will give you that. Right now we are pretty much focused on our plans as an independent E&P company. So we’re pretty focused on trying to grow our production, grow our margins as we’ve outlined and be one of best E&P companies in the space today and part of that does – we have a large North American position certainly with the Eagle Ford, Bakken and the unconventional at our legacy position in the North America. So the export issues something that’s pretty important to us and we’re spending quite a bit of time advocating on behalf of that back in both on the Hill and with the administration.
Ryan Lance: Well I think we’re in the middle of putting our plans together but what I want to take us back to the analyst presentation that we did back in April and our plans really are unchanged from what we described to you guys back then, both capital and production.
Ryan Lance: I suspect that certainly in Senegal we have some smaller companies involved they’ll be releasing information about – on a regular basis and on the Angola well I don’t know unless we win sea – so far things go but we remain get some information in advance of the quarterly call, we see another calls.
Ryan Lance: And that includes Roger some lease acquisitions money as well. So we’re in the market every day, every week in these areas trying to build our positions and core output we think are good deals.
Ryan Lance: Yeah primary focus on the Gulf of Mexico has been and will continue to be the [paleongene]. We do have some interest in Miocene prospects that we will drill we get are operated and rigs available. But I would say that the primary focus going forward will be in Paleocene and we’ve had a lot of success there as you’ve seen with the four five significant discoveries. And we’ll go back to over 2 million acres of deepwater position there. And it’s about 70% to 80% Paleocene focused but we do have some insights in the Miocene opportunities as well.James Sullivan – Alembic Global Advisors: Okay great. The other thing I want to talk about quickly on the onshore obviously you guys have commented generally about the programs in the Permian and Niobrara but just looking at Niobrara and I know that you probably don’t have much you can say about the anti-fracking measures on the balance but in terms of handicapping that, but has that effected your activity levels there, are you guys thinking about ratcheting back whatever your plan was in the second half of ‘14 as you think about risking likelihood of some type of negative outcome over there.
Ryan Lance: Well it hasn’t today but we watch it I mean we obviously watch it pretty closely if the latest around the sanctions got ratcheted up a little bit more significantly both on the European and the US side. Today it hasn’t impacted it but again we’re watching it closely but as you indicated pretty small portion of the portfolio, it’s not a lot of proceeds that. What I put in the kind of the portfolio cleanup category right now that not leveraging but some just we need to cleanup in our portfolio.
Ryan Lance: We have the – as you know we have two trains there Pavel. The first one will come up in the around the middle of next year. The second train will six and nine months later than that. And we should get to full capacity relatively quickly. We have the resource base that we need. We have the wells and facilities being developed that we need to do that. So we should get to full capacity hopefully by the middle of ‘16.
Ryan Lance: We’ve got a big Lower 48 Western Canadian Gas portfolio. So we do have assets where we have royalty interest and overwriting royalty positions. These are potions which provide us with revenue and really high margin production without any kind of corresponding operating expense or capital requirements. And we think these like we really think of other assets in our portfolios as we’re always thinking about whether what we could sale them for and get on an after tax basis is more or less than our hold value. One of things you got a think about an interest like this as we have pretty low tax bases in these types of assets, and that’s will gone be a real consideration. So we’re going – we’re just continue to monitor the asset market for something like in evaluated see if it’s kind a applicability for us in the future.
Ryan Lance: We really think it’s probably more appropriate that we do something like that if we get serious about doing a transaction like this.
Ryan Lance: Now it’s really too early to see where we’re digesting in those out from our production performance to date. And we’ll build to our plans as we get a better understanding of the reservoir dynamics.
Matt Fox: So we’re still executing those pilot tests and we announced earlier this year that we had enough evidence accumulated to go to an atrophical and 80 acre high low development lower part of the Eagle Ford. So we’re implementing that now. And we’re continuing the pilot pass looking at the upper Eagle Ford and looking at tighter spacing there. And the same comments really apply in the Bakken we’re still looking at the opportunities to tighten up well spacing and other layers but there’s nothing really new to report there, Ryan this quarter.
Matt Fox: Okay, thanks Doug. We are getting close to completing our appraisal program in the Poseidium complex and we designed that program to give the information us that need to do exactly what you are Doug to make sure that we are optimizing the development plan for Poseidium and we have the same goal in mind on the exploration that we just commenced in the Barossa area. So basically this appraised activity is designed to establish of course the best backfill opportunity for the Duvernay LNG plant for example.
Matt Fox: Okay, those numbers that you quoted, the 150 and 90 doesn’t [inaudible] for the Delaware and the Permian. Those really represent the acreage of where we are looking at unconventional development over a million acres in the Permian as a whole. But those are really representative of the areas where we are focusing on unconventional and exploration appraisal. Right now we have four rigs running and they all focus just now on the Delaware Basin. We have well repairs underway from the wells that were previously drilled in the Midland basin but we do drilling activity there right now. So that’s really – and what we are doing is basically testing the whole section as we describe at the Analyst Day there is about 4,500 feet of prospective section within the Permian Basin and certainly in the Delaware and we are going through the process of making sure that we explore and appraise those different horizons and so we get a clear understanding of what the development plans should be for that going forward.
Matt Fox: I think the range that we’ve given for both the third quarter and the fourth quarter captures the uncertainty that we see in the overall portfolio and the third quarter there was a bit uncertainty on the duration of some of our downtime and the fourth quarter is dominated more by the timing of the new projects coming on. One of the advantages that we have as a diversified company is that no individual – no single project is going to make a big difference in the overall scheme of things and that diversification in the portfolio helps us to limit the exposure to individual projects prices. So I think the range that we’ve given from third and fourth quarters is – captures all of that.
Matt Fox: Well we made a lot of progress in APLNG this year I mentioned that we’ve signed a joint venture agreement and applied for the export to FTA and non-FTA countries. So we’re starting – and that will taking 12 to 18 months or so. And then feed would then take two, or three years so that’s our final investment decision would be in 2017, 2016-2017 timeframe and first production would be in 2022 to 2025. So that’s a sort of timeline that we’re looking at, John.
Matt Fox: So we didn’t go to horizontal section but we do have crude information from the vertical wells that we have are drilled there. And it’s difficult to tell there’s a good looking section that we’ve drilled the horizontal well and as you know until you actually frac and produce these unconventional reservoirs it’s difficult to know what you’re going. So we do not – we have already the usual data it looked like in the U.S. and the frac that we’ve just done on this well is basically an Eagle Ford style frac and so we’re getting our best shot and we’ll get sense of whether or not what sort of rates we can achieve but and we get to the end of the yield this year.
Matt Fox: So a bunch of wells come on rate at the beginning of the quarter which meant that those wells were in production all the way through the quarter. That was one of the reasons the quarter was higher production than we expected. But overall from pace perspective it’s much same from a drilling piece from a completion and bringing on production that perspective that of course is influenced by the batch drilling associated with the pads and that’s what I was trying to indicate in the prepared remarks that’s going to be a bit more lumpy than it has been in the past because of the pad drilling.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for that. My follow up is a bit more conceptual I think it straddles a number of issues, asset monetization amongst them but mindful of Brian’s commentary, when you look at some of your peers Devon Energy for example with their handling situation and what they are doing there, now going go to Midstream MLP how do you guys think about your midstream infrastructure spending because obviously it’s a big enabler as you guys know I’ve been trying to reconcile the level of spending in Eagle Ford relative to the activity and I’m guessing mid-stream’s a big part of that. So how do you think about how you might be able to perhaps more efficiently monetize your midstream given the high level of CapEx and I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Matt Fox: Yeah gas production in a broad sense is going to remain roughly flat in Lower 48, we’re not drilling any wells dedicated to dry gas but we have then associated gas production with Eagle Ford and Bakken for example, such that on a broad basis we’re going to be relatively flat in overall gas product probably for the next several years.
Matt Fox: And then the plans that we’ve laid out for $16 billion of capital, we’re including in there the fact that we intend to be develop our overall unconventional resource base including the Permian and the Niobrara.
Matt Fox: Right now we are focused on the onshore position that will good position which we believe in the La Luna and you’re absolutely right the first well the – this year will be a stratigraphic test to calibrate the geology the thermal maturity and so on. So at least as because I we’re not looking that offshore for the unconventionals around Columbia.James Sullivan – Alembic Global Advisors: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Matt Fox: Yeah Pavel as you know we’ve pretty much exited Russia with some of the moves that we’ve made as a company over the last two to three years. And right now we’re in a process work we’re actually marketing our – line interest. So that’s hopefully coming to some sense of conclusion over the course of this year.
Matt Fox: Jasmine the production performance has been a bit below what we anticipated it would be because of a bit more reservoir complexity. It’s within the range of our expectations but at the lower end of the range. In fact as we’re drilling the Jasmine development wells we actually now believe that there is more gas in place, gas and condensate in place in Jasmine than we thought. But it’s a bit more stratigraphically complex. So we’re evaluating that just now and because we knew that there were some uncertainty we actually installed the platform at Jasmine that has 24 slots on it. And our initial plans were only to drill eight wells from it. So there is a lot of flexibility for us to add production and overcome this reservoir heterogeneity issue as time goes on.
Jeff Sheets: Yeah, I think you have the correct observations there, Ryan. The mix shift continues to be a pretty substantial positive for our cash margins. And what we saw this quarter is that was offset somewhat by wider differentials that we saw across our portfolio.
Jeff Sheets: So our CapEx for the year is running pretty much on track with our guidance. We have guided to $16.7 billion for the year and we are I think we are $8.1 billion though half of the year so, little bit less than the CapEx base. We think we are on pace for about $16.7 billion for the year on capital.
Jeff Sheets: Yeah, as we talked about at our analyst presentation in April I think we see capital in kind of $16.5 billion to $17 billion range for the next few years.
Jeff Sheets: If you look at our midstream position overall Doug going back in history most of that midstream position went into the DCP joint venture which has since gone with 466. So there are not a lot of midstream assets that are out there that could form the core of an MLP for us. As we look – as we go forward we’re having some midstream investments in the Eagle Ford and in the Permian, but those are really not of the size that we feel like we have the critical mass to be thinking about an MLP but that’s something that we’ll just continue to evaluate as we go through time.
Jeff Sheets: Yeah I mean that it really then goes a long way for Ryan we’ve seen at or about I mean on an opportunistic basis the things like swaps and of underlying assets may make sense to this. So we’re always open to consider those sort of things for this. But it’s not big part of our ongoing plans.
Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research: Hi everyone. Could you talk – hey guys – your CapEx is high relative to the $16 billion you have guided it to on an annual run-rate could you talk about whether you attempted to spend a little more given things going for the wells you and I particularly I noticed the exploration expense is up so, whether or not that that you may be spending a bit more on exploration given that as I said things are going well. Thanks.
Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research: Are you going to keep that flat going forward? It was – I mean I am still working I guess back on the old number $16 billion is the run rate that we were working towards when you started the…
Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research: Yeah, and that’s Gulf of Mexico? Matt Fox Yeah, so we have an appraised program going there Paul in all of their existing discoveries and that’s what dominates our exploration capital for this in the Gulf of Mexico.
Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research: Okay, I get it. I’m just trying to really focus on the idea that we want to keep capital down but I understand that particularly in the [Guam] that was potential to spend more on an outright exploration. You kind of successfully close the – keeping on cash flow you successfully lose the Nigeria deal which I think was pretty much last one if I am not wrong of the previous program. Is there potential for you to further improve the cash balances by more – another around of major disposal. Thanks and I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
Pavel Molchanov – Raymond James: Thanks for taking the question. I realized this is less than 1% of your portfolio but can help asking about the polar light with Rosneft in the context of the new sanctions. Any color on how that might affect the business.
Pavel Molchanov – Raymond James: Okay, fair enough. You think that sanctions will influence the marketing process or any sign of that.
Pavel Molchanov – Raymond James: Understood. And then on LNG I realized it’s still about a year before start up. But do you have a sense of how long it’s likely to take before it reaches full nameplate.
Pavel Molchanov – Raymond James: Okay understood. And my second question is on Jasmine, I guess one of your partners discussed some compartmentalization and some performance, not to expectations. Can you give us a little bit of color on that and what you all thinks you can do here.
Pavel Molchanov – Raymond James: Yeah, can you give us a sense on what kind on incremental CapEx spend it would take to kind of get it back to say the midpoint of that range of expectations.
