Ellen DeSanctis: Thanks Christine and welcome everybody. Our executive speakers for today are Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; Jeff Sheets, our Executive Vice President and CFO and Matt Fox, our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production. They will make some prepared remarks and then of course, will take your questions.  We will have folks to stick a question and one follow up today just so we can move through the queue. A couple of quick reminders. Today’s materials are available on our website and we will post the transcript of this call there soon.  I also wanted to remind you we’ve previously announced that we will host our 2014 analyst meeting in New York on April 10. So look out for some additional logistical details on that. And then finally, our safe harbor statement is shown on Page 2 of today’s presentation that we will make some forward looking statements during today’s website. The statement as well as our periodic filings with the SEC outline some of the uncertainties and risks in our future performance. Now I’ll turn the call over to Ryan.
Ellen DeSanctis: Doug, this is Ellen here. We love to take this kind of offline with you. We’ve got the data that could help you but I don’t have it at my finger tips. Obviously in the 177, quite a bit of -- our North American gas is declining of course and now we see in the 207, excuse me, the growth we show on that page, that our liquids ramped in the unconventional.
Ellen DeSanctis: Thank you, Christine and thank you everybody. Of course, feel free to call us back. If you have any lingering questions then we certainly look forward to seeing you in April. Thank you for your time.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Ellen and hello everyone and thank you for joining us today. So we just finished our first full year of an independent E&P company and all of us here at ConocoPhillips are pretty proud of what we have accomplished. 2013 was a year in which we had to achieve several strategic and operational goals to position the company for 3% to 5% volume and margin growth in 2014 and beyond. And that’s what we did. So if you turn to Slide 3, let me describe some of the highlights from this important year. Operationally, we met our production goals for the year. As importantly, we grew our reserves to fuel our future growth. As we saw it in announcement today, we achieved 179% reserve replacement ratio and grew reserves about 3%. Pretty strong results for a company of our size and certainly speaks to the quality of our asset base and our investment programs. Our 3% to 5% growth will come from major projects and development drilling programs across our operations. In 2013, we achieved start-ups in several major projects and we continued to ramp up our unconventional programs in the Lower 48. These activities will ramp up during 2014 as well and also provide strong momentum into 2015.  In looking longer term, our exploration program, which is key for sustaining our future growth, we had another successful year in 2013. We announced three Deepwater Gulf of Mexico successes. We advanced our North American unconventional exploration programs and accessed additional opportunities around the growth goal. So operationally, we hit the milestones we set for ourselves in 2013 and we have positioned the company for growth.  2013 was also a strong financial year. On a full year adjusted earnings, we were at $7.1 billion, up 5% compared to 2012’s adjusted earnings. This translates to $5.70 per share for the year. Cash from operations grew year over year and we ended up 2013 with $6.5 billion of cash and short term investments on the balance sheet.  Our cash margins grew 11% compared to 2012 and this reflects the fundamental shift toward liquids in our portfolio and certainly a key aspect of our value proposition. Strategically it was an active year for ConocoPhillips as well. We closed over $10 billion of non-core asset dispositions, including Kashagan and Algeria and these are certainly important steps toward high-grading our portfolio and Nigeria is really the only remaining announced asset sale to complete we hope to have that done relatively soon.  During ’13, we maintained our commitment t to pay a compelling dividend. We increased our dividend by about 4.5% at midyear and remained committed to increases overtime. So in summary, ‘13 was a very successful year for the company operationally, financially and strategically. We accomplished what we set out to do, to high-grade our portfolio, to position ourselves for volume and margin growth, to access and build opportunities for future growth, maintain our financial strength and finally, deliver strong shareholder return. So let me now turn over the call to Jeff and Matt for some additional comments on 2013 and a look into 2014.
Ryan Lance: Thank you, Matt. So, I hope there is no doubt that 2013 was a successful year for the company. We delivered on our commitments but perhaps more importantly, we positioned the company for a strong 2014. Operationally, we had a significant inflection point for the company. We expect to continue ramping up our unconventional drilling programs and progressing on our major growth project. And as Matt mentioned, we expect to grow on almost all of our business segments this year, while progressing the major projects that will continue our growth into 2015 and beyond. Meanwhile, it’s a big year for our exploration programs. In our conventional program, we will be drilling in the Gulf of Mexico, Angola, Senegal, the Barents Sea in Australia. In our unconventional program, it was an active year in the Lower 48 Permian, the Niobrara plays as well as Poland and Canada. We should see ongoing improvement in underlying margins as we bring on new volumes and we will maintain our focus on improving returns while staying committed to returning capital to our shareholders. On the strategic front, we are moving beyond the positioning phase of our journey as an independent E&P company. So now we are focused on executing our current plans to deliver growth in volumes, in margins, while positioning the company for long-term success. Our goal here is to have a deep inventory of choices and options for investment and to be the best capital allocators in the business. We think our diversified approach to this business will service well over the long-term. We are not dependent on any single product, play type or geography and this allows us to consistently execute our programs through the cycles. Bottom line, we are positioned to deliver 3% to 5% growth in both production and margins with a compelling dividend. That’s our value proposition that we set out and we are committed to delivering on it. So, I hope, Jeff, Matt and I have given you confidence that our plans are on track for delivering key milestones in 2014. It should be exciting year and I look forward to seeing you at the Analyst Meeting in April in New York. And I would mention -- I think Matt mentioned 2014 production of 1.55 million BOE per day. So, now let me take all your questions.
Ryan Lance: Doug, that's what we said. That's going to continue because that's the direction, that's the strategy, that's how we're allocating our capital, and that's how we're thinking about how we grow the margins and grow our cash flows as the production grows.
Ryan Lance: I would add Ed that, we continue to believe and I think our results are proving out that we’re in best positions in the best plays and can we get any surprises we get usually to the upside and we’ve got more resource and more opportunity as we think about our capital program and our allocation of capital is -- some of the big projects starting to wind down.
Ryan Lance: Well, it’s not as strong the Lower 48 because there’s still even with the tax improvements in Alaska, higher taxation in Alaska than in the Lower 48. The Alaska production is all oil. Which helps us on the cash margin side as well, where you think about something like Eagle Ford is kind of 60 oil and 20 NGLs and 20 natural gas. So Alaska is going to also contribute to helping with cash margin because the continues to help with the oil production, probably not as much as increased Lower 48 production wells.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. What I’d say Paul is that we’re broadly at the higher level in terms of allocation. We think about spending about 15% of our capital on the exploration. We like to do that through the cycles. Now if we get success and we start to appraise, we’ve got a decision that we face about increasing that percentage for appraisal and keeping an exploration program going. But I’d say, broadly speaking, we’re spending about 15% of our capital on exploration. We’re really kind of value based as we think about it. I don’t go into it trying to overload either unconventional or conventional. Today our program is pretty balanced. It’s about 50-50 conventional and unconventional. But everything has to compete. So whether it’s a new unconventional play that we might be looking at in other country or here in the U.S. or in North America, it’s got to compete on a cost to supply basis and an expected rate of return. So for doing our risking appropriately, doing our technical work appropriately everything has got to play. So I don’t really look at it and say, I’m not going to go elephant hunting or anything like that, we’re just trying to do the best technical work we can, risk it the best way we can and then every dollar competes. So we’re not…
Ryan Lance: I think we look at -- we still look at returns and cost of supply and try to ask ourselves is it competitive in the portfolio. We know that big resource, long-dated projects like Alaska LNG that you referred to are similar to what we’re executing in Queensland or what we’re doing in the oil sands of Canada. Both have a different profile, different return profile than unconventionals in North America but again this is the part where we think a diversified large global E&P company with the balance sheet like we have is important because there is a place in the portfolio for some of those projects to balance it out. Over time they reduce capital intensity and they have a place in the portfolio. But we have to be careful. We have to look at the other alternative investments and the other options and choices we have in the portfolio. And we haven’t made that decision on the Alaska gas because we’re still studying it and we’re still trying to understand what that cost is going to look like, what the economics, how it competes in the global marketplace for LNG and how it competes in our portfolio.
Ryan Lance: We don’t have gas right, within those two blocks, blocks 36 and 37. And the way that we model the petroleum system there, we don’t expect to find gas, the way we model the maturity of the (inaudible) expectation is that we will find oil, if we find anything, it’s still exploration in next program. So they -- we are still hopeful for that. We had blocks. It’s a quite fix section above the structures and the effect of that is that it fills the [Soshok] which means the [Soshok] less material, not to get too technical on your business. But nonetheless we expect that that’s going to be an orderly petroleum system prospect.
Ryan Lance: So our return on capital employed for 2013 is pretty similar to what we saw in 2012 and it will be, will be a bit challenge to improve return on capital employed in a very near term. A lot of that has to do with the fact we got large capital going into projects that are not really producing much right now, if you think about APNLG, some of the oil sands assets and also due to the fact that, as Matt mentioned in his remarks, we were relatively conservatively booked on a lot of the unconventionals, which leads to some pretty high DD&A rates on the unconventionals and all those things kind of impact net income, which of course impacts return on capital employed. You see a better picture for us once APLNG starts up, when the Surmont starts up and once we get a little bit more fully booked on the unconventional. So, we do see that we will be improving returns on capital employed plus prices can affect that metric as they change but those improvements are probably more in a 2016, 2017 kind of timeframe.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. So as you know we’ve selected the concept -- we’ve selected to say. We just announced an [HOA] with the first structure in place for the project and we’re hopeful we’ll start pre-FEED in the second quarter. Right now, it looks like a project that will be somewhere between $45 billion and $65 billion, and that’s because of some movement, different scope and so on, but that’s our scale. And it will be something around the 17 million tons per annum since three chains there. And the timeline that we’re working with just now is that we would make a final investment decision in 2016 or 2017. There is quite a bit FEED required for project of this scale and between the pre-FEED and the FEED that will be 2016 or ‘17 before we make a final investment decision and first gas would be 2022 to 2025. So, that’s the sort of range that we’re thinking about just now for the project.
Ryan Lance: I think that’s probably a fair assumption. As Matt mentioned earlier, as we think about volumes overall for 2014, the impact of timing on start-ups at some of these key major projects is going to be a question. I mean, we do -- I think like some of the previous questions that I have gotten too. The same kind of things that drove margin growth this year are going to be the things, the drivers next year as we continue to ramp up oil sands production ramp up, Lower 48 production and get to a full production in Gumusut, which because of the way the production recovery works there, had some really strong cash part and so you will see those all same, three drivers. North America natural gas probably won’t grow in our portfolio going forward. We could see a slowing of decline in Alaska, but overall that’s probably not going to cause margins to move significantly. So it’s really back to the same primary drivers that we’ve had this year, going to be drivers in 2014 as well.
Ryan Lance: With the same reductions in the gas side, so Europe, Lower 48, some of the lower margin gas, it’s not getting capital investment, Roger, it starts to decline since that mix that Jeff described in his remarks.
Ryan Lance: Yeah. And really with cash metric like that, we try to warn every quarter that that can swing up and down because incoming DD&A can be less than, I would say ratable through the year for different reasons. So we think it’s important as we go forward that we talked about just kind of how we’re progressing on more longer-term measures and just looking at it quarter-to-quarter.
Jeff Sheets: Doug, I think it primarily comes back to changes in mix, when you look at cash margins within that segment, and that's what we are trying to highlight with the slide. It just kind of shows year-over-year changes in production. You just saw a fairly large shift in liquids production that we talked about increases in very significant percentage related primarily to Eagle Ford and the Bakken, the biggest driver of that change.
Jeff Sheets: Yes, I think that's the overall mix. As you would have properly flagged there Doug, if you look year-over-year we basically had the same overall realized price. But the shift of production within different jurisdictions, which is kind of highlighted on that one slide we have, shows production going up in the Lower 48, up in Canada, up in Asia, down in Alaska, down in Norway, down in the U.K. So, up in kind of lower tax areas and down in higher tax areas. That has a lot to do with helping drive the cash margin – that and just the shift overall to liquids production over gas production.
Jeff Sheets: As we mentioned we prepaid a $2.8 billion obligation that we had and that was something that we incurred when we set up the joint venture back many years ago. The key for us is that was an interest-bearing obligation, it had about a 5% interest on it. You can really think of that being equivalent to debt. It was an obligation that we needed to pay over the next several years, and when we had as much cash as we have on our balance sheet just from a balance sheet management point of view that makes sense to prepay that obligation and save the 5% interest as opposed to leaving that cash on your balance sheet and variable return on the cash.  But the other thing we want to make sure we point out on that is cash that's moving into a 50% joint venture. So while it's a $2.8 billion outflow for us, that means that we essentially still own about half of that $2.8 billion. So it's more of a $1.4 billion net of outflow. So that does reduce capital that we'll have in the subsequent years. We did that primarily just from kind of a balance sheet management point of view of getting rid of an interest-bearing obligation and taking advantage of the fact that you would otherwise have cash on your balance sheet, not making a very good return.
Jeff Sheets: Yeah. I don’t think that data we got really at our finger tip right now. Directionally we are going to see the same type of things. We are going to continuing to grow more liquids production than gas production as we ramp up oil production in Malaysia as we continue to grow the unconventional that the oil sands continue to grow. So you will see lot of the same things in 2014. We probably have to -- I am not sure if we tap that information , that’s something we can probably give you more detail on…
Jeff Sheets: Yeah, I may add a few things and will see that quite helps. So if you think about where our capitals going in the Lower 48, lot of it’s going into drilling, lot of that capital is IDCs and which of course get very rapid depreciation. In Norway, you get rapid depreciation, in U.K. you get essentially almost immediate depreciation on new capital. So directionally you are right on all of those. The way that manifests itself in kind of our results is just what you see under deferred tax line on the cash flow statement. You’ve seen that that was a pretty significant source of positive cash in 2013, little bit less so in the fourth quarter than in the other quarters but there were some impacts that how the impairments in the fourth quarter roll through the cash flow statement, ebbs and flows impacts. You would have seen the similar number in the fourth quarter which you saw in the previous quarter. So it was a pretty substantial impact, positive to cash that will probably continue on in the 2014. But I don’t have the number that I can give you that you know exactly what that impacts are going to be. But that’s where it shows up for us, it’s – how much of it add back to your deferred tax and new cash flow statement.
Jeff Sheets: No. It’s not. The way we do a cash margin calculation is just simply a adjusted net income plus your amortizations, plus your DD&A and your dryhole cost and your leasehold amortization. So we don’t factor in deferred tax into that. So, if we take rather kind of simplified approach to cash margins and we do that because that’s the kind of metric we can have a comparison against other companies with.
Matt Fox: Well, Ed, this is Matt. It's really neither of those things actually, really what is the -- we’re focused just now on running a safe and efficient operation. We do want this economy to scale, we do want to get too far ahead of infrastructure. But the real reason is that that we’re benefiting from -- still benefiting from our cost learning curve and are drilling in the completions and that’s going to improve even further as we move towards spud drilling for most of our wells. So the cost learning curve and then there’s a huge technology learning curve ahead of us in the unconventionals. This going to improve the overall efficiency of these developments and -- in the years to come. So we see consistent redeem in the Eagle Ford with an 11 rig program and we do have the flexibility as you point out to change that everything that’s a right value proposition.
Matt Fox: Sure. I mean, I think, we’re making progress on all of the shale plays, clearly the Eagle Ford and Bakken are now in development mode, but we’re still seeing upside there and associated with pilot test that we’re running for looking at decrease in well space and I sort of alluded to that in my prepared remarks. And we’re getting encouraging results in the Permian, both in the Delaware and the Midland Basin and encouraging results in the Niobrara. And then, again, in Canada we have -- we’re still getting good results from our unconventional program out there. And we’re going to give you a lot more detail on this when we get to the Analyst Meeting in April, because we think we will give you sort of update on what we’re learning in all these plays and that I’ll take a bit of time and we’ll do that in April.
Matt Fox: Yeah. So we’re going to give you an update on that Paul, as we may get together in the April for the Analyst Day. That was a view of how production would be likely to move in the Eagle Ford. Our view has been changed. We were going to show you something that’s a bit more optimistic than that in April.
Matt Fox: The first quarter guidance Blake was 1,490,000 to 1,530,000 barrels a day for the first quarter and that’s really -- there is quite a wide range of uncertainty there because of the ramp-up of new projects that are going to be happening in that quarter. And this also would be affected by the downtime and the one of the Qatar LNG trends. So that was that the first quarter. And our full year guidance is basically unchanged from what we’ve been seeing at 1.55 million barrels a day for the year. And all of those numbers I just gave you exclude Libya.
Matt Fox: That range includes some uncertainty and any weather impacts that we’ll see for the remainder of the quarter.
Matt Fox: Yes. In 2014, we’re expecting about 20% more planned downtimes than we have in 2013. And we’ve got downtime I mentioned in the QG3 between seven in the first quarter. We have turnarounds in Prudhoe Bay in the second and third quarter, turnarounds in the U.K. in the second and third quarter. And a big turnaround to the Bayu-Undan field in Australia in the third quarter. So we are expecting the overall planned at 10 times to be above 20% more than it was in 2012.
