Clayton Reasor: Well, good morning, and welcome to ConocoPhillips Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. We'll begin by thanking you for your interest in the company. I'm joined today by Jeff Sheets, Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. In this morning, we'll provide a summary of our key financial and operating results for the fourth quarter and full year 2010, and as well as provide some outlook for 2011. As in the past, you can find presentation materials on the IR section of the ConocoPhillips website. Before we get started, I'd like you to take a look at the Safe Harbor statement on Slide 2. It's a reminder that we'll be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and Q&A. Actual results may differ materially from what's presented today. And factors that could cause actual results to differ are included in our filings with the SEC. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff Sheets to take you through our prepared remarks and presentation.
Clayton Reasor: Maybe it would be helpful, just as a follow-up, just talk -- characterize the reserve replacement announcement we made yesterday and maybe regionally, where those reserves are.
Clayton Reasor: I think you would be -- it's fair to say that we are starting to see some cost pressures in certain regions of the world.
Clayton Reasor: Yes. I think we had an announcement of the first cargo coming into North America. But we haven't really provided a lot on that, Iain. And I don't think we provide specific realized prices for the LNG that comes out of Qatar.
Clayton Reasor: Not quite. Well, I think we're close. But it's ramping up in production. I don't think we get to peak levels like at the end of the first quarter or midyear.
Clayton Reasor: Great. Thank you. We certainly appreciate the interest in ConocoPhillips. And you can get a copy of the slides and the transcript on our website. We look forward to talking to you soon. Thank you.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes. So overall, for R&M, it was about $60 million benefit. The international was improved by $110 million to $120 million, and the domestic was hurt by around $50 million to $60 million.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes. You're correct, it's a reservoir-related problem. As we've continued to develop the field, we've just found the reserves are -- some of the upside that we expected there is not there in the development, and the production profile is not happening at the rate we had expected as well, so you're correct.
Jeffrey Sheets: We haven't given out detail on our capital program for 2011 yet. We've said that it's going to be around $13 billion, and that's probably still a good number to work with.
Jeffrey Sheets: It's really hard to slice the numbers that way, but a good portion of it's related to the internal market environment, so probably 2/3 of it would be related to that. But...
Jeffrey Sheets: We did some of that work earlier in the year, Paul, as far as showing the accretion that comes from selling LUKOIL shares and buying ConocoPhillips shares based on assumptions on what we were going to sell the LUKOIL shares for and what the gains were and what we were going to buy ConocoPhillips shares. But we'll have to -- we can provide that reconciliation later. That might be something we do at the Analyst Meeting as well.
Jeffrey Sheets: So we'll continue to look at several assets for potential sale over the course of 2011 and really on into 2012 and 2013 as well. Whether or not we exceed the $10 billion number really depends on the values that we receive, that we see that we're getting for assets. So it's hard for us to predict at this time. I think we feel comfortable that we'll get to the at least the $10 billion number. And after that, it's really just a function of what we're seeing in terms of values.
Jeffrey Sheets: So what we said is that we would spend $10 billion in share repurchase over a couple of years. A lot of that funded by the sale of the shares in LUKOIL. I think as we see the year go on and we'll see how commodity prices develop, how asset sales develop, what kind of opportunities we might see for some additions to CapEx, we'll make judgments about how we might be adjusting the share repurchase program.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes. It's a good question, so maybe just I'll take a minute to talk about all the different things we have going on the organic growth area, and we can start with the Lower 48 where our focus is really on liquids-rich shale plays. We've talked a fair bit about the Eagle Ford, the Bakken, the Barnett. We have very aggressive development programs going on in the Eagle Ford in particular. The Eagle Ford, as we mentioned earlier, we're running 12 rigs now. That's probably going up to 13. We'll look to drill probably 140 to 150 wells in the Eagle Ford this year. In the Bakken, we'll probably drill 50 to 60 wells there on the things that we operate. The things that our partners are operating, we'll probably drill another 50 wells in which we have interest in. In the Barnett, what we operate, we'll probably drill somewhere between 30 and 40 wells. And our partners and the things they operate, we'll probably drill 20 to 30. So pretty aggressive program for development of the liquids-rich shale plays in Lower 48 during the year. We continue to progress on the SAGD projects. We would hope to sanction additional phases in our FCCL projects, on Christina Lake and Foster Creek this year. And we're continuing to progress our own Surmont project that we sanctioned in 2009. We'll see increased production from some of the FCCL phases that start up in 2011 and other -- and that's kind of a continuing increase as phases continue to come online there. We've got significant projects coming online in Asia, investments in Malaysia, which will start up in kind of the 2013 through 2015 time frame. We, of course, have the APLNG project, which we're progressing in Australia, which starts up in the 2014, 2015 time frame. And then we have, well, the QG3 project which we talked about which we'll see production increases in 2011 because we'll have a full year production from that asset. And then we will continue to reinvest in our legacy areas as well in Alaska, in the North Sea and in North America.
Jeffrey Sheets: Okay. Maybe I'll just talk about exploration and kind of what's ahead in the near term there. If you think about on the wildcat side, as we mentioned earlier, we've got the second well in Kazakhstan that we'll be drilling probably in the second half of the year. We have wildcat to drill in Indonesia. We've got a wildcat in Norway, which is kind of an analogue to the Jasmine discovery that we had in the U.K. that we'll be drilling. And provided things start opening up in the Gulf of Mexico, we've got the potential to drill the Coronado prospect there as well. A lot of exploration effort will be going into appraisal as well this year. We're working on the plans for our appraisal program for the Poseidon discovery in Australia. That will probably be a 2011 and 2012 program. And again, in the Gulf of Mexico, we had discoveries that we would hope to begin to evaluate and appraise in 2011. A lot of exploration effort will be going in to try to further delineate the shale plays that we have: the Eagle Ford, the Barnett, the Bakken, the extensions of those. We'll also be looking to do pilots on kind of emerging shale plays. And you'll probably hear us talk more about those as the year progresses. And then of course, we're always on trying to build the portfolio and get access to new acreage opportunities, both domestically and internationally.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, that's a good point. So as Clayton mentioned, so we had 138% reserve replacement for the year. And it came very broadly across our entire portfolio. If you look at the makeup of that reserve replacement, and there'll be more details about this when we file our 10-K later in February. 60% to 65% of that reserve replacement came from North America. But of the reserve replacement, about 20% or so came from oil sands between FCCL and Surmont. So oil sands were significant, but it wasn't the majority of the reserve replacement this year. It really came from a broad spectrum of projects across our entire portfolio.
Jeffrey Sheets: I don't have that split that way. We'll be providing more detail about our CapEx program at our Analyst Meeting or before.
Jeffrey Sheets: So for the year, we sold around 300 million barrels, and about 250 million of that came from the Syncrude sale. And the Lower 48 and Western Canadian sales are 50 million to 60 million barrels.
Jeffrey Sheets: It's came from our existing areas. It came from Prudhoe and Kuparuk and the Western North Slope, really a mix across those three areas.
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, just normal reserve revisions. We did have some positive price impacts as well in the Alaska numbers.
Jeffrey Sheets: No. We're not going to really be able to comment on the cost of the acreage, or we don't really want to comment on exactly where we acquired those acreage because you can imagine for competitive reasons we're still busy acquiring acreage in a lot of those plays.
Jeffrey Sheets: So we've been following an international arbitration process since our assets were expropriated. We had hearings on that in front of an international tribunal last year. We expect to hear -- have an initial ruling on that sometime later this year. We can't be precise. We don't know exactly when that's going to be. Once we get that ruling, there'll be a potential for an appeals process, which could drag the process out for another year or more. So we're continuing to proceed down our international arbitration process, and we expect to hear something later this year.
Jeffrey Sheets: 2011, we'll actually have a similar level of turnarounds to 2010. So overall, we expect around $450 million of turnaround expense in 2011.
Jeffrey Sheets: I think it's a mix of that. I think that's right, that's something that we could give you better color on at the Analyst Presentation.
Jeffrey Sheets: What we've said is that we expect 2011 production to be around 1.7 million BOE per day. That's excluding any impact from any additional asset sales that we might do.
Jeffrey Sheets: I think we can have some fairly significant swings in our working capital from quarter-to-quarter. As prices change, as our inventory levels change. so I think over time, our working capital, pluses and minuses, will tend to balance themselves out. So if you look at the year -- look at the quarter, it was a positive working capital benefit. It was positive for the entire year. We've had some years where it's been negative. So that is something that will move back and forth. A lot of the impact that we had in the fourth quarter was from inventory reductions. And we had an offset for that in the first quarter of 2010, and we'll build inventories back some in the first quarter of 2011 as well. So that will swing from quarter-to-quarter.
Jeffrey Sheets: We can provide a little bit of detail. We're generally not going to be giving a lot of granularity on exactly what we sold, which packages of assets for. But the package -- but the assets we sold in the Barnett were in the South Barnett, which is the gassier part of the play. And we are retaining and developing our interest in the North Barnett, which is the more liquids-rich portion of the Barnett play.
Jeffrey Sheets: Well, we would be interested in the Gulf of Mexico. Trying to pick up additional exploration acreage would be our primary focus. When we think about kind of the size of the opportunities, it's like in the $2 billion to $3 billion range and not something that would be much larger than that.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes, so our operating costs on a normalized basis fell from 2009 to 2010. I think as commodity prices increase and industry activity levels in different areas change, we'll continue to push to keep our costs flat and try to drive them down over time with a real target on keeping our costs flat or better on a normalized basis.
Jeffrey Sheets: There's a -- yes, is results from our development drilling there. So there's a bit of timing in that, and we booked some of the reserves for the project upfront when it was sanctioned. But then as we develop other reserves to continue to feed the LNG facilities, we'll be booking reserves in the future. So it's not a case where we booked the entire reserve base for the LNG project all at once. So you'll continue to see reserve bookings from QG3 over time as we continue to develop that field.
Jeffrey Sheets: It comes down to on a lease-by-lease analysis on what the breakeven for a particular lease would be, so we don't have a strict rule of thumb for that.
Jeffrey Sheets: We're around the eight or so thousand a day. And that will just continue to ramp up over time as we execute this drilling program we've talked about to where we would think over in three years time will be a 65,000 barrels a day, in that neighborhood.
Jeffrey Sheets: So even if you look at refining margins -- if you look at refining margins on a WTI basis for the East Coast, you'd get some really large numbers. But if you look at them on Brent, even if you look at them on Brent, the refining margins are still respectable in that part of the -- for those assets, so.
Jeffrey Sheets: I think we have some ability to move crudes around, but it's primarily a Brent-based supply to those refineries. If you think about Bayway and Trainer, there's really not a good domestic route to get crude. I guess you could move crude around from the Gulf Coast, but most of the crude that goes into those are West African and North Sea crudes.
Jeffrey Sheets: Yes. So maybe just some comments on downstream. So if you talk about -- so if you're looking at our downstream business today, it makes up about 24% of our capital employed. And we've said that we're looking at several options to try to take that exposure down closer to 15% of our capital employed over time. So that could be asset sales. It could be doing joint ventures like we've done other places or other types of transactions. But another thing to point out, though, is that most of our capital investments or 90% plus of our capital investment is going into upstream. So we're going to see that just that fact is going to help bring our capital -- our percent of R&M down as a percent of our capital employed over time. So while we're not really -- we're not planning to grow the R&M business itself, but there are strong assets in that. And R&M is a positive cash contributor to the company, even when you have difficult markets like we've had in the last couple of years. So having that in our portfolio does provide cash flow to help fund shareholder distributions and help fund our reinvestments in upstream. So as we think about this question of whether or not you spin out the business, it's really a question of do we think that that's the best way to try to create value for our shareholders long term. We think that really the way you create value is by increasing the underlying earnings and cash flow generation of the business, and it's not clear to us that a spin-out would really do that.
Jeffrey Sheets: I think there are some cost synergies that happened that the downstream business benefits by being part of a larger corporation, both from a capital access point of view, handling the volatility in the business point view and just from a cost management perspective. That would probably be a disadvantage if they were operating as a separate business.
