Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thank you, Christine. Hello, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings call. Our speakers for today will be Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; Don Wallette, our EVP of Finance and Commercial and our Chief Financial Officer; and Al Hirshberg, our EVP of Production, Drilling and Projects. Our cautionary statement is shown on page two of today's presentation. We will make some forward-looking statements this morning during the call that refer to estimates or plans, and our actual results could differ due to many of the factors described on the slide as well as in our periodic SEC filings. We will also refer to some non-GAAP financial measures today, and that's to facilitate comparisons across periods and with our peers. Reconciliation to non-GAAP measures that most closely correspond to the GAAP measures can be found in this morning's press release and also on our website. And then finally, during this morning's Q&A we will limit questions to one and a follow-up. And now I'll turn the call over to Ryan.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Christine, this is Ellen. We'll take one more call, just to be respectful of the time here – or one more question, excuse me.
Ellen R. DeSanctis - ConocoPhillips: Thanks, Ryan, and I'll go ahead and wrap things up here. By all means, if there are any additional questions feel free to ring into IR. Christine, thanks for moderating for us, and thanks to all of our participants. I appreciate your time and interest.
Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips: Thank you, Ryan. I'll begin on slide seven with adjusted earnings. This quarter Brent averaged about $50 a barrel, and Henry Hub about $3 in MCF, resulting in an average realized price of just under $33 per barrel. We reported an adjusted loss of $318 million or $0.26 a share. Year-over-year, adjusted earnings improved about $800 million. We benefited from a 15% improvement in realized prices and a reduction in exploration expenses. Sequentially, adjusted earnings improved about $500 million. Approximately $300 million of the benefit came from improved realizations, and $200 million from lower depreciation expenses. Depreciation expense in the fourth quarter was lower, and this was primarily a result of performance-related reserve revisions and the addition of new reserves. Fourth quarter adjusted earnings by segment are shown in the lower right side of the slide. Each of our producing segments showed improvement, and three of the five producing segments were profitable in the quarter. The supplemental data on our website provides additional segment financial detail. 2017 guidance is also provided in the appendix of the deck, and I want to comment on two expense items that are significant reductions from prior years: depreciation and exploration expense. We expect lower depreciation to continue in 2017. Our guidance for the year is $8 billion versus $9.1 billion in 2016. This may seem a little counterintuitive given the reserve revisions we announced this morning, however about 90% of the revisions were PUDs, undeveloped reserves, which have minimal impact on our depreciable asset base. Additionally, 2017 depreciation will benefit from the performance-related reserve increases we saw in the fourth quarter, and finally our consolidated volumes will be a little lower in 2017 but offset by higher equity affiliate volumes. Exploration expense guidance for 2017 is $200 million versus approximately $700 million in 2016, reflecting the wind down of our deepwater activity. If you turn to slide eight I'll cover cash flow for the fourth quarter. There's a full year of cash flow waterfall in the appendix but we wanted to highlight the fourth quarter as a better reflection of the current environment, and to demonstrate the inflection point message that Ryan emphasized earlier. As you can, see we continue to make progress on our cash allocation priorities. Again, this quarter we generated sufficient cash from operations to more than cover our capital spending and dividend. We started the quarter with $4.3 billion in cash and short-term investments. During the fourth quarter we generated $1.75 billion from operating activities excluding operating working capital. Working capital was a $200 million use of cash in the quarter. Proceeds from asset sales generated $900 million. We retired $1.25 billion debt maturity and accelerated the repayment of our term loan by $150 million for a total debt reduction in the quarter of $1.4 billion. Capital spending was $1 billion. We initiated our share buybacks mid-quarter and, along with dividends, returns to shareholders totaled a little over $400 million, and we ended the quarter with $3.7 billion in cash and short-term investments. One final comment, as I mentioned last quarter, at Brent prices around $50 a barrel, we would expect to generate about $6.5 billion of operating cash flow on an annual basis. Based on the midpoint of our production guidance, that's still a good marker for 2017. We're going to be keeping a close eye on this just like you. That concludes my comments. Now I'll turn the call over to Al for his comments on operations.
Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips: Phil, I'll jump in on the debt. I think what we said is that if you look at our maturities I think a $1 billion this year and a little more next year that we pay it down as the bonds matured. If we had excess cash flow then we would look at potentially accelerating some of that, and we certainly have a convenient way and efficient way of doing that with our term loan that's due out in 2019. But beyond that we're not providing guidance on what proportion of excess cash flow would we allocate to debt versus buybacks versus investment in the business.
Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips: Well, Paul, I think we'll stay with what we've got there. I think in the high 40s is probably the right way to think about our breakeven price going forward. And acknowledge that the fourth quarter cash flow was very strong, and if you annualize it you may come with a higher result – you will come with a higher, stronger cash flow result. But you do have to keep in mind the product mix that we anticipate as we go forward with consolidated volumes at least in the – over the next year declining and being replaced by equity affiliate volumes, and you're kind of in that range at $50 to $55 where distributions are pretty uneven and difficult. So I think we'll stay with where we are on our cash flow breakevens.
Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips: I could also add that we don't know what the future of stability of Libya is going to be that's why we always exclude it from our results, and so forth, or segment it. But if Libya were to continue as it is now without interruption, then that could generate between $150 million and $200 million of cash flow that's not included in the cash flow estimates or sensitivities that we have
Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips: Blake, you should be – those sensitivities should be good. I think we qualified them that they were sensitivities for 2017, and they were within a specific range of oil prices of $50 to $60. So once you get above $60 then we'll probably give you some different guidance that's going to be driven by the deferred tax.
Donald Evert Wallette - ConocoPhillips: Roger, the cash flow in the fourth quarter I consider really clean. We always look at our underlying cash flow that we don't publish, but what's the business – how's the business really performing, and that CFO ex-working capital, $1.75 billion, almost identically matched our own internal view of what the underlying business was. I'll mention the only add to that was really the realizations were a little higher than we would've expected driven by tighter basis differentials pretty much across the board. So what that means is that our cash flow sensitivities have embedded our own assumptions about product differentials, and the realizations that we're getting are reflecting improvements over our assumptions. So we're not changing our views of those differentials that are embedded in the cash flows, but as we go forward that provides a bit of upside to the cash flow potentially.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. Thanks, Neil. Yeah, certainly a couple of days ago we announced a 6% increase to the dividend, so what we're doing – no, it's driven by the fact that we've reached cash flow neutrality in the company; we're generating free cash flow. What we describe to our investors it was important, our second priority to grow the dividend; felt that was important to do, we'd reached that milestone. As we look at the market, we see some recovery in the market. We continue to, as Al said, operate really well and we'll continue to generate free cash flow as we go forward. So recognizing that priority, we're going to – we'll be growing our dividend, and that's our intention to do that. We're augmenting that right now with share repurchase as we generate the free cash flow, so I kind of view those together. We're going to target our 20% to 30% return to shareholders. I think we're at the upper end of that right now with respect to both the dividend and the share repurchase. We'll balance those two as we go forward. We're going to set the fixed dividend, make sure it's affordable and make sure it's sustainable through the cycles. So that's kind of how we're thinking about the fixed portion of our return to the shareholders combined with the flexible part through share repurchases. By the way, on the share repurchase piece, too, Neil, I'll just remind people we got started in mid-November after the Analyst Meeting, so that represented only kind of a half a quarter in terms of our – the amount we're trying to buy back over the course of the year.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. I think we're seeing a lot of interest. These are pretty high-quality assets, so we expect a lot of interest and in fact we're getting that through the data room right now. We expect to get bids in and have some decisions probably over the next couple of months with respect to San Juan.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Well, I mean, as we've said in the past, Phil, we're in the market. We look at all of these. We watch everything that's going on and we give our teams money to core up their acreage in and around their positions. Al described what we did in the fourth quarter up in the Montney. We had a unique opportunity to core up a fairly significant position that was contiguous to our acreage. We've done – we've been doing deals like that in all the big areas that we operate in. So that's nothing new to us. The hurdle rate is quite high in the company; it's got to compete on a cost of supply basis for us. So right now we don't really feel like we have a gap in our portfolio, so we're not out looking to build. We're building some new areas through the exploration channel that we're excited about, but we have a lot of undrilled locations to go drill. On your previous question, I might just add one thing to Don's response, too: follow the priorities. If we get free cash flow, we've already satisfied and grew our dividend. We're going to look to reduce debt on the balance sheet, and we'll look to increase our share ramp-ups from share repurchases if we think that's the right thing to go do.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. Thanks, Doug. Yes, it's really the journey that we've bud (27:04) on, getting the major projects up and running and the switch in the portfolio to the shorter cycle, high return, low cost of supply investments that we've got. I remind people that 30% or so of our portfolio doesn't decline for over a decade, and that allows us to reduce the capital burden to maintain and modestly grow the company which is why we feel very confident that we've got that capability to do that at the $5 billion-ish capital level. And then the proof point is exactly as you point out. We grew 3% last year and spent $4.9 billion of capital. So that's why we have confidence. We've exited the deepwaters, so we're not into that piece of it, and we've seen the technology and the innovation pretty apparent in our portfolio. So all of those things come together and it's buried in that deep 18 billion barrels of resource base that we have, and the journey that we've been on over the last couple of years, and we've gotten now to a place where low capital intensity in the company and it can support a very strong returns-focused value proposition like we laid out to investors last November.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Well I think it's a really good – a good question. We're spending a lot of time and I'd say probably not a little bit of private equity, I mean, a lot of private equity money chasing, certainly, in the Permian right now. And I think as we look at it, for us I guess where our focus and attention is right now is sort of on the re-inflationary pressures that you might see, and just make sure we've got a myopic focus on holding our margins and making sure that we keep everything. As I said, we're not going to chase prices up and down as the prices rise if we see a lot of inflationary pressures, which some of this activity and the PE guys are kind of driving right now, we'll spend really – pay really close attention to that. We don't have to chase it up and chase growth down. We've got a portfolio that we can make sure we do it right and make sure we're focused on margins and returns. But it is – we've got a close eye on it. We're wondering, we're watching the activity in the rig rates, and it's interesting. We're not sure what they're selling.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Well I think it's a little early to tell. We certainly hope the new administration, at least in terms of what they've talked about, is going to give us a little bit of regulatory relief, which is we think is good. There are some things that the last administration were proclamating that were a bit worrisome on sort of how it might slow the business down, both on the regulatory side and on the infrastructure side. We've seen President Trump make his decisions on DAPL and on Keystone, so hopefully some of that infrastructure will get moving that's needed to be there. I think a lot of uncertainty on the Border Adjustment Tax and its potential impact on how crude and other products move across the border, whether it's south of Mexico or some of the crude that moves down from Canada into the U.S. I think there's a little bit to be seen yet what that means. Does it get exempted or how are the details of that going to unfold? We're watching it closely, but I think it's a little bit too early to tell on that last piece.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. I guess it surprised us a bit to the upside. But in the heart of these unconventional plays, the cost of supplies come down. So – and we're still getting more efficient, and the technology and the innovation is still improving. So, yeah, there's maybe some pace at which people are coming back is a bit surprising, but the idea is not surprising in terms of the overall macro. The growers are protecting their multiple, so they trade on multiples of cash flow. So they've got to get on and run hard.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: And it's those projects combined with the momentum that comes out of the Lower 48 as we come through our profile, and the rigs that Al mentioned are running in the Lower 48 gives us a strong exit coming out of the year into 2018.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Again, our full year guidance, Doug, has been 0% to 2% production growth for $5 billion of capital. So that's kind of – you can kind of look at that trajectory and figure out where we exit the year.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. We haven't really talking – it's really highly dependent on the mix of the assets that we ended up selling, Doug. So we haven't provided any guidance specifically on the cash flow and the production. We'll update that as we go through the quarters and tell you exactly what the cash flow and the production impacts are as we sell the assets. But the timing of that, we're trying to move as quickly as we can, and it's really hard for us to sort of forecast right now what order those things might go out in and what the annual – quarterly or annual impact might be depending on the assets we're selling.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Well we'd look at each opportunity individually and then somewhat collectively as well, Paul. So if the guys come up with a good opportunity like we saw the swap that we did up in Canada in the Montney. If we see good opportunities like that in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken we're constantly looking. So the guys are doing 5,000 acres and 10,000 acres or a couple thousand acre trades constantly in our business both in the Permian, in the Bakken and in the Eagle Ford. So if we see an opportunity, absolutely. If it competes on a cost of supply basis and it can mold in and not just be additive to our portfolio but substitutive in our portfolio, we'll absolutely take a look at it. We're not letting those go, but we judge that against our progress towards making sure our debts are coming down on the balance sheet and make sure that we're giving an appropriate amount back to the shareholders. So we are putting all of those few things into the bucket and trying to make those assessments as we go through the course of the year.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Well, I think we've said it repeatedly at our Analyst Meeting stuff. Our R/P had been running 14 to 15 or so. We've been willing to let that drift down, and that's a consequence, as Al talked about, as we move more investment to the shorter-cycle investments. So I think we'll let that drift down a little bit, but it probably doesn't fall off the cliff or anything because, as Al said, we've got a lot of resources, and as we look forward in our plans over the next five years or so we actually average about 100% reserve replacement. So R/P will drift down a little bit and then it'll flatten out naturally.
Ryan M. Lance - ConocoPhillips: Well, yes. I mean, there will be – commensurate with the – like San Juan Basin. We've got reserves booked against that asset. So, yeah, as we see the assets and the disposal process work forward, we'll see the rate and reserve impacts from those as well.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, we just – Edward, if I just kind of summarize where we are in our Lower 48 activity. Remember on the last call I told you that we were still at three rigs at that point in time, but we were planning a ramp to eight by the end of the year, and be four and four in the Bakken and the Eagle Ford. And then we would start adding rigs in the Permian in early 2017, and that is what's happened; we did end the year at eight with four and four. And since the beginning of this year we've added an additional rig in the Eagle Ford, so we're up to five there, and we've added one rig in the Delaware at China Draw. We have a second Permian rig that'll be coming on in the next week or two that'll then take us to 11, and then we'll have additional activity with another rig in the Permian that may also have part of the year in the Niobrara as well. And we also plan to do some drilling in some of our Permian conventional this year. So we'll be in that kind of two to three-rig range in the Permian this year. As we've been adding these rigs, we've been doing what I talked about on the last call of very carefully checking the costs and going out into the market, seeing what kind of rates we can get, and seeing what kind of – how long we can lock for, and that's been one of the things that's driving our pace of moving back into these areas.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, I think that's certainly a possibility, that's one of the things that's driven our outperformance over the last couple of years, is that exact sort of thing. I think you've seen some of that across the industry, so it's a little early to predict that one. But we do – given the low number of rigs that we're running through most of last year, we do – we are going to continue to decline in our Lower 48 unconventional out through about the second quarter before we start to turn back up with these rigs that we've added as we get to more of a steady state at higher rigs.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. I think, Doug, you will see our traditional U-shaped production curve where we've got – it's really driven mainly by turnarounds in the second quarter and third quarter that will cause our second quarter to – and third quarter to be lower and back up higher in the fourth quarter. But I think that, that U-shape, I expect by the time we get out to the back end, to the fourth quarter, that we'll be at production levels higher than the first quarter. So it's got that kind of shape to it.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: And the major project momentum is a significant part of that. It will add probably 80,000, 90,000 barrels a day next year in 2017 volumes over 2016 from these various major projects.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, it should be in that kind of neighborhood. We'll get to those kind of quarterly projections as we move through the year. And of course, all these numbers are ex-asset sales, ex – don't have the dispositions in there, whatever those may turn out to be. So you got to be careful there with these numbers, but yeah, that's...
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: But – yeah, so that is the kind of shape that you'd expect in the curve, that we'd be up in that kind of territory by the time you get to exit of 2017.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay. There's two or three parts in there. I'll try and take them, Paul. First of all, as I mentioned earlier in terms of our additions, we had no project FIDs in 2016. It's those FIDs that generate those lumpy reserve adds from major projects. And so, really, that wasn't a factor in 2016. That 81% additions was not – didn't have any drive from major projects. So that's I think the first part of your question.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. And so it's not that we're not going to have any sort of these medium-sized project FIDs in the future; we will. And I think in years when we have some of those FIDs we'll likely move our way above 100%. If you look at our plan out through the next five years, we average around 100% but it's lumpy as major projects hit FID. But I think you're correct in your thinking that as we move more CapEx to these shorter-cycle unconventionals and you have a year when you don't have FIDs, this is not an unreasonable level to kind of expect to be at. And the second part of your question about does it matter? I mean, my answer to that is no; I think the important thing to really remember here is what Ryan mentioned earlier, the 18 billion barrels of resource base which doesn't change one iota from the things we're doing here on reserves that's got an average cost of supply below $40; that's really what we're busy processing. And then, of course, there's the other 27 billion barrels in our resource base that's above $50 cost of supply that we're busy using new technology, and driving costs down to try to move it below $50, that those are – and our exploration program, those are all feeding that feeder pool and that's what we're drawing off of. It tells you that we're not – despite a number like 81%, we're not getting ready to run out of opportunities to invest in any time many decades out into the future.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay. I'll start with the cost question. I would say so far – from what we've seen so far this year we would expect our 2017 cost levels to be broadly in line with 2016. On the call last quarter, in response to a similar question, I told everybody that we really hadn't seen any request for cost increase yet and I can't say that this quarter. I mean, we are starting to see some request for increase, some cost pressure in the Lower 48 in the last month or two as you've kind of seen the whole industry talking about. But in our particular case, there's three offsets to that, that you just think about in terms of how you think about how it's going to impact ConocoPhillips. One is that our international costs are still coming down. So if you look at our Lower 48 unconventional drilling, it's on the order of $1.5 billion out of the $5 billion that we're spending. So, really, when we talk about some of the pressure we're seeing, it's just against that slice of our $5 billion, that $1.5 billion. That's the first point. And that's being offset by still seeing some things coming down in the other parts to our business internationally. Then – and so that's the second piece, is that international offset. And then the third piece is that we have, as you heard me talk about before, done some locking of cost levels, and so we're benefiting from that as we go through 2017. We've got cost locks on various contracts that are on the order of over a year or less that will kind of slow down how we see some of this inflation as we go through 2017. So overall, with what we've seen so far, I think we're kind of broadly in line in 2017 with where we were in 2016.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: I would say in the Lower 48 unconventional space, so rigs and pressure pump and then cement and all those sorts of things, where as Ryan said earlier there's been a pretty – I mean, the pace that things are being put back to work is nothing like the pace that they came off in the last few years, but it's been steady. And particularly in the hotter areas, places like the Permian, things where – places where the excess equipment and crews have been taken up, that's where you obviously start to see some price pressure. So it's been a mix kind of across the board and some of it is geographic depending on how much is available in a given area. Then let me answer your other part on doing our fourth quarter volumes. So Eagle Ford came in at 143,000 barrels per day, Bakken and at 53,000 barrels per day, and Permian at 18,000 barrels per day. And the total, there's some other smaller pieces so our total L48 unconventional is 226,000 barrels per day for the quarter. I should mention that in those numbers we had a weather impact of about 8,000 barrels that was unusual winter weather impact across the fourth quarter. So when I think about those numbers – when I look back at what our projections were for the fourth quarter, we're actually spot on what we expected from our Lower 48 unconventional, except that we were down 8,000 barrels from where we would've projected, and that was really weather-driven.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: So on Libya, you would've seen in our numbers that we actually averaged 9,000 barrels a day net in the fourth quarter. If you look at our January numbers, we're producing more like – it's grown to about 12,000 barrels a day. So that's over 80,000 barrels a day gross now coming from Waha. I also said on the last call that we were having a lot of difficulties with damage at the tank farm and the loading port at Al-Sider. With the kind of production we were having, we might be able to get a first cargo before the end of the year. That that did not happen with the time it took to get everything repaired there. We have now loaded three cargoes just in January from Al-Sider, so as this production has picked up we've been able to load three cargoes. And that's an advantage for us because during those years when we didn't have any production we did establish a tax loss carryforward. And so now as we're picking these cargoes up, we're getting that cash flow back. So that's a benefit to us here in the quarter
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: And I forgot, Blake, I forgot to answer your question about CapEx pressure from Libya. If you look at what's going on there now, there's a lot of work just kind of in repair mode. You think about fields like North Gialo that were kind of the next medium cycle project we might do there; it's still way off. Things are not organized in country, and I don't think will be this year, to begin to spend any significant CapEx on things like that. I think it's going to be mainly basic blocking and tackling this year just trying to, in repair mode, trying to keep what we've already got online flowing.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. I mean, I guess, I would characterize the Montney at this point as we're still in appraisal mode. We've been quite impressed by our latest batch of wells and what they've done and the liquids mix that we've gotten from those. And so I would say that we've seen enough up there to see that we've got something that looks like it could compete in our portfolio. And so we're going to continue with that appraisal work, make sure we know what we have. One thing we haven't mentioned is part of that, some of that work that we did to pick up that acreage, we also did pick up some gas plant capacity, and that's given us a little bit more infrastructure, allowed us to – some of these wells, frankly, that we brought on have flowed strong enough that we need a little more capacity to be able to just handle the offtake. So we're – I would say that it's come on better than we might've expected, and now we're continuing to press forward with our appraisal plan, and that will drive us to figuring out what pace we want to put in infrastructure and develop that asset out. But I expect that over time you'll see that it looks like something that could compete in our portfolio along with – even against the Lower 48.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. I think, Willow is a very interesting discovery for us in the Greater Mooses Tooth area, out west of Alpine. We not only have that discovery but we were also able in both the state and federal lease sales in December to pick up another 750,000 acres gross; we're 78% across all this acreage in our ownership. And so we, really, we've stood up a team up there in Alaska to really do the work, the development planning work, to figure out what's the most optimum way to develop this new discovery. You could see it being on the order of 100,000 barrel a day kind of production rate that would be supported by just what we've discovered so far. So we need to think hard about how we move forward around infrastructure, et cetera. It's tough to predict timing because, as you know, the regulatory up there, dealing with the federal government has been pretty uncertain in the past on our other step-out projects. But I would say the earliest you could imagine bringing on a new round of things like Willow that we just discovered to be out in the 2023 kind of timeframe.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay. You're right. Every quarter, it seems like our operating groups have been getting more and more efficient and surprising us with lower costs that's happened on both the capital cost side and the operating cost side because you've noticed we've been lowering that number all as we went through the year; now we've projected an even lower number there for 2017. But the – as you look at what generated this latest beat of $300 million, basically we had said $5.2 billion in our guidance and came in at $4.9 billion. About 80% of that under spend is outside the Lower 48. So it's consistent with some of the comments I was making earlier about where we're starting to see a little inflation and where we're still getting more deflation. So we had lower costs in Indonesia, Malaysia, Norway, UK, Alaska; and we also had lower cash calls from APLNG which were driven by just the higher price environment that we had in the fourth quarter. So it really was not a slippage or deferral kind of thing but really continuing to drive down costs that drove that. We were able to do that, still grow the 3% production as Ryan talked about earlier, and still leave us very well-positioned on volumes coming into 2017. So I think we're in good shape there; it's not like there's been anything that we – there was no change in scope that really drove that. As far as how that goes into 2017, I just rely back on the comments I made earlier about what we're seeing in inflation so far. At this point, I think that we expect the overall cost environment to be similar enough to last year that we should be able to execute the plans we have in mind in these kind of – this kind of range of prices, in the $5 billion range again next – this year.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. So let me kind of paint a picture for you there to give you an idea of how that looks. As I said before, I think we'll probably hit the low point in the Lower 48 unconventional in the second quarter. If you look at where we'll end up, if you look at 2017 versus 2016 Lower 48 unconventional volumes, I actually expect we'll still be down between 5% and 10% year-to-year. We were down 5% in 2016 versus 2015. But if you look fourth quarter-to-fourth quarter, 4Q 2017 versus 4Q 2016, I expect we'll be up 5% to 10% in the fourth quarter versus the prior fourth quarter. But even that doesn't really reflect this rig rate. If I reference you back to our Analyst Meeting, we gave you that handy-dandy decoder ring – Ellen tells me it's slide 55 in case you want to check – but if you look on there – If you look on there at 11 rigs we'll average, actually, a little less than 11 rigs this year. But of course you have to get to steady state on the rigs, which we're certainly not at yet before you get the kind of things that are on that slide 55. But 11 rigs gives you between 10% and 15% compound annual growth rate in our Lower 48, in our big three, from the low point this year. So once we get to a steady state, assuming we do with that kind of rig level, that's what you should expect from us, is in the kind of 10% to 15% annual growth in our big three areas at these kind of rig rates.
