Ryan Michael Lance: Thank you, Matt. Well, we’re at the halfway mark for 2013, but more importantly we are in [the home stretch] of a multi-year effort to transform ConocoPhillips into a unique compelling independent E&P company. So let me also summarize the key takeaways from this call. Operationally, we are approaching a very significant inflection point for the company. We have several important milestones to achieve in the next two quarters and we should see good momentum coming out of 2013. We are building our inventory and delivering visible results from our conventional and unconventional exploration programs that will sustain our growth well into the future. Importantly, we expect to deliver our operational performance safely and efficiently. Financially, we’re committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet and that can provide our financial flexibility. We’re seeing the early stages of cash margin improvement, which should continue as our volumes grow and as always, we’ll maintain our focus on improving returns. Strategically we are delivering on our value proposition. We expect to complete our announced asset divestitures in 2013 and this will provide the financial flexibility to fund our investment programs, which we are on track to deliver volume and margin growth and our dividend remains a top priority. The bottom line, we’re committed to creating long-term value by delivering 3% to 5% growth in both production and margins with a compelling dividend. So I hope Jeff, Matt and myself have given you confidence that our plans are on track for delivering key milestones in 2013 and they will certainly position the company for very strong finish to the year and an exciting 2014. So now with that, let’s turn it back to the moderator and take your questions.
Ryan Michael Lance: Yeah, thanks, Faisel. So when we set up our plants last year we were thinking towards the latter half of the year, mid year for some of the transactions may be a little bit later. It looks now to us that we will probably; we will complete all those transactions by the end of the year. There are complex full country exits with respect to Algeria, Nigeria, and Kashagan, so you can probably appreciate the complexity that's their. But we are on track to finish those by the end of the year, which is what we have said all along. In terms of planning, we were thinking maybe a few of them would be done by mid-year, but they will stretch into, a little bit into the third and fourth quarters.
Ryan Michael Lance: So on the capital that we have talked about, it is impacting the discontinued operations. About half of the capital that we have talked about $600 million, roughly half, $300 million of that is due to those extending the dispositions, and but we’ll get that back through post closing adjustments on each one of the transactions.
Ryan Michael Lance: We don't sell our Eagle Ford crude as condensate type. It is a black oil that we are selling, so we are others maybe giving those sort of discounts we are not.
Ryan Michael Lance: Yeah, thank you, Paul. In terms of Canada, we’re continuing to look at the opportunities we may see a little bit before the end of the year, but most of what we’re trying to do in Canada will stretch well into 2014. I’ll be referring to cash again. You’ve probably seen the news. We were notified in early July by the Kazakhstan Government that they’ve elected to preempt on the arrangement that we had with OVM and we’re in conversations and discussions right now with the amount of Purchase/Sale Agreement and those are going quite well. So that’s progressing along.Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. I guess my understanding was that kind of in the likely order of events that would be first Algeria, then Kazakhstan and Nigeria was difficult to that I can guess. In terms of, it sounds like great – seem that’s fairly straightforward now they pay the same price that was [of the ONGC].
Ryan Michael Lance: The APLNG is in good shape. The project just now is about 45% complete and we are making good progress. We are still on track for starting up in 2015.Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And there was a cost review I believe which came through with Needham.
Ryan Michael Lance: And we reviewed that to the analysts the results of that to the analyst earlier in the year, and there is no change from what we described then.
Ryan Michael Lance: And as I mentioned, as you’re thinking about cash flow model and things like that, you should think of deferred tax as being like you’ve seen in the first couple of quarters of this year, that kind of it’s going to continue on because of it, where we are spending our capital dollars.
Matthew J. Fox: So, just to add on that a little bit. So back when there was more of a spread between WTI, Brent and LLS, our Eagle Ford oil tended to price between WTI and LLS, as that as compressed, it’s trading more towards the WTI type number, but still as Matt saying a full oil price for that product.
Matthew J. Fox: John, we are quite comfortable with the strategy that we have just now, which is a 11 rigs running in both the Bakken and the Eagle Ford, and we are running that in a pretty efficient way, just now we are well laying out to do that, that we are continuing to learn from pilot tests for example, in the Eagle Ford, and we are at keeping pace with the infrastructure development, so I think we are going to keep on that sort of pace for sometime to come yet.John P. Herrlin Jr. – Societe Generale: Okay. Last one from me in terms of virgin new players or newer players, Permian and Niobrara, should we expect to see acceleration there in activity.
Matthew J. Fox: Well, we have actually increased our activity this year. We’ll get three rigs running in the Permian just now, testing of that place in the Delaware basin and in the Midland basin, and we’re getting encouraging results there, but one rig running in the Niobrara, just now and we’re continuing to could test that fully across about pretty expensive acreage that we have so, we’re pretty active in both the Niobrara and in the Permian.John P. Herrlin Jr. – Societe Generale: Thanks I was just wondering if that could be incremental towards what that’s all. Thanks.
Matthew J. Fox: So the capital going into those projects in the Gulf of Mexico for example with no production, in Alaska, we were not assuming in our plans last year that we will see incremental production in Alaska; that incremental production will be tied to activity associated with SB-21, but we do have the capital flexibility to accommodate.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: My follow up Matt is maybe just on some of the well results you have recently on both the Bakken and the Eagle Ford. We are monitoring this doc and that looks like just in the last couple of months you have some pretty stellar well results. I am just wondering if you can confirm you’re seeing that in your production trends and if you can maybe help us understand if something is changed, are you drilling that particular area, are you changing well design, what’s going on in there now? Thank you.
Matthew J. Fox: Yeah, on an average that was going on here.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Matthew J. Fox: Other than seeing some fairly significant strengthening of the U.S. dollar versus the Australian Dollar which is probably mitigated some of the cost increases we thought we were seeing on in U.S. dollar terms.
Jeffrey W. Sheets: So, it was 65 in total that we put on in the quarter, but plenty of those were from the backlog and the backlog reduction.Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets LLC:  Okay. Where did your backlog right now…
Jeffrey W. Sheets: That is a difficult one because there are a lot of things that go into the other line. Maybe just a little bit of, kind of if you think about how to think about all the things that go into the cash flow statement for us overall. When we talk about cash margins we took a very simplified approach and just have net income plus DD&A and talk about that as our cash margin. But for us going forward deferred tax is probably a pretty substantial positive for us this year and probably us this year and probably on into next year. A lot of the other items on the cash flow statement are going to generally offset each other. You will see that cash flow from operations other line, it’s going to fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, probably for the year, that’s probably couple of hundred million dollar negative typically. In particular though, if you looked at the first quarter of this year and the fourth quarter of last year, those are unusually negative numbers and those were both results of some special items, which had positive effects to income, but with non-cash impacts, where the offset to that is in the cash flow from other lines. So I would say the fourth quarter and first quarter were pretty [unanimous] numbers for that line item and you should think about line items being more of a kind of few hundred million dollar negative for most years.Ed G. Westlake – Credit Suisse: Thanks very helpful. Thanks Jeff.
Jeffrey W. Sheets: Yeah, certainly their intention is to stay around that level for the next year or so. Yeah, and we’ll learn as we go. We’ll learn from our pilot tests and we may adjust that, but right now yes it’s for modeling purposes, that’s what I would assume.Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Jeffrey W. Sheets: Yeah, I think what we had said is like 7% increase in the underlying cost and the spent currency and that was looking like a 20% increase in U.S. dollars depending on how the FX goes and may not the 20% increase in the U.S. dollar basis?Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks guys. That’s helpful, thank you.
Jeffrey W. Sheets: Yeah, so really the benefit comes from just pretty much the cash margin benefit comes from where we’ve added production. And we’ve added production primarily in Canada, in the Lower 48 and in Asia, and those are all tax rates, which are less than our current average tax rate. When we do this cash margin calculation, we do a simple calculation, so we can have some comparability to other companies. So we just take net income plus DD&A, and call that our cash margin, so deferred taxes don’t come into, but we talked about, when we talk about cash margins.
Jeffrey W. Sheets: I mean the opportunities that we are looking at predominantly light oil opportunities with production similar to EPI to what we have just now. We also see opportunities in the heavy oil in Alaska, but that would be a bit further out and before we would see a significant increase in that.
