Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: Thanks, Ellen. Good morning all. I'll start on slide 4. I'm going to go quickly through this but want to add some color to a few of the points on the slide. Starting on the left, solid operating performance and higher oil prices have allowed us to continue advancing our strategic priorities. During the quarter, we completed our debt reduction program and achieved our $15 billion debt target. We've reduced balance sheet debt by nearly half since 2016. We're in a strong financial position now and we're happy with our balance sheet, so we don't plan to reduce debt any further. Achieving the debt target allowed us to consider additional shareholder distributions. And you've seen our recent announcement, where we plan to increase our buybacks this year to $3 billion. And going into 2019, we'll have a remaining authorization to repurchase up to $9 billion of shares over the coming years. This highlights our expectation that buybacks will continue to be an important component in addition to dividends of our shareholder distribution philosophy. Moving to the financial column, our adjusted earnings were $1.3 billion, the ninth consecutive quarter of adjusted earnings growth. But I want to draw your attention to cash flow. Cash from operations in the quarter was $3.2 billion. Cash flow has been running high relative to the sensitivities we provided last November. The main reasons are that production is higher than we projected and the increases in production are coming mainly from high margin, unconventionals that currently have no cash tax. Also, interest expense is lower as a result of the accelerated reduction in debt. So last November I gave you a reference point for 2018 that at $50 WTI, we generate CFO of about $7 billion, which at $65 WTI translates to a bit higher than $10 billion. That's turned out to be too low. So, we've recalibrated in light of our current outlook. The new reference point I'd give you is that at $65 WTI, we'd expect to generate CFO between $11.5 billion and $12 billion depending on differentials. The cash flow sensitivities in the appendix remain unchanged based on this new reference point. And if you apply these sensitivities based on forward prices using that reference point, then you'll see that it implies a CFO estimate for 2018 of over $12 billion. I think that the market hasn't yet fully appreciated the cash-generating capability of our assets. So we wanted to provide an update that better reflects the company's performance and considers the higher price environment. And by the way, just to refer back to our financial strength, based on these estimates, our net debt to CFO leverage ratio would be a little under 1. Moving now to the far right column, you'll see a number of our operational milestones achieved during the quarter. Al is going to cover these when we get to the operational review and also take you through the adjustments we're making to the guidance items. Let's go to slide 5 and I'll touch on the quarter's earnings. Sequentially, earnings were up almost 15%, driven by realized prices and partially offset by higher operating costs associated with seasonal turnarounds and maintenance activity. Compared to the year ago quarter, adjusted earnings improved by over $1.1 billion, primarily driven by a 50% improvement in realizations. The table on the bottom right side of the slide shows a comparison of year-over-year adjusted earnings by segment. The table demonstrates not only the strong benefit of our Brent linked portfolio, but also the benefit from having a large diversified portfolio, which mitigates the corporate impact of operational disruptions and regional market dislocations. If you turn to slide 6, I'll wrap up with a look at cash flows during the quarter. We began the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $5.5 billion. We've talked about the strong second quarter cash from operations. So moving to the right, the first red brick shows $2 billion of capital. And this includes the $400 million Alaska Western North Slope bolt-on acquisition. Next, we used $2.1 billion to retire debt, which achieved our debt target of $15 billion. We paid $300 million of dividends and repurchased $600 million of shares and ended the quarter with over $4 billion of cash and short-term investments. The bottom line, cash from operations exceeded CapEx by $1.2 billion. This free cash flow more than funded the dividend and share repurchases, which together represented a return of capital to shareholders of about 30%. Now, I'll hand the call over to Al to cover operations.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: Okay, Neil, how are you this morning? This is Don. I just want to address your first question on the math that I went through in the opening section. But, I think, in November what I was referring to, as I told you, that based on our outlook of $50 WTI, we would expect $7 billion of cash from operations. And so the new baseline I was giving you, moving the price up to $65 WTI. Now we're seeing that at between $11.5 billion and $12 billion, whereas if you had used the November reference point and applied the cash flow sensitivities that we published, you would have only come up with about $10 billion. So we've noticed that every analyst has been running low and we think it's because we've given you some guidance that's out of date and that's why we wanted to update that. So the new reference point, the new baseline $65 WTI, we should be in the $11.5 billion to $12 billion of cash flow. This is for 2018 that I'm talking about, right? And so that range is there because it's going to depend on the Brent-WTI differential. And as far as the anatomy, I mean, the company has been changing at a very rapid pace, obviously, a lot of dynamics here, but I'd point to production consistently running above guidance and to the point where we had to update guidance today, added another 20,000 to midpoint. So that's one reason that's driving the higher cash flows. The other is where we're getting that extra production. And these are the high margin unconventional wells. They're the low cost, the high netback. But also importantly for the time being and for the next few years, it's no cash taxes. So tremendous contribution to operating cash flows. And then the other area that's contributing is that we paid the debt down a lot earlier than we expected, a year and a half early. And so our interest rate has come down quite a bit and that wasn't built into – that acceleration wouldn't have been built into the previous reference point or sensitivities.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: Well, yeah, I can't give you guidance on the run rate. But you know that basically what our philosophy is, which is, one, we're making sure that we meet or exceed our targets on shareholder distributions as a percentage of CFO. You know that we want to be competitive with the majors on distribution yield and we want to be distinctive to the E&P peers. And you know the philosophy on dollar cost average and we try not to time the market. We want to be in the market at a reasonably steady rate over time. We bought back $3 billion of shares last year. We're going to buyback $3 billion of shares this year. But it really doesn't suggest anything as far as 2019. And we'll just have to see what the environment is. But I agree with you, Doug. I mean, at these current prices, we're generating a ton of cash flow and we've got these other things out there, like you mentioned, the Cenovus stock that we're not going to hang on to forever. So, yeah, there's going to be a lot of choices and a lot of opportunities going forward. You asked about the Venezuela situation. There's not really...
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: Well, like I said before, we intend to recover what's owed to us fully. And we're, as you've seen, we've been fairly aggressive and will be persistent in that. And I can confirm what the Head of PDVSA and the Energy Minister said a few weeks ago publicly that PDVSA and ConocoPhillips are in discussions and that's accurate. We are in discussions. But I really don't have anything further to add to that.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: Well, no, I don't think necessarily so, Paul. I think the 20% to 30% is still good, but we still kind of consider the 20% to 30% to be sort of a minimum target. We exceeded that by a great amount last year and there's a good chance that we'll exceed that this year. I kind of hope not, because that means our cash flow is even stronger than what I had suggested earlier.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: Yeah, Alastair, that is really hard to try to forecast. A lot of moving parts and especially prices. So I think the way that we're looking at it now, if you assume constant prices like 2018 prices continued going forward, then it's probably 2020 or beyond maybe 2021, 2022 somewhere in that range.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: Yes, Roger. So we ended up having the two dividend payments during the second quarter. I talked about the first one during the first quarter call because we didn't record it in the first quarter but it had been declared. And so it's just going to be a subsequent event, so I felt like I needed to talk about that since it was going to be a disclosure. So we had the $105 million and then we just had the $85 million later in the quarter. So a little bit under $200 million. I think – let me talk about the timing of the dividends too because they are designed around some of the financing obligations, the payments that we make, which tend to occur – they do occur in the first and third quarters. So that combined with when we're making tax payments really point us towards the second quarter being a dividend distribution period from APLNG and then the fourth quarter. So I think it's important when you guys start looking at the quarterly cash flows, you're going to see that $200 million or you've seen the $200 million in the second quarter. We won't see that at all in the third quarter. So that you need to adjust your cash flows for that. And then they come back in the fourth quarter. And, I mean, if prices stay where they are today then we would expect similar distributions in the fourth quarter to what we've seen in the second quarter. Now going forward, I do expect distributions to increase in 2019 even at constant prices. And the reason for that is that the joint venture has been pretty aggressive on the upstream side in particular this year in reducing operating costs, having a pretty significant impact there. So next year, we'll have the full year benefit of that plus we won't be offsetting some of that as we are this year with severance costs that are associated with the reductions. And then the other item is that we see the potential for being able to reduce the interest expense at APLNG as part of the project financing. And so don't know how much more the distributions would be under constant pricing in 2019, but they will be higher.
Donald E. Wallette, Jr.: Yeah, let me make some high level comments and maybe talk about the pieces as well. But certainly there's been no change to the philosophy that we laid out at the Analyst Meeting. Although the CapEx plan we laid out there, we clearly said was for a $50 world. So we are going to – we have been and are going to continue to see some inflation pressure, including the steel tariffs in the U.S., which is turning out to be a fairly significant item for us. We spend in the U.S. Lower 48 plus Alaska about $300 million a year on OCTG and pipes, valves and fittings, all that kind of stuff that's made out of steel. And coil hot rolled steel prices in the U.S. since the 1st of the year, up 26%, even though the input cost of the manufacturers of this steel haven't changed. And so there's been a significant move in the market. We've been somewhat insulated from that from our supply chain position but that is going to continue to grow on us going into next year. So that is one piece. We, obviously, haven't set our capital budget for next year. It's too early. And you can expect that we'll announce it in December. But there is going to be that continued inflation pressure as we're in the higher price world. In terms of the operated by others pressure, we – I mentioned earlier that we're looking at almost triple the spending this year on these ballots versus last year. We get the ballots in, if they look like good economics we approve them. That's what you want us to do. In the first half of this year, we've already spent in capital 50% more than we spent all of last year on Lower 48 non-operated activity. And so it is a significant effect. So there's been a big shift year-to-year. In terms of this year into next year, I don't know that I would expect the same. I think we'll see some – a number of those ballots have been in the Permian area. I expect those will probably cool off some. And so there could be some effects the other way. In terms of the greater efficiency and so more well completion costs, one option we would have would be to run less rigs. So we could accomplish the kind of volume – with the shift in the Dakota ring, we could accomplish the kind of volume goals that we laid out at Analyst Meeting that we said would take 11 rigs. We obviously could meet those volumes now with less rigs. And so that's an option that we'll be considering as well. So we're working on all that and we'll have an announcement December on what our capital plan is for next year but that's a little bit of color anyhow in the current thinking.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay. Thanks, Phil. I guess, as you mentioned, we did – I guess, back in January on the 4Q call, I indicated that we thought the Big 3 unconventionals and Lower 48 would hit an exit rate above 300,000 by the end of the year. And then on the last call, I foreshadowed that it looked like based on our latest vintages of completions and the efficiencies we were seeing that we were going to hit 300,000 considerably earlier in the year. And then what ended up happen is we actually had our first day over 300,000 was back in mid May. So we – both May and June were above 300,000. So it did come quite a bit earlier and really driven by all the things you hear us talking about in terms of improved efficiency and effectiveness of our completions. So I also said last quarter, when we were – in the first quarter, we were up 20% year-over-year on Big 3 production. And I told you I didn't expect you to be impressed by that and that really wasn't a number we were proud of because we had promised 22% or better. So, now, we're at 37%. Second quarter we were up year-over-year 37% on production in the Big 3. And I think that is a number I'm proud of. That number is more like what you should expect for a full year kind of number. I think we're going to beat the 22% by that much. So 22% to 37%, an extra 15 percentage points of growth from the Big 3 in 2018 is pretty significant progress I would say.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. So with the one rig that we're shifting, so we had six rigs. The plan that we laid out at the Analyst Meeting for activity in the Big 3 was an 11-rig program. And that plan was six rigs in the Eagle Ford and three rigs in the Delaware and two rigs in the Bakken. And so now what we're doing is shifting one of those three Delaware rigs to the Eagle Ford, so we'll have seven in the Eagle Ford and two in the Delaware. And so that will shift volumes a little bit as well, obviously, particularly as we go into next year. And we expect that the wide Midland differentials are going to last through next year. And so I expect that this shifting of that rigs, still totaling 11, will carry into next year and will impact our volumes. And we'll update on that when we set our plans for 2019. But, obviously, with this considerably higher growth rate that we've had, even just running the 11 rigs, you remember our Dakota ring from the Analyst Meeting is, obviously, getting ready to change again. We've had another year of increased efficiency and so that is allowing us to do more with the same number of rigs. And so, I think, you can expect that you're going to see a continued improving story there.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: I guess one more thing I might add that's a piece of the story is that you – we've talked about our different vintages of completions at the Eagle Ford. And when we laid our plan out at the Analyst Day last November that was based on what we call Vintage 4 completion of the Eagle Ford. And but we had just started using Vintage 4 in the third quarter of last year. And we can see, it was quite a bit better than Vintage 3. But by Analyst Day, we hadn't had enough runtime to see just how good it was. So, I think that is one of the key things that's allowing Eagle Ford to outperform is that the Vintage 4 completions are giving us better performance than what we had assumed at the time of the Analyst Day. Of course, we're now testing Vintage 5, so we'll see where that takes us next.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: We've drilled a couple of – we've completed a couple of Vintage 5 wells and the first one is going to come on production here in the next few weeks, so we don't have any production data yet. But it's coming soon.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay. Sure, Neil, I'll take that one. As I said, the $500 million increase to CapEx is all in the Lower 48. But it's not a sign that we're ramping up our drilling activity and our CapEx to take advantage of higher prices. I certainly wouldn't characterize it that way. We've maintained discipline on our operated activities and we really are exactly following the plan that we laid out at the Analyst Meeting in November. As our partner-operated ballots have almost tripled versus last year and as we've had more completions and more wells online due to our increased efficiency and our faster drilling times and as inflation due to higher prices has kicked in, we could have reduced our activity to offset and restrain CapEx and keep it at the $5.5 billion. But given that, as Don was just talking about, these are very good high-margin volume adds, this work and because we've been beating all our targets for all our priorities, increasing the dividend, reducing our debt early, above target on shareholder distributions, we're above target on improving our ROCE and our CROCE as we talked about at Analyst Meeting, and finally, given that our supply chain strategy has allowed us to continue to access our contracted services at acceptable prices, for all those reasons, we've chosen not to try to offset or reduce activity and we've allowed this 10% increase in the budget. So let me give you the pieces. The operated by others piece is $0.2 billion. And that's primarily in the Bakken, is the biggest area where we're seeing that. The increased efficiency and increased completions in wells online is also about $0.2 billion. And that is something we're seeing – I would characterize that as about two-thirds in the Eagle Ford, one-third in the Bakken. And then inflation, the last piece is only about a tenth. We're, as I said, earlier seeing offsets both from our supply chain strategy and also from our international business that are keeping that number quite a bit smaller than you might expect. Earlier in the year, we said that in a $10 high or a $60 world, we would expect an extra $200 million to $300 million of CapEx due to increased inflation. And, of course, we're in an even higher price world than that. But we've managed to keep it down to more like $100 million. And so it's – actually inflation is lower than what we would have projected with our models for this price environment.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, I think the Delaware – obviously, we still haven't gotten to a full manufacturing mode there and it's relatively early days for us. We don't see these big efficiencies going across time like we have in the places where we're in manufacturing mode like the Eagle Ford and the Bakken. But we view the price situation, the differentials there as a temporary situation obviously. And so we have flexibility and we should exercise it. There's no reason to try and spend money to grow production hard into that kind of headwind when you have the flexibility that we do. And when adding an extra rig in the Eagle Ford instead moving that rig to the Eagle Ford is, that is prime acreage we'll be drilling with that rig. And remember, that's less than $2 a barrel lifting cost and super high margin, so it just makes easy sense for us. The reason that we're keeping two rigs in the Delaware frankly is that we do have drilling that we still need to do to maintain our leases there. And we need two rigs really to do it efficiently, to continue to drill quad pads and still maintain our lease obligations, we really need to run two rigs. I mentioned earlier also that we have taken a fourth Permian rig. It's not Delaware, but we had one Permian conventional rig and have laid it down at this point and won't run any rigs in the Permian conventional for the rest of the year.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes, absolutely. And even with one less rig, I think we'll still roughly hit our production number for 2018. Obviously, it'll impact 2019. Eagle Ford volumes in 2019 will be higher and Delaware volumes lower than what we had at the time of the Analyst Meeting.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: ...because I – I mean, we have flexibility. This is money that is really bringing big benefits with it. And so we think shareholders want us to spend this money. Let me – maybe it would help if I talked about our 2018 volumes beat (00:34:14) and how that relates to the CapEx and to kind of tie those two together.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Since our original guidance during the 4Q call back in January for the year, we've increased 25,000 barrels a day on midpoint, so our midpoint's moved from 1,215,000 to 1,240,000 barrels per day. And there's just a few big pieces that kind of drive that. You know about the negative 20,000 that we have at KBB from the third party pipeline outage. That negative 20,000 is in – there's a lot of 2s and 3s and 4s but leaving those aside, the big numbers is roughly offset by plus 10,000 in Europe that you've heard me talk about before where we're having a good year in Europe on our base production there and our uptime. And about plus 10,000 from acquisition A&D kind of activity. That offsets that 20,000. So then that takes you back to zero. The plus 25,000 is all coming from the Big 3 really from the Big 2. It's plus 15,000 in Eagle Ford and plus 10,000 in the Bakken. And so you can do the math and see that we get a lot of cash flow from that extra 25,000 from those very high margin barrels. So where does that 25,000 come from? It's roughly a third, a third, a third matching up with some of the same reasons that drive our CapEx. A third of that extra 25,000 is coming from partner-operated, primarily in the Bakken. Actually the number is – we're getting about an extra 7,000, we think in 2018 from the higher OBO spend. And that number is held down by partial year effects. You're spending the money during calendar 2018 so you get 7,000, but we would expect to get about twice that amount of increased volume in 2019 from this extra $200 million OBO spend, so it's very effective money. It varies but generally speaking, these ballots, these partner ballots are typically 30% IRR at $50 WTI or better and so it's that kind of investment.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: And then on the next third is on wells online on the operated side. So this is the higher efficiency. It's about two-thirds Eagle Ford, one-third Bakken. We're getting about a plus 9,000 there from that extra $200 million that we're spending on completions. And we could – when we see we're more efficient, we're drilling more wells with the 11 rigs we could build DUCs. We could lay down a rig or two. But we don't think that's smart. We drill a well, we think you should complete the well. These are great wells, and so that's an extra 9,000 there. And then the last 9,000 or so that makes the 25,000, the last third, is really three. It's from the thing I was talking about earlier of the Vintage 4 completions in the Eagle Ford outperforming. All of that 9,000 is really coming from the Eagle Ford. So that's how you get the plus 15,000 in the Eagle Ford and a plus 10,000 in the Bakken, it's those kind of three effects.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, yeah. Okay, well, there was progress on the maritime boundaries. That part's true. And – but in order for Sunrise to move forward, the government is involved, there's really two governments involved in Sunrise still even with the new boundaries, have to reach an agreement to some kind of reasonable development plan that will be economic. And there – it is one of the potential competitors to backfill Darwin. But one of the two governments isn't interested in that option right now. And so Barossa has moved ahead, entered FEED about a quarter ago and is in the lead position for that Darwin backfill. And that's going to make it difficult for Sunrise to move into development anytime in the near future. It's – the way the government wants to develop it makes it a uneconomic project. And so something is going to have to change there before it's going to move forward.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yes, KBB in the new guide, volumes guidance we gave a little while ago, we're assuming that KBB is essentially down for the rest of the year that we don't get those volumes back. There could be – there has been steady progress on the repair work. And so, there could be, say, in the fourth quarter of this year some volumes for testing the line once it's – they're ready to get back into some kind of operating mode, where they have a test mode for a while. But we're certainly not counting on that. Right now, we're just assuming that we don't get any significant uptime out of that line between now and the end of the year.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. I mean, I think we'll address that as we get further in the year and get ready to put out late this year what our numbers are for 2019, so it's a little early. But I think the signs that I see, of course, its third party, we have no ownership and no control or direct knowledge really, we're just providing some technical assistance until we get some insights. It looks to me like it is progressing well on schedule to be back up by the 1st of next year. So I don't think it's a big risk, but there could still be surprises and so it certainly is a risk.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. It's actually up 20,000, Paul, versus the midpoint to midpoint from last quarter. And, no, we're not including anything. The BP deal would actually be about a plus 30,000 on a full year, if you included it. But that's waiting on regulatory approvals, which we are not assuming any volumes from that in these numbers.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, well there is the WNS deal, which one quarter ago had not gotten regulatory approval yet. We got regulatory approval in May. And so, we have included those volumes now in the year-end number and that's about a 7,000.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Okay. On the first question, I mean, the Eagle Ford is really – the numbers are driven by new drills, but we are doing some recompletions, particularly in situations where we do what we call defensive refracs, where we have an area where we have a pressure depleted zone and we're drilling a new child well next to a parent well that sort of thing. But that's not a key driver in the volumes beat (00:44:19), but there is some of that activity going on. And then on the Louisiana Austin Chalk we have a four-well – one rig four well plan for appraisal. And the first well we expect to spud probably in September. So, yes, I think it'll be well into next year, maybe the first quarter or maybe – might even not be by then before we have an assessment, have drilled and completed and assessed all four of those wells and have a report back for you.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah, I mean, we are getting higher IPs and when you get higher IPs, you typically get a higher decline rate early on also. But part of what we've learned from those wells that we didn't know back at Analyst Meeting time when we only had a few months of runtime with them is that we are getting a better overall profile as well. And so that's helping us with our production. That's the kind of thing that's driving that extra 9,000 barrels a day from the Eagle Ford.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Sure. Okay. Well, we start with the Bakken. Last quarter, remember back during our Analyst Meeting, we told you of the Big 3, the Bakken was the one we were going to run two rigs and try to hold it roughly flat at 70,000 barrels a day. And yet last quarter we came in at 82,000 barrels a day. So obviously it is outperforming. That's up 19% year-over-year for the Bakken production. And, yes, definitely a part of that is improved completion performance and faster drilling times. We've also made some progress here just recently on our well designs to significantly deke (00:51:08) another kind of step change down on the cost of our wells. And so the Bakken, that outperformance, 82,000 versus 70,000 is on the order of half of it might be coming from the OBO and maybe the other half is coming from the kind of outperformance. And some of that OBO is from OBO outperformance as well. In the Eagle Ford, we're up 42% year-over-year on the quarter. So it's really that Vintage 4 that I talked about having a significant impact for us. We're also continuing to drive greater efficiency there and are having more wells drilled, and so that's a key part of that Eagle Ford outperformance as well. The Vintage 5 will – could take us a next step up. We'll just have to see how that turns out. But all of this has given us strong momentum into 2019. With the extra 15 points of growth that we're seeing here in the Big 3, you can see how that's going to give us a really strong exit rate and carry us strongly into 2019. In terms of the constraints, we're not seeing anything with what we're doing, because we're in kind of steady state mode. And we even had a little bit of catch up to do on completions work in the first half and will actually have less for our crews running in the second half than we did in the first half. So we're not running in any kind of constraints in terms of our services. And certainly on the takeaway type constraints, we don't have enough production in the Permian for it to matter to us really. We're not seeing a problem in the Bakken. In the Eagle Ford, the issue we're getting into is that our production is growing so much faster than we expected. We have had to sign up for some additional export capacity, but there's plenty of third party available. We've been out in the market continuing to get great prices for that. And so we are having to add some additional commitments for takeaway in the Eagle Ford given the higher production.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, because it's – I'm trying to keep track of the four different questions that were embedded in there. That's why.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Yeah. So with regard to things like Willow and Qatar expansion, I mean, Willow is really outside the period that we talked about at the Analyst Meeting, which was 2018, 2019, 2020. So, Willow, we're anticipating a 2021 FID and that's when you would start to see significant spending. And so that's really outside the period we've laid out. We'll deal with that as we move forward on future period strategies. Qatar expansion on the other hand, we've been told by the Qataris that they expect to pick who their partners are going to be around the end of this year or early next year. And so if we are fortunate enough to get selected as one of the companies that participates in that, then I would expect some increased spending in this 2018 to 2020 period, so in 2019 and in 2020. And so that would be additive to the plan that we laid out last November in the period. And you can imagine, it's just hard to predict what those numbers would be. It depends on what kind of working interest we might get in the deal and that's really unknown to us now. As far as $300 a barrel and all that...
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Oh. Yeah. I mean at high prices, you're right in what you said. Our basic philosophy won't change. The way we think about it is the higher the oil price goes in the near term, the more likely it is that's going to come crashing back down soon enough. And so we do not plan to chase that sort of thing by running out and splashing out more rigs. That's not what we're staffed to do. It's not what we plan to do.
Alan J. Hirshberg - ConocoPhillips: Well, Pavel, actually our budget for this year, we had only planned about a half year of work in the Permian conventional. And we had that rig running at the beginning of the year and we've completed the pads that we were planning for it. We had – it was going well and the economics have been good even with the big disconnect on prices, so we could have kept running it. But just as part of our disciplined approach and with CapEx running hard as it is, we went ahead and followed the plan that we had and laid that rig down at roughly the midyear timing. And so it's not a plus or minus to our capital or volumes one way or the other. We do have some significant additional attractive work to do there and could put a rig back to work there next year if we choose to. But it doesn't seem like great timing. As long as the – that acreage is all held by production and as long as we have the blowout in DIFs, it doesn't seem like a particularly opportune time to go do that. We'll probably exercise our flexibility and maximize our value by putting a rig like that back to work when the takeaway problem has been solved.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. My follow-up, if I may, is, first of all, as Andy (00:29:51) will tell you, I'm going to take exception with Don's comment about every analyst in the cash flow. My numbers no longer look stupid, so thank you for that.
Doug Leggate: Yes. It's really because you've got organic cash flow, but then you've got this Cenovus stock and then you've got potentially settlements in Venezuela.
Doug Leggate: And then, obviously, it looks like there's a wall of cash potentially over the next two or three years if oil prices stay at these levels.
Doug Leggate: Yeah, I don't want to hog the call but, obviously, there's been some, obviously, a lot of news around this and more to come probably. I don't know if there's any realistic chance you get any cash from that in the near term, but your perspective would be appreciated.
