Ryan M. Lance: Thanks, Jeff. And if you could turn to Slide 19, I'll try to wrap up a little bit. I think the takeaway that we'd like to have for you all for today's call is that the business is running well, and our plans are on track. The spinoff of Phillips 66 was a big milestone for the company, and it successfully launched ConocoPhilips as an independent E&P company. Operationally, we had a strong quarter, and that part of the business is delivering on our expectations. Certainly, our focus will remain on returning value to the shareholders through our dividends, and by executing on our major projects, our exploration programs and our asset sales. The asset sales are important because they generate proceeds that help fund our high return growth projects. And we certainly will keep a close watch on the macroenvironment and we believe the investments that we're making today are going to position the company to deliver on our long-term value proposition of 3% to 5% growth in production and margins, with improving absolute financial returns and combining a sector-leading yield. So that wraps up our summary that we had today, and look forward to the questions from the audience.
Ryan M. Lance: No. The consensus cash from operations is not the $40 billion. We think per year it's in the $12 billion to $14 billion range.
Ryan M. Lance: Yes, so you add the $6 billion of cash on hand, plus what we expect to get from asset dispositions, is what adds up to the $40 billion, Faisel.
Ryan M. Lance: Yes. Certainly, I think our strategic intent, we talked about is delivering 20%, 25% of our cash flows back to the shareholder, primarily through the dividend channel. And so as we grow our production, grow our earnings, grow our cash flows, that 20% to 25% is intended to grow as well.
Ryan M. Lance: Yes, certainly if -- so we've seen some drop off here from branded $120 down to arguably $100 reductions over the last -- through this last quarter. We still think Brent's in the $90-ish, $100 range is probably reasonable over the short-term. But if we saw some cycling down of prices and we felt like they were going to be here for 2 or 3 years, we would make adjustments to our capital program. We're doing some of that through our disposition process and -- but we've identified some high capital-requiring assets that we would like to dispose of. We've got capability to throttle back on some of our exploitations and in -- across all of North America, really across the whole global portfolio, and we would look at that as well. We want to continue some of our, what we think are the high-quality, high-margin, high return major projects. We're not going to whipsaw some of those right now, being some of our ones in the North Sea at, in Norway, the U.K., Malaysia, some of those we'd like to continue going. But we've got some optionality and in the portfolio, if we saw lower prices, we're going to persist for 1 year or 2.
Ryan M. Lance: Well, we completed the $5 billion that we said we would fund through the first half the year. Our priorities have just kind of shifted with some of the reductions in the commodity prices that we've seen over the last quarter. So as we look out ahead, the asset sales and dispositions will be used to help fund our capital program. If we end up getting an increase in dispositions above kind of what we're forecasting, or if commodity prices ramp back up a little bit, then that would leave room for us to consider more share repurchase.
Ryan M. Lance: Yes. I think as we look forward over the next -- right now, we would think that our capital expenditures in 2013 are going to be in the range of $15 billion. And that includes, as you mentioned, a fairly -- a continuation of the aggressive investment levels we're doing in the Lower 48 and in the resource plays.
Ryan M. Lance: Yes, Ed, we're -- we talked a little bit about that in terms of the 2012 capital that we see clarity on for the rest of the year and part of that is spending a fair amount of infrastructure to help our realizations and make sure we can move the product where it's getting bottlenecked and make sure we can get it sold. So we're doing a fair amount of that where it makes sense, where there's competition and where we can get to third parties for a reasonable cost, we will do that. But we're also focused on spending our own capital if we need to build our own infrastructure to make sure that we're maximizing the realizations.
Ryan M. Lance: Well, none that we would -- that I think we can disclose today, it's all a pretty competitive position. We want talk a little bit about of the Mancos because, obviously, we've got a lot of that acreage held by production. So we're still studying that and hope to have results later this year.
Ryan M. Lance: No, we think that that's -- as we look at the portfolio, look at the opportunities that, look what we've added in the North American on conventionals, we look out over time and $15 billion feels like a pretty reasonable kind of capital figure, if that -- if commodity prices hang in at kind of today's level or even a bit softer.
Ryan M. Lance: Yes. I know we have seen some announcements. When we came out, we felt like all along, Arjun, that 1 Train project or a 2-train project in Curtis Island was about $20 billion. That was our estimate a couple of years ago, and we're -- we haven't seen anything to think that, that would be any different. I think the, we -- I think the other projects are just now realizing what it's going to cost if the -- on Curtis Island.
Ryan M. Lance: Yes, might have to get back with you on the specifics with that, but I -- we would think we're running today a 3, 4 rig program, and feel like we've got, with the efficiencies that we're gaining and the number of wells we're drilling on a daily and a monthly basis, we're ramping up the well count in front of the start up of the first train. So when the first train's ready to come online in 2015, we'll have the supply ready to go. And then we're continuing to drill because 6 to 9 months later, the second train will come online so we continue to drill and have the Upstream capacity available for that.
Ryan M. Lance: Yes, I think we're probably uniquely positioned there, because we're selling over 200 million a day to the domestic market today, and we've got the ability to dewater wells and throw wells into the domestic market in knots. We've got a lot more flexibility to be able to manage our available capacity on the front-end to make sure when the plant's ready to go, that we can deliver the gas to the plant.
Ryan M. Lance: But it is -- then the issue there is the reason you've seen us dilute from our -- are willing to sell equity to a marketing entity to purchase a portion of the project and our willingness to be able to do that and that's caused us to go from the 50% down the 37.5%, and we're looking for -- probably some opportunities for some further dilution at APLNG.
Ryan M. Lance: I think we're looking in Angola the end of 2013, early 2014 for a well. We're in the middle of capturing 3D seismic. I think we pretty much completed our initial program in Bangladesh and we'll get that data in, so that well is probably pushed out. The other one I would probably point out in terms of impact is we're kind of at front end of our Poseidon appraisal program in the Browse Basin of Australia, but that will be a, probably a year-long, 5 or 6 well program.
Ryan M. Lance: Well the, yes, I know we continue to get some of those questions, Doug. I just remind everybody, we, when we came out in April and we described that a little bit, were trying to describe what current prices were and how the margin of an improvement. The important part is this, we look at the portfolio, and we look at where we're investing the money, whether you pick $120 or $100 or $90 oil or $80 oil, our margin is going to improve on a flat price basis, and we believe the 3% to 5% is coming at a flat price. So it's not reliant on $120. So as we look at our plans today, and we look at the investments that we're making relative to the existing portfolio, our margins are going to be improving over the next 3 to 5 years, and we -- the absolute production growth and the margin growth is coming. And we're investing in things that are changing the mix in the portfolio, and are changing the tax burden on the company as well.
Ryan M. Lance: It is. I mean, that number reflects our current estimates with the way the market looks now on the Australian dollar, but -- and that continues to be, like with the other projects, that continues to be one of the larger exposures we have on the project is, is if there is a further weakening of the U.S. seller relative to the Aussie dollar.
Ryan M. Lance: No, I wouldn't say that. I'd say that we feel like the numbers that we had out there now still has contingency in them.
Ryan M. Lance: Yes, certainly, Paul, we expect, over time to be more than replacing the production. So we haven't come out and said exactly what it is, but it's -- clearly targets over 100%. It'll be lumpy and there'll be years when it probably dramatically exceeds it, and years when it will be right at it.
Ryan M. Lance: I don't think about, Paul, trying to hold RDP flat. In fact, as we shift our investments in some of these higher-margin, the profile of the some of these investments, I actually expect our RDP will go down a little bit over time, not a lot or not, but will trend down versus trying to trend flat.
Ryan M. Lance: Well, we, yes, we've got quite a bit of activity going on as Jeff described earlier, we have 6 or 7 rigs running in the Permian basin and those are all targeting some of the existing conventional opportunities that we have. But largely focused on the unconventionals. It's mostly liquids investments in all of the Permians, so we're active in piloting and drilling both the Wolfcamp and some of the other plays in the Permian basin. So yes, we're pretty active there right now.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So what we find is that over the second half of 2012, that the project financing and the fact that the additional interest that Sinopec is going to acquire as part of the final investment decision on the second train will fund most of the -- most of our capital requirements for the balance of the year. And then we'll see lower capital requirements on APLNG as primarily related to project financing next year as well.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, I think we've experienced over time too, is that as prices come down, the activity levels come down across the industry. You'll get the same amount of scope done for a lesser amount of money as well.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: If you looked at -- had we disposed of kind -- a rough range, yes, if we would dispose of everything that was on our -- that they were contemplating as asset dispositions as of the beginning of this year, probably would have taken $1 billion to $1.5 billion of capital out of our -- out of this year's capital program.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, the project financing that was completed was the agreements were signed back in the second quarter is an $8.5 billion project financing, so it's so roughly 40% of their requirements.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Well, the repayment of the financing happens over a long period of time, so as soon as APLNG starts stuff, it will start paying out a dividend.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No. I mean, it's going to be part of what gets funded overall with the project, so when we start up we will begin to make distributions.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: I think APLNG will be accretive to overall returns in the long-term, but it will be a challenge to our overall returns in the near-term. And that's pretty consistent with all long-life projects where you end up putting a lot of capital on the books upfront and then you get that back over a long a period of time. So it's probably not accretive in the short-term. It will be accretive in the long-term.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So if I may, a couple of clarifications there, Doug. So the 8% to 10% IRR is not what you would have at $120 oil price. And we seem to be doing much better than that, $120 oil price. So when we talk about margins, we're talking about cash margins. So when the APLNG starts up, you're getting a significant return of, you're getting a return on your capital, you’re getting your capital back as well. So the cash margins is going to be pretty robust on that project, kind of regardless of what price environment that we're in. So that those -- that will be a significant source of cash for us upon start up.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: From a production standpoint, like we said before, it would depend upon the mix, because there is a, in that $8 billion to $10 billion is a mix of assets that are currently producing and currently not producing. So impacts on current production are probably in the 50,000-barrel a day type range, and depending upon the mix, it could vary from plus or minus 25,000 barrels a day on either side of that. Then cash flows, I don't think I have a number that we can throw out to you on that.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: It's a one -- that is a one-time charge of around $175 million, and that just really reflects the fact that when the U.K. increased tax rates earlier, or it was last year, up to around the 62% range, they said they might be coming out later with some restrictions on how much you could deduct on abandonment obligations. What they've done that now, and said that only 50 -- you only get 50% tax relief on abandonment obligations. That mark of our deferred tax liability down to reflect that change is what the $175 million should be. So it's to be a onetime special item type event in the third quarter.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: There could be some, no, no, no, there isn't, because it's just -- that's just a -- that's a before tax item.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So NGLs, as we've pointed out, are around, globally, about 9% of our production and the Lower 48 and Canadian portion of that is like 6% or 7% of our production. As we look across over time, if you roll the clock forward several years, our NGL production, we would anticipate to be relatively flat and with our growth is going to be coming from crude oil production. So we don't have increasing exposure to NGLs going forward. I think we see that the market is going to be fairly soft, particularly for ethane in the near term, which is what's really driving down the overall price of NGLs. And -- but that will get solved with all the capacity expansions that you're hearing, talked about in the chemicals side of the business right now. So we don't think it's a long-term phenomenon, but that kind of low NGL price is going to attract additional investments.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So we do include -- we think about that number as a 2012 and 2013 number. The farm down on APLNG ends up being a contribution into the joint venture, so it's not an asset sale, so.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Well, I mean, as I look at the portfolio, I'd say we're more after low-cost to supply opportunities, whether that's gas or oil, where we can make a competitive rate of return within our portfolio. As I look at that today, you see are heavily focused on unconventionals in North America because we see a lot of opportunity that are working well. We've got a great position, and so, large part of our investments are going there. But internationally, I'd say as we've -- as you see from our exploration, we're growing our deepwater position, and that's not only in the Gulf of Mexico, but also Angola and the subsalt opportunity there, Bangladesh, we're offshore Sabah island in Malaysia, so you'll see some things that we're doing in the deepwater. We think the liquids-focused deepwater investments make a lot of sense. So I think as we think about it, going around, it's really opportunity by opportunity but looking for a good low-cost to supply and looking for areas. So even playing the Barents Sea in Norway makes sense to us right now, and you've seen us capture some acreage positions up there. So I, we -- in terms of holes, don't think we have a hole that we're really trying to plug. We're just really focused on value and focused the returns and making sure that what we do go after and capture competes well within our existing portfolio. As you said, we're largely OECD today, so we can take on a little bit more risk in terms of political risk and something like that if we think the returns are going to be competitive.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: A couple of things for me. When you did the separation, Ryan, you projected or you laid out all these projections, there was one point that we're assuming $120 Brent at that time. The margin improvement assumption of 3% to 5%, I guess, had that as a backdrop. If you have to reset, I'm guessing why haven't you reset your assumptions to what the futures curve looks like right now, and would that change the margin improvement? That's my first question.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: What I'm trying to figure out, Jeff, is well, can you share with us what commodity assumption does equate to 8% to 10?%.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: Okay. Final one then for me is on the disposals, the $8 billion to $10 billion, can you give us some scale of production and cash flow associated with those? And I'll leave it at that.
