Donald Evert Wallette: Thanks, Ryan. I'll start with our first quarter adjusted earnings on slide eight. As Ryan mentioned, we had a strong quarter operationally, but low commodity prices continued to dominate the quarter's financial results. We reported an adjusted net loss of $1.2 billion, or $0.95 per share, with realized prices down 20% sequentially and 38% year-over-year. First quarter adjusted earnings by segment are shown in the lower right side of the slide. Our segment-adjusted earnings are roughly in line with expectations. The supplemental data on our website provides additional financial detail. The only notable item to call out this quarter is in the lower 48, where earnings were negatively impacted by approximately $70 million, as a result of a dry hole at the Melmar prospect in the Gulf of Mexico. A couple of other items of note, while we have lowered capital guidance, we are not changing any other guidance items at this time. This includes operating expense, which ran light to expectations this quarter. We expect to give you an update at midyear. Also, we've updated our sensitivities in the appendix of this deck. We changed Henry Hub to reflect the impact of last year's asset sales and WTI to reflect production decline in the lower 48, due to reduced drilling activity. Turning to slide nine, I'll cover production. First quarter production averaged 1.578 million BOE per day, which was the upper end of guidance, reflecting increased ramp at APLNG and better performance across the portfolio. Last year's first quarter volumes were 1.61 million BOE per day, but after adjusting for dispositions, first quarter 2015 volumes would be 1.54 million BOE per day. As a reminder, the majority of those dispositions were natural gas properties, so as a result, North American gas represents only 19% of our overall production this quarter, compared to 24% in the year ago period. Continuing through the waterfall and netting out the differences in downtime, we saw an underlying increase of 34,000 BOE per day, or 2%. That increase came primarily from APLNG gas and Canadian bitumen, partly offset by a decline North American gas. This gets you to 1.578 million BOE per day of production for the quarter, so underlying performance is strong. If you turn to slide 10, I'll cover the cash flows during the quarter. We started the year with $2.4 billion in cash and generated $700 million from operating activities, excluding working capital. Working capital was an offset of about $400 million in the first quarter, but we expect it to be a wash for the full year. During the quarter, we received about $100 million of net proceeds from dispositions. Net debt increased by $4.5 billion, and capital spending for the quarter was $1.8 billion, which we expect to be the high watermark for the year. After dividend payments of $300 million, we ended the quarter with $5.2 billion in cash and short-term investments. It was a tough quarter financially, but we ended the quarter with a significant amount of cash on hand and strong liquidity to manage through the price environment. We can't do much about prices, but the key is to continue executing the business well and we're doing that, as you'll now hear from Al.
Donald Evert Wallette: Yes, Doug, we're trying to send a very clear message that we don't want to be carrying balance sheet debt of nearly $30 billion. And so, this is the reason why we set a very clear, specific goal to bring that down to below $25 billion. We think for a company our size and diversity, we're comfortable with the coverage provided across a range of mid-cycle prices with that level of debt.
Donald Evert Wallette: No, we're targeting going down to a specific debt level, and that sort of has an implied debt to cash flow type multiple, depending on what sort of mid-cycle price you want to look at.
Donald Evert Wallette: Yes, sure, Doug. I think, obviously, that these product prices that we're at now, we are not in a tax-paying position. So the sensitivities as you would've applied them a few years ago to try to convert from net income to cash flow, no longer apply. So the simplest guidance that I can give you is just take those net income sensitivities and gross them up for the tax impact. So, if you divide by 0.6, then that will make a conversion, as long as we're not in a taxpaying position.
Donald Evert Wallette: It's not – this is a very complex question because we are operating in so many different tax jurisdictions – and it depends a lot on the price path that you take to get to that number. It's going to be different all across the company, but I think in general terms, $60 is probably a pretty good guess overall for the corporation.
Donald Evert Wallette: Well, this is a medium-term priority that we see occurring over time as prices recover. We do have a good cash balance; we're looking at using some of our cash balances to reduce our debt balances and you may see some of that activity as early as the current quarter. And then come October this year, we've got a maturity of about $1.25 billion, and so that will provide another opportunity, but that's something that we'll look at later in the year, and that'll depend quite a bit on our financial position at the time, how much leverage we're comfortable carrying and probably most importantly, our outlook on product prices over the short term, over the next year or so.
Donald Evert Wallette: Well, I'll try to address the question about the volumes coming out of the equity affiliate. So, in this year at these prices and with the capital plans within those equity affiliates, we're actually making cash injections into the equity affiliates. We're not pulling cash out. There are no distributions. So from a margin standpoint, that's not going to be accretive to our consolidated margins.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP: Evan, this is Al. I will take that one. I guess, first I should say that as I said earlier, we don't have any plans to add any rigs beyond the three that we're running in the lower 48 in 2016. And of course, we haven't set our 2017 budget yet, so haven't determined how many we would run there. But overall, I would say that there is no set spot price that we're trying to watch as a trigger to start adding back activity. We'll be looking at the entire macro environment, looking at supply and demand fundamentals of whether we think that any price action that we get is actually sustainable or not. And then as prices do come back, our first priority is going to be to strengthen the balance sheet, reduce our debt. And then even after that, we recognize that adding capital for organic growth is going to have to compete with other things on our list, like for example, per share growth. So, we're not in a hurry to say there's some price trigger where we're going to add back capital.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP: Yes, if you look at the overall decline for say full-year 2016 to full-year 2015, we expect it to come in around 10% with the rigs that we are running – with the three rigs.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP: Okay. The 0.7 billion of reduction, just about half of that as I mentioned earlier comes from the reduction that we're taking earlier on deepwater Gulf of Mexico by have not drilling Horus and Socorro. The next biggest item after that, actually, is additional deflation beyond what we had already assumed in our numbers. And then beyond that, it's all smaller things around the world in different places, APLNG, China, Indonesia with some small reductions. APLNG is a joint venture because we've got some extra cargoes over what we'd anticipated because the plant's running so well. That extra revenue has us putting a little less cash in there. So it's smaller things like that that add up to the rest of that to get us to that $5.7 billion. So none of those things are going to have any impact on 2016 production, and only a very tiny impact on 2017 production, some those small deferrals. As far as the way you think about how much CapEx it takes to stay flat, the only thing on that list that might impact that a bit is just the deflation. We're still in that $5 billion to $6 billion range of what it's going to take to stay flat. Over a long period of time – Ryan talked about 10 plus years in our resource base that we – in a $5 billion to $6 billion real kind of capital per year that we can hold production flat.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP: Yep, Phil. That's exactly right. The $2 billion is what we were talking about before and with the step down, that number is now about $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion, it's in that range of roll-off from 2016 to 2017, so that's still there. You can roughly think of that about that about $1 billion of it is from APLNG and FCCL and about $0.5 billion from the deepwater. But then there are some offsets in our base plan. We have some of these mid-cycle sized projects that we have executing that are going to be bringing us volumes over the next few years that are in a phase in their life where their capital is actually going to be increasing 2016 to 2017, and that's close to $1 billion. So that's things like a Bohai Phase 3 in China, Clair Ridge, GMT1, 1H NEWS, Aasta Hansteen. Some of those kind of mid-sized projects are going to use some of that. That still leaves on the order of $0.5 billion dollars of additional flexibility that we will have. But at the end of the day, we're still – expect that between $5 billion and $6 billion is what it would take to hold production flat over the coming years.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP: Okay. Roger, I'll take that one. First, just remind us where we've been. Go back to just one year ago in April of 2015 at our Analyst Day, we were talking about being at $9.7 billion of OpEx in 2014, and we set a $1 billion reduction target. And we beat that in 2015 by coming down $1.7 billion down to $8 billion. And then we've taken another $1 billion out in our target for 2016, and as you correctly point out, if you look at the first quarter number and multiply by four, you get a number that's less than $6.5 billion. So, we were on a really good pace in the first quarter. Our operating and our technical teams and our supply chain folks have really been successful at driving out cost. And the focus in all that work, as you were kind of hinting at, has been on sustainability, finding sustainable reductions, structural reductions while also capturing as much of the cyclical as we can, even though we know we'll have to give some of that back at the end of the day. So I, frankly, I do expect to beat $7 billion this year. But we've got these turnaround season coming. There's also the Horus and Socorro decision and that rig was going to be on CapEx, and we'll have about an incremental $100 million of OpEx as we have a stacked rig there. And so, our organization is going to continue working. We've got a lot of work going on to continue to work on OpEx, and I expect that we'll beat that number. But really at midyear, I think we'll be ready to update where we're going to land.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP: I think you've probably seen some things out there in the industry being talked about around that technology, Doug. We're excited about it also. We call our version of eSAGD and we have run a few pilots going back quite a few years to try to optimize the way we use that technology and it definitely works. It's a methodology to lower your steam oil ratio and also to thereby reduce your greenhouse gas emissions per barrel of production, and so it's got a lot of attractiveness to it. One of the key variables is just the solvent recovery and how much of that solvent do you get back versus having to put more into the ground. And that's somewhere where we've had our focus. But I think we'll probably have an opportunity to address where we see that headed, that technology along with some others, at our analyst day in November.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP: Well, I should've written all those questions down. I'll try to catch them all. Well, first, on supply chain, let me just mention our overall progress there. We talked at our analyst day a year ago about trying to get $1 billion – that's both CapEx of OpEx – of supply chain savings. And we did achieve just a little over that in 2015 of deflation savings, CapEx and OpEx, from our supply chain. And then we set a target for ourselves for this year to get another $1 billion. And so far, we're on track for that. If you look at actually captured deflation savings in 2016 for us in the first quarter, it was $300 million; that's CapEx and OpEx. So we're on track there, and in fact, are starting to think about our window of opportunity for locking in some of these prices for longer periods of time going forward, as we think about what our cost structure is going to look like as things start to come back. In terms of the rigs that we need, let me just talk about, say, the rigs that we need to hold flat. So we're down the three rigs in the Lower 48 right now. We would need to get back up 12 to 13 rigs, somewhere in that range, in order to just get back to holding our production flat, and a number higher than that to start growing our production again. We have retained the capability amongst our staff to be able to do that, and so, from our internal standpoint, we could do it relatively quickly if that's what we chose to do. From an external standpoint, obviously, there has been a lot of loss of both hardware capability and people capability amongst our contracting community. And so, I think the first leg of returning some rigs back to work is going to be something that can be done in a fairly short amount of time, but similar to us, where we go from 3 to 12 or 13 to hold flat, well, to go to that even bigger number to grow, if the whole industry's trying to do that at once, I don't think that capacity's going to be there. And so, it'll have to be built up over time, and I can see that being north of the year, a one to two year kind of timeframe to really build that kind of capacity back. In other words, I don't think U.S. unconventional production could go back up as fast as it came down, or is coming down still.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP: Yeah, that's exactly right. That is one of the conclusions that we've reached is that as we look into that deep set of resource base, low-cost of supply – we're going to show you more about this in November, just how much that cost of supply has come down. It's dramatically lower than the cost of supply numbers that we showed you last April. And so, it gives us that deep bench of anywhere from shorter cycle to medium cycle sort of sized projects that allows us as we look out well over a decade to hold production flat in this $5 billion to $6 billion kind of range without needing any mega projects or long cycle projects to do that.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP: Yeah, I guess the first quarter production at Eagle Ford was 168,000 oil equivalent barrels per day. I don't know if you've got the split.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP: Yeah, I think that's a very fair point that you're making. Really, I sort of said it early, it probably went by fast, that when we think about this $5 billion to $6 billion over long periods of time to hold production flat, that's a real number. It's $5 billion to $6 billion today if we have inflation, and how that inflation comes back in, it depends on what's happening in the market and the industry, then the nominal number can go up over time. So it's $5 billion to $6 million under today's conditions or low price conditions. In a scenario where we are moving back up, $60s, $70s, $80s on the oil price, that number is going to go up. It's going to reflate. And so, we've done some estimates on how much of the cost reduction we've got. We think it's structural versus cyclical, but certainly there's a significant cyclical component that will come back as you move back up. Now, on some of these medium cycle projects, the ones you mentioned, those costs are fairly well locked in already, and so they're not going to change with reflation. The place where it will hit us first is in the unconventional North America, just as that was the place where we first captured and most heavily captured deflation. I expect that's where we'll see reflation coming back first. And so, I also mentioned a minute ago that one of the things that we've been doing to counteract that a bit is in the first quarter, that's when we started to work on locking in pricing for longer periods of time, particularly in the L-48 and the unconventional, where we give up the right to be able to rebid when we think things are going lower but instead lock in the price as things move higher over a longer period of time. Just trying to delay when some of that reflation comes back into our numbers.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP: Well, at APLNG we're still heavy in the construction building Train 2. In fact, we just finished all the final (54:00), et cetera, on Train 1 and now we're pushing and 85% complete on Train 2. It still had a lot of construction work left to do this year, so there's a still a lot of capital going into that. So, that's what's driving the continued capital injection into APLNG. Once we've got the trains both running in you get into the $40s on crude price, say a mid-$40s kind of price, then we'll start to get cash back out from APLNG.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP: I guess I would add to what Ron said that one of the things we've seen as we've worked over the last few of years to drive down the cost of supply across our whole resource base, is that we've been differentially successful in doing that in our unconventional, in our oil sands, and even some of our legacy conventional versus deepwater. That's one of the things that's driven our thinking around deepwater is that we haven't been able to drive that – that cost of supply hasn't – the structural part of it has been more difficult to drive it down versus, say, unconventional. Now, regarding your question on how industry comes back in the U.S. on the unconventional side, I don't think we're going to be the only ones thinking that we want to do some debt reduction before we go back to running rigs. So I expect that that along with some of the effects we were talking about earlier, will cause things not to come back up at the same speed that they came down. And of course, there will be that delay effect as well, just as we had on the way down, you'll have that on the way up. I already mentioned some of the things we're doing on the supply chain side to try to manage our costs on the way up. But I will say, we talked earlier, as we get to a free cash flow position and we're judging whether we want to put some money to organic growth versus per share growth versus other uses of that capital, one of the things we'll be looking at is what the cost is doing. If costs are reflating all the way back to where they were before, then our interest in putting that money back to work in that kind of work is going to be lower. So, we're going to be disciplined in managing those costs, and the pace that we go back to work will partly depend – the attractiveness of that – will partly depend on how that reflation works.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP: With regard to Senegal, we've had a lot of success there finding a new play in the area, and now we've drilled, we're on our fourth appraisal well right now, so we've drilled three appraisal wells, two drill stem tests now on our fourth appraisal well. And we've clearly proved up high-quality reservoirs with good continuity across a large area, and so there's been quite a bit of interest in that asset. And we'll see what happens there, but we've got a continuing appraisal program. It's going to take some more appraisal wells before that one's done, but we'll continue doing whatever appraisal work we need to do to establish the value of that asset.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP: Cost – I thought I understood the question until the very end there. I thought you were asking about uptime.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP: Yeah, okay. I see. I see. Yeah, I get it. So yeah, we actually – there's some opposing forces there with some – we have seen over that period of time in the North Sea an increasing uptime trend. So we've actually been quite pleased with how our facilities have been running there. And that has had an effect in lowering unit cost. But we've also, frankly, have changed our philosophy a bit in a lower price environment where we're not willing to spend as much money to keep every barrel on as we were before, and so that tends to ameliorate that trend a bit. But still, despite that change in philosophy, we've still had an increasing trend. And between that and our other deflation and other cost reduction efforts, have seen a nice decreasing unit cost trend in those assets. You may recall when we talked about deflation at our Analyst Day last year, we said it was going to happen first in the unconventional, and it was because of the way we contracted; it would take longer to make its way to Europe. And so, we're seeing those supply chain benefits more this year are rolling into our European operations, that we weren't getting as much last year.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP: Yeah, there's – if price gets up high enough where we're willing to spend those barrels, there is some potential for some non-linearity there. I don't see that as a huge effect, but yes, there's some.
Alan J. Hirshberg - EVP: I mean, the more work we do on our portfolio, improving cost to supply and all the other things I was talking about earlier, the less relative attractiveness that deepwater has for us in our portfolio. And so, ultimately it's that sort of thing that drove us to say why are we going to drill these last two wells? We'll save the money.
Ryan M. Lance: Yes, I think we referred to that a bit in my opening comments. We really have been working pretty hard to position the portfolio over the last couple of years into shorter cycle time investments. And when we look at the cost of supply across our portfolio, the things that we think compete really well against any investments globally around the world are some of our conventional legacy investments around China, Alaska, Norway, U.K., Malaysia; and then our unconventional investments, which I think was more the point of your question, around the Eagle Ford and the Bakken. While they could have a gross wide range of cost of supply, if you're in the best rocks like we are and the positions that we are, those cost of supplies are very competitive with anything that we've got or any non-OPEC kind of investments that you referred to around the world today. So we'll talk a bit more about that in the analyst meeting that Ellen referred to coming up to show you, even within our portfolio, there's a range of cost of supplies around each asset, but we're getting to the place where we understand that very well, so we can make sure that we are very disciplined in terms of how we allocate the capital to the highest returning, lowest cost supply assets in the portfolio.
Ryan M. Lance: Yeah, Blake. Maybe I'll take the first one. I think when you look at what we've kind of set as priorities, we've got clearly in the medium term, we need to get the balance sheet repaired and back down to the target levels that Don described. But at the same time, we think we're going to target annual real increases to the dividend at the same time. I mean, to put that in perspective, a 3%, 4%, 5% dividend increase is less than $60 million. So I think we're going to – that will be important to us to demonstrate that as well as we're going forward. So, we'll be targeting some of those annual returns to the shareholder through the dividend channel and also reducing the debt as we come out of an area where we're generating free cash, or we've reached that point of cash flow neutrality that you referred to. Now, as we get that free cash and we think about it, what we've said is we're just going to be really judicious about allocating the capital. We'll make sure that per share growth competes with organic growth that we have in the portfolio. I think we'll probably, maybe a bit less ratable, we'll try to be a bit more opportunistic around that.
Ryan M. Lance: Yes, I'll take it, Roger. I think we said throughout the years, we ought to be able to invest $1 billion to $2 billion. We'll probably be on the lower end of that. I think what we showed in the first quarter was $100 million, and I think we're pretty close to doubling that as we look forward, kind of over the next quarter in terms of things we got in the process to close, but probably be the lower end of that. We pulled some assets off the market where we're not getting what we think is fair value for it. But there are a few more assets that we still have on the market that we're hopeful around. So I think will be at more than what we showed, certainly in the first quarter, but we may not hit the full $1 billion mark that we're – what we were trying to hit at the beginning of the year. The market's just softened quite a lot, as you described.
Ryan M. Lance: Yes, Doug, I guess probably not a real precise formula in how you go through that. A lot depends on how fast from the slope of the recovery as we go forward, how quickly we can get the balance sheet down to the target levels that we're talking about. But I think what we tried to describe to people is we, as the price does turn and we get above sort of a breakeven price, we start generating that free cash flow. What we've said is we think we ought to be investing in short and medium cycle projects; we ought to be real returns back to, annually, real returns back to the shareholder through the dividend channel and then just paying pretty close attention to where the stock is trading in the marketplace, how we think, is it an undervalued stock so we can look at the returns that we might get on a per share basis and compare that to the constant supply and the opportunity to invest in the organic side of the portfolio. We've got a pretty deep inventory of things to choose from, but know we've got a range of constant supply sitting in that portfolio as well. But we probably won't have an exact formula. We won't make a declaration about how we're doing it, but we will certainly report how we're doing that quarterly to you.
Ryan M. Lance: Well, I think it's part of our effort to get constant supply in the oil sands down to something that's competitive in the portfolio. I can probably let, Al might have more detail on that, more current detail, anyways. But in either case, Doug, we plan to provide a lot more detail about that in November. But I'll let Al jump in as well.
Ryan M. Lance: Well, I think, Paul, yeah, I mean, we're going to be looking at all those items. So when we say less than $25 billion, that's exactly some of the thoughts that are on our mind is, how do you prepare for the next down cycle? Because we think we need to set up the company to be successful in a lower mid-cycle price with more volatility. The added comment to the balance sheet piece is certainly, we'll be watching that and trying to decide, but we're setting ourselves up with a lot of capital flexibility in these shorter cycle time projects, so it's not just – there's going to be other ways to manage the cash. And at the end of the day, once we hit free cash flow, we've got a lot of choices about how to allocate that free cash flow, some of the which may be keeping cash on the balance sheet and preparing. So, it's about net debt. It's not just the balance sheet debts there, but yeah, we're going to be trying to factor that all in, in conjunction with our, both our short and longer-term outlook on commodity prices.
Ryan M. Lance: Well, thanks, Paul. I'll take the first part and maybe Al can take the second part there. So, as we are go into this analyst meeting, as I tried say in my opening comments, Paul, I think sort of our disciplined capital approach is still fundamental. We had that at the spin and we'll continue to talk about that. I think the portfolio differentiates itself and as we learn more about the unconventionals, learn more – the technology, the work that we've done over the last few years – we just see lower cost of supply and a lot more resilience in that portfolio. So, I think the portfolio will continue to evolve and occupy a big piece of what we talked about. And then certainly what's different is, while the dividend decision was difficult, probably the most difficult I've had to make, it has reset the company. So we have, I think, we've lowered the break-even for the company when we start to generate free cash flow which is something we didn't have sort of at the spin as we came out of that. It was going to take until these major projects and we got lot through these long cycle time projects, to get up and running before we reached that condition. That was the case post spin, and that's even more so the case now. And I think what's different now is that a deeper and a better understanding of the low cost of supply that sits in the portfolio today was captured, which kind of informed our deepwater decision as well here about a year ago, which was a tough one at the time, looks better today, obviously, but was certainly a tougher one at the time. But it's been informed by what – as we've interrogated the portfolio and applied technology to that – what we can do with the existing captured resource space, and the kind of growth we can see or flat capital for a decade or more just by exercising the options we have in the captured portfolio.
Ryan M. Lance: Yeah, I mean, we're seeing softness really across the board, Scott. And we've said before we're just not going to firesale anything. And we are prepared to continue to appraise and develop if we need to. We still have some things on the market in Indonesia. We still have our deepwater portfolio in pieces on the market as well. So we are still trying to progress that. Again, we know what our hold value is and we know what value it would take to sell the assets.
Ryan M. Lance: Yeah, I think there may be periods of time where you don't put enough capital back in to maintain, but I think over time, we want to maintain our production. We don't want to shrink and decline the production. There may be periods of time where some of that happens, but over the long haul, no, we don't want to – I don't think we want to do that. We'll be looking at what kind of maintenance capital it takes to hold our production flat.
Ryan M. Lance: Yeah, I – no, Scott. I mean, now, that ex-dispositions, just to be clear. We do have some things in the portfolio that we still want to monetize over time, and I think the size portfolio that we have, we'll be in the market doing some of that just on a natural, constant basis. So all my comments are kind of ex-disposition.
Ryan M. Lance: Yeah, first, Pavel, it's our decision to get out of deepwater. I mean, that's what pretty much drove those $6.4 billion down to the $5.7 billion. It was half the reduction, and then, is just really monitoring the business as close as we can and dialing it and not wanting to spend any cash to take on anymore on the balance sheet. So, we'll defend the balance sheet and continue to wind down the deepwater program that we announced over a year ago.
Ryan M. Lance: Well, we just made the decision not to drill the last couple of prospects with the Maersk Valiant drillship. So, that's sort of a – kind of a cliff – that's not a wind-down sort of scenario. We just got to the point where we just made a decision internally that we weren't going to drill the last couple of prospects. So that was a fairly significant binary decision.
