Matthew Fox: Yes. Phil, this is Matt here. Yes, the budget and the long-range plan reflect our plans for all of the assets including the ones that you mentioned. We have the flexibility to fund those projects in multiple different ways, frankly, but we have – we can certainly do all of that within the average of less than $7 billion and we can do that comfortably and we're going to rollout in more detail in November.
Matthew Fox: Yes, Roger, I would say that we haven't included any assumptions about buying any significant asset transactions in the long range plan. So if we have to do that that would be additive to the $7 billion. So we really what we've done as we've designed the plan around the existing portfolio. And so we're not assuming any additional transactions when we do that. In terms of the - we fund our capitals through this positions, we don't think of it quite that way. We see the $7 billion or below $7 billion average has been funded out of cash flow. Then maybe do some additional dispositions we mean over the coming years. But that's not how we think about funding every one funded from cash flow.
Matthew Fox: Hi, Neil. It’s Matt. Yes, moving a little bit slower than we originally anticipated and we now expect to receive their RFP around the middle of the year and we think that's going to include a request for proposals to as to where we would please to LNG volumes and we suspect some elements of the fiscal regime. We expect guitars going to say don't participants in the fourth quarter. And the plan is to take at IV before the end of the year. And we think we're well positioned to compete. But in the meanwhile, I mean, we've used the candies and the Qatar Gas and Qatar Petroleum, the project's progressing through feet. They're also progressing. They're off shore, on shore and shipping construction contracts and they're on track for first gas in 2024. So if we were offered the opportunity to participate and we think is a good use of the shareholder's capital will be very happy.
Matthew Fox: Hi, Blake. This is Matt. So we build our plan around the base case pricing deck this $50 WTI and we've including the level of escalation that we would expect to be associated with that. And if we see much higher prices then we would expect to see some more escalation. And then typically that shows up initially in the Lower 48 and then elsewhere. But the $7 billion average below that is based on a $50 WTI outlook.
Matthew Fox: Hi, Michael. This is Matt. So the plan delivers production and cash flow growth similar to what we've had over the last few years. But we left out the release really because we're not – these investment decisions are not driven by production growth, driven by capital returns and returning capital to shareholders and that isn't changing. But what you should expect to see in November is consistent absolute growth and very healthy growth on a cash flow per adjusted shared basis.
Matthew Fox: Yes, I'll take that one as well. Michael, actually 2019 is quite a big year for turnarounds. We had a big turnaround in Qatar in the first quarter, so unusual to do them so early in the Qatar, and that was about 15,000 barrels per day on the quarter in Qatar alone. We'll get the first large scale turnaround of the Surmont 2 facility. First of all, we've done some Surmont 2 production and that started last week and that likely we're doing for about 45 days. So that's a significant amount that will effect the second quarter. We also have a tri-annual turnaround going on the Ekofisk and Block G in Europe this year. And there's a large-scale turnaround at [indiscernible] so we pull those together, the turnaround activity that gives actually about 10,000 barrels a day more than it was last year. So it was a big year. So hopefully that's enough color on the turnarounds.
Matthew Fox: Well, that will be – it'll be during the second and third quarter and that will be back on again by the fourth quarter. And that's one of the reasons along with what Dominic described as the trajectory in the Lower 48 production. That's one of the reasons that our production is back-end loaded this year.
Donald Wallette: Yes. Phil, this is Don. I think it's probably useful to remind that currently we're sitting at about $6.5 billion of cash. And as you say, depending on how prices go, that could move up just organically as we go through the year. Certainly, we're expecting closing the UK transactions, so cash balances could start to approach pretty high levels and we kind of think of somewhere in the 10% of total assets and you need to be pretty clear about your strategic rationale. And I think that we have been. We view the balance sheet in general and cash balances in particular is strategic assets in a source of competitive advantage. In our strategy, we’ve clear about is to be competitive with the best capital returners in our industry and importantly to be able to continue funding buybacks and maintaining our development programs while prices are falling. So we're okay carrying more cash than the average E&P Company. I don't think that we'd be comfortable taking net debt down to zero. So if you want to put a limit, it's going to be above that. But we also think there'd be in position to be able to be opportunistic, particularly when prices are low and competition is weak, it is something that we also play strategic value on. But I think if our cash continues to build as we approached the end of the year, of course we've got our Analyst Day set for November and you'll see more definition around our capital allocation thoughts at that time.
Donald Wallette: Yes. Doug, I think I can help you on that. Maybe first with a bit of an explanation for why the 1-1-2018 effective date, because it can appear a little bit unusual, but just to remind you, we began marketing those assets during 2018 and so the beginning of the year was selected as the valuation point. And then as the marketing extended into 2019, it was the various parties, counterparties that we were dealing with, it was their preference that we maintain the 1-1-2018 effective date mainly for financing reasons because lenders typically require audit and financial statements in the periods immediately preceding the effective date and those would not have been available. And we moved the date to 1-1-2019 until mid-year and we didn't want to hold up the transaction for that reason. So as you would guess, the UK has been a net cash flow positive since that 1-1-2018 date and so there will be a downward price adjustment at closing. Now I can give you an estimate and it's kind of based on end of year closing and kind of current prices. So if the timing changes or pricing cash flows from this point forward changed and obviously those estimates would change, but we think that adjustment will be negative around $600 million. So taking that off the headline price, we would expect cash proceeds at closing at the end of the year under current conditions. I've got enough disclaimers in there, would be something around $2.1 billion to $2.2 billion.
Donald Wallette: Hi, Blake. Well, I guess, first of all, probably worth noting that database so continues to fully comply with the settlement agreement that we entered into last year. We received the first quarter scheduled payment and that was after the latest round of U.S. sanctions hadn't been announced. So they're fully complying. We also during the quarter completed the sale of the crude oil inventories that we had in the Dutch Caribbean. So I think that was between the inventory sales and the scheduled payment. I think we've booked around close to $150 million there. We're in constant communication with data base, so they continue to tell us that their intention is to continue with their obligations and so that's our expectation. Regardless of the situation in Venezuela our expectations are unchanged. Our agreement is with database, VX that award is against the Republic of Venezuela and we expect to collect what is owed to us.
Donald Wallette: Hi, Alastair. This is Don. Maybe I'll take the LNG marketing side of the question. I mean as far as Barossa, our intention is to go to FID, latest year or maybe early next year. And so typically when we look back over 50 year history of LNG projects, we would almost always go into these investment decisions with most if not all of the LNG committed, fully committed, termed out multi-year contracts, long-term contracts. The LNG market is changed a lot over recent years, and Barossa were not constructed in LNG plant. We're backfilling an existing one. So it's really an offshore development project, not the same nature of the typical LNG. So when you think about the nature of that project and the development, the rapid development of the spot market, which is quite liquid today compared to where it was, even a few years ago. We don't feel compelled to have to place all of LNG under long-term contracts. That's an option that we can choose to do. And we are marketing the LNG today. On that basis, we'd be happy to do it. But if we don't get the price that we expect, then we're willing to go into the project without all or a majority of the LNG committed in the long-term. Right now the spot market is very soft in Asia. But that's not to be unexpected given the type of year that it is. Maybe Bill would like to – I will turn it over to Bill to give you an update on where we are on the project on Barossa.
Donald Wallette: Alastair, this is Don again. All of our asset retirement obligations are being transferred to the buyer in full. We're not – there's no residual that remains with ConocoPhillips and as far as the quantum there, we have on our books – we have $2 billion of ARO liability that will be coming off. And let me, while we're on the UK again, we might not circle back to it. I did want to speak to one aspect that wasn't addressed in our original release when we notified the market about our pending sale there. And that's the tax efficiency. This is an extremely tax efficient transaction. We don't expect any UK taxes at all. And on the U.S. side, even though we're going to generate a very large financial gain at closing on this sale. We're also generating a very large U.S. capital loss and we're going to be able to take that loss and apply it back to the San Juan transaction, for example, which was in 2017 and we're going to be able to offset the capital gain that we had on that transaction. We will be able to carry forward those tax losses to any future applicable sale that we have for the next five years as well. So what you'll see in the second quarter is that we're going to generate earnings related to these tax benefits of about $200 million.
Donald Wallette: Scott, this is Don. We received in the first quarter I think $73 million distribution from APLNG. And that's really prior to this year or this quarter. We had been receiving distributions only in the second and fourth quarters. I think now APLNG is most likely in a position to be paying quarterly dividends, but I need to let you know that those – you should not expect those to be ratable. And the reason for that is we have a kind of lumpy income tax payments that happen in the first and third quarter in project financing payments that are also lumpy. So what you'll see our first and third quarter distributions that are relatively light and second and fourth quarter distributions that are relatively heavy. At current prices, we would expect APLNG distributions for 2019 to range somewhere between $550 million and $600 million.
Donald Wallette: Yes. This is Don again. On the oil currently we're selling all of our oil conventional, unconventional, a right into the local markets there. So we don't really have any significant takeaway capacity. We have participated in some of open seasons that that took place last year, projects under construction this year. So as time goes on, probably beginning in the third or fourth quarter of this year, we'll begin exporting a Permian crude oil to the Gulf and we have options to expand our capacity rights on these pipelines. So I think our situation will improve over time. That's what we would expect. On the Gas side, it's a little bit different because I've talked about this a little bit before, but, we currently produce about 100 million cubic feet a day and the Permian and we have a lot more takeaway capacity than that out of the Permian by virtue of our guests marketing arrangements. We're one of the larger gas marketers in the Southwest area from Texas to California and to Mexico. And so we have a lot of firm takeaway, long-term firm takeaway capacity allows us to move not only our equity gas, the third-party gas outside of the basin. So we're not seeing the same levels of pressure. We're generally, I'd say in the first quarter of most of our gas was sold into Arizona and California market. So we didn't see why I type pricing. On the other hand – other side of that on the gas marketing side, we did benefit a good bit from Wahaca pricing as we were in the market some days with producers paying us, as much as $6 or $7 Mcf.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Thanks Doug. I think – this value proposition is kind of easy to say, but it's difficult to do. And I think why we're able to do it and I think differentiate ourselves from our competitors. It starts with the portfolio and the low cost is fly sitting in the portfolio, the base decline that the portfolio has the type of assets we have when you consider our long dated, no decline, low sustaining capital to kind of assets like LNG at oil sands combined with what we believe is an unmatched, unconventional portfolio across all the basins in the Lower 48. So you put all that together and we're running it to generate free cash flow and we've gotten the cost structure of the company down to where we can free cash flow and below $40 a barrel and I don't think other companies can do that. Did I have to grow into that or they have to much higher prices to go do that. So and we just don't believe these kinds of prices are going to persist. We think there's going to be volatility, which is why we carried cash on the balance sheet and remind people in December it was $42 a barrel WTI at the low point. So we just think the way we've set up the company the portfolio, the way we're managing the company, we were allocating capital in the way we are focused on returns in the business, full cycle returns, not just forward-looking returns, but full cycle returns to our kind of cost of supply Mantra. That's why it's going to be difficult for people to be able to do what we're doing it to kind of price decks that we've demonstrated that we can do that. To your second question, Doug, on the strategic activities. We tried to get that add on the larger corporate transactions. It's about cost of supply and it's about opportunities that can come in the portfolio at a competitive cost of supply. And that's a pretty big hurdle with the kinds of premiums that are being paid for assets today. And we don't really have a timeframe that we look at its short, medium, and long-term. We've got to convince ourself that it's in the best interest of the shareholder long-term that it's a creative in the short-term and it's competitive for capital on an all in full cycle basis relative to our 16 billion barrel portfolio that’s captured in the hand right today. So it remains a really high hurdle. Anybody can lever up their balance sheet and do a free cash flow yield positive kind of play today. That’s you need to do full cycle returns are tough.
Ryan Lance: Yes. Let me, I'll let Matt telling, so I'm in there Roger. But we the bucket one CapEx line fighting CapEx. Did we give the guys we just do that year-in, year-out. That's just a part of our normal operating business. But I can let Matt probably elaborate on whether you sell proceeds.
Ryan Lance: Yes. I think you're right. Well, you're right, Roger. As I said in my comments, we’re not chasing a production target or something like that. We're chasing returns and we look at the metrics debt adjusted cash flow per share is we think the right way to be thinking about the business. We're not – as Matt said, we will do dispositions when they make sense, when they aren't competitive in the portfolio for future investments, like in the UK example, we have a large animal liability and asset retirement obligation that we're dealing with that particular outset. We'll do those things if they make sense and smart. But like Matt said, we're good. The plan that we'll show you in November in great detail will be organically grown the company with the portfolio that we have today. But you shouldn't think about, we will make adjustments to the portfolio over time. Well as things need to leave the portfolio and things need to come into the portfolio.
Ryan Lance: Well, yes, I think it’s a good construct Doug. I think we have transformed the company and I think we've put out a value proposition that is – we think is the right one for a cyclical mature market like this that gives money back to the shareholders and prudently invest your money to improve your free cash flow, the discounted value of the free cash flow that you're generating. We think that's the right model to be taken. What does that mean for M&A and consolidation and putting more assets under our management and under this kind of value proposition? I think there's some of these about that and we look at them, we look at everything that's going on. It's tough to compete inside the portfolio. When you put a premium on that we see that we've been doing or that the market has been putting on these assets, it adds $10 to $15 constant supply to the all in returns and if you're focused on all in returns and you're sitting with a portfolio that's got 30 years of life and there's three ConocoPhillips is sitting inside our resource space, it's just a very high bar to jump over. Maybe there'll be a deal come along. Maybe something will make sense down the road. We've got the balance sheet, we've got the capability, we've got the ability to go do something. But we're not going to do something that's not in the best interest of our shareholder and consistent with the value proposition that we think is the right one for this business.
Ryan Lance: The best defense is a good offense. We're executing our plan and we think it's the right plan to go forward. I can't comment on what others might be thinking of our plan.
