Clayton C. Reasor: Thank you, Kim. Well, good morning, and welcome to ConocoPhillips' First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call, our final conference call as an integrated company.  Today, we'll focus on key financial and operating results for the first quarter, as well as our outlook for the remainder of 2012. I'm joined by Jeff Sheets, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  As in the past, you can find our presentation material on the Investor Relations section of the ConocoPhillips website. And in addition, you can also find some presentation material that we've recently put out on each of the stand-alone companies, ConocoPhillips and Phillips 66.  Please read the Safe Harbor statement on the bottom of this slide. It's a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and during the question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from what we expect today. And factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here, as well as in our filings with the SEC.  So that said, I'll turn the call over to Jeff to take you through our first quarter results.
Clayton C. Reasor: My understanding, Faisel, is that the funding for DCP expansion, about 2/3 of that financing comes from dropping assets down into the MLP inside of DCP, DPM. And about 1/3 of the funding of their expansion comes from either noncash expenses like DNA or from about, let's say, 10% of their net income or any cash they have on the balance sheet. So they're expecting to continue to dividend out cash, as well as fund their expansion programs.
Clayton C. Reasor: And I don't really -- based on our forecast, we don't see that going higher than that for the year. I mean, it's pretty flat looking out through the remainder of 2012.
Clayton C. Reasor: While on the production, Iain, I guess Vietnam is in there, right? So impact of production on second quarter from asset sales, I think, Jeff said were...
Clayton C. Reasor: And unfortunately, the ones that did affect it were international that had relatively higher margins.
Clayton C. Reasor: No. The underlift is -- you have underlifts and overlifts all throughout the portfolio, so it's a netting effect that this quarter netted to that kind of number. So we were overlifted in some places, we're underlifted in others. It's just the balance this time ended up with a number that we felt was significant enough we should mention it.
Clayton C. Reasor: Yes, I mean I guess, you're saying that our refineries aren't going to be interested in running very light liquids production [indiscernible] find a home outside the U.S.
Clayton C. Reasor: Well, thank you, and thank you for the interest in ConocoPhillips, as well as the individual entities going forward. We look forward to further discussions in the future. Again, you'll find a transcript of this call and the presentation material on the ConocoPhillips website. Thank you.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: In Bangladesh, it's too early for us. We're just in the seismic phase right now, so we don't have -- too early for us to really give any thoughts around drilling programs there. In Poland, we're going to continue at kind of the pace we are at and to try to further delineate that play. But it will be relatively low levels of expenditure there going forward. On Bohai Bay, we are in the process of going through a ramp-up of production to the levels that have been approved by the authorities. We're still in the process of working through the long-term development plan for the field. That's going to take us up to around 40,000 BOE per day. It's about 19,000 or so, net to ConocoPhillips at Bohai Bay.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: I think you probably see those move back and forth over time, and I wouldn't assume that there's going to be a discount on all of them going forward. There was a particularly wide WTI, WCS differential in the first quarter, which we've seen close somewhat in the first month of the second quarter. We're getting an increased production from Christina Lake, which is also has a little bit higher transportation differences as well. But as I said, I think you will see -- we don't expect to see differentials as wide as what we saw this quarter. Or I think you can also expect that over time, you'll see similar realizations from both the consolidated and the nonconsolidated.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, I mean generally in Alaska, there's a couple of factors which can affect kind of quarter-to-quarter. There's a bit of a pricing lag on some of the crude. So in a rising market, that can have a difference. And then of course, the tax regime in Alaska when you get up to these kinds of oil prices, that takes as a very high marginal take to you -- take. But I guess, as Clayton says, we can get back to you again with that.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So, yes, I think maybe I'll -- let me clarify and make sure that I was clear on what we said about CPChem. You are correct in that both of them have good opportunities to invest capital. But generally, we would think that distributions will be coming out of both of those joint ventures, they can more than fund their capital programs with cash flows. What's unique at CPChem currently is that we are -- we've made the decision to essentially delever CPChem and pay off their debt balances post the spin happening. So CPChem is not making any distributions to either of the partners currently. So the record earnings that they saw in the first quarter were all retained at CPChem. That'll put CPChem in a position later this year where they have a cash balance sufficient to pay off the debt at CPChem and then, I think, we would start to see some distributions from that joint venture.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: That's right. So were it not for that, we would have seen about -- when you look at our supplemental information, you'll see that working capital is basically a push for the quarter. So were it not for that reclassification, you would have had about a $500 million use of cash from working capital. But if you're looking at cash flow before the working capital changes, what you said is correct.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: I think what's different this year is, it's not back-end loaded. We had, as many of you mentioned, the large leasehold acquisitions. We also had a fairly high spend level at the APLNG project in the first quarter as well. And we're running a pretty consistent spin through our unconventional developments like the Eagle Ford. So you won't see the same level of back-end loading in our capital program this year.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, so I need to break that into a couple of pieces there, Ed. So if you look at how we fund the Foster Creek, Christina Lake joint venture, it goes back to how the venture was set up to start with, where we are making payments into the SCCL joint venture of -- it's around $800 million or $900 million a year, every year for what will be 10 years. We're about 5 or 6 years into that right now. And Synovis is doing the same thing on the WRB side. So between that contribution that we make and the cash flows that are generated inside the joint venture, that funds SCCL CapEx for us. So the $800 million or $900 million that I talked about is the SCCL CapEx, and the rest of it is the development of the Surmont project or 50-50 joint venture with Total.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, Doug, I'm not sure that we'll see much change from where we are right now. Again, maybe to reiterate some comments that we made when we talked about this previously. If you look at our gas production across the Lower 48 and Canada, North American natural gas production, probably 2/3 to 70% of it, the economics of gas production are driven by liquids prices. So you don't see much -- there's no real reason to be shutting in that gas production. It still has strong economics. Of the 30% to 1/3 that's left of that, we operate about 1/2 of that production. Generally, our partners have not wanted to shut in production. Then we'll continue to monitor the balance of what we operate that isn't where -- the gas is more dry gas for potential additional shut-ins. But right now, we wouldn't expect it to be markedly different than what we saw in the first quarter.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: It probably varies from place to place. I think, for the most part, we're actually shutting them in. And royalty commitments and things like that are things we look at and evaluating whether or not we shut in.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. So, yes, it would impact the share count for PSX. And we've talked about doing $5 billion by the end of the second quarter. We did $2 billion, basically, in the first quarter, and it's a pretty ratable purchase across the quarter.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No. Okay, no. So what we are saying on the ConocoPhillips side, is that we would anticipate over the next year that we're going to have between $8 billion and $10 billion of asset sales. And then ConocoPhillips is going to have about $5 billion of share repurchases by the end of the second quarter. And as I just mentioned, we'll probably have about $3 billion of that done by the time of the spin. Then we'll do another $2 billion probably in the balance of the second quarter. And then after that, the pace of share repurchase will sync up with the pace of further asset sales. So when we talk about asset sales, we're not trying to -- we're not counting the dividend, we're not counting the Phillips 66 shares. It's just the straight asset sales.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes. I think we would -- of course, we're going to be evaluating everything going forward, just where we earn cash from operations, what the investment opportunities in the portfolio look like and where we want to be on the debt balance. There'll be a lot of things that go into the mix. But if you go back to the -- really, what Jim Mulva said back in his presentation in March, where he said $5 billion by the end of the second quarter, and we hope to be around $10 billion depending on the pace of asset sales, that's the same kind of guidance we would give.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, it's still pretty early days. And I'm not exactly sure how much we're talking quite yet about the Niobrara.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Not that we really want to -- no, we don't, really. And we're still in the middle of discussions on Bohai Bay with the authorities there. It probably would be better for us to get everything resolved and then talk about that.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Well, the production number we talked about was our net share of production, which includes the effects, the PSC effects. I mean, other -- I don't think we would really want to provide exact kind of what the fiscal regime is absolute to those barrels. I mean, it is high-quality production with good margins. It's above average production. It's above average margin for us.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, I mean it's part of the reason why we give ranges on production and guidance is that, yes, that is -- we have our uncertainties of exactly what rate Bohai will ramp back up with and just other things in our portfolio. Just as far as Libya is concerned, Libya production, I believe, in the quarter, was around 36 a day, which is about 6 higher than it was in the first quarter of 2011.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: I think we're going to just have to see how things develop, whether ultimately, there's a train 3 or 4 or whether it makes sense to take any additional resource we find to lengthen the life of the first 2 trains or we don't know whether there may actually be capacity in others' trains that could make sense to use longer term. So it's really too early for us to try to make an estimate on whether or not there will be additional trains there. There just be a lot of options, but what we think is still a very high quality resource.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No. I think when we think of the share repurchase program we're currently doing in the first half of the year, we're more looking backwards at the asset sales that we have done in the previous -- first part of this year and the latter part of last year. So we're not -- I wouldn't carry that link across to things being done in the second quarter.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: It's 20,000 to 30,000. The biggest chunk of that is Vietnam. We've got some things in the North Sea and some smaller assets in North America that could close in the second quarter, relatively small amounts there.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, right. And then Alaska, again, it's a pretty progressive tax regime at the current price environments.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, it was fairly substantial. We see numbers of about that size. Well, really -- no, it is a fairly high number for an underlift. It's not completely unprecedented. It just has to do with timings of when cargoes get lifted.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No, it's primarily driven by things like the timing on the underlift, like we've mentioned. It's driven by the fact that natural gas prices were lower in the first quarter than they were in the fourth quarter last year. NGL prices were lower in the first quarter than in the fourth quarter last year. Bitumen prices were lower in the fourth -- lower as well. Crude prices were up. And the mix of all those things...
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Okay, we'll have to work with you on that one. I'm not sure how your -- what your calculation is. We'll have to take that one off-line.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: No, I just have the average in front of me. No, I don't. We can get that to you. I mean it will be on the face of the 10-Q that we file next week.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: So it was $95 million in the first quarter. It's been $120 million if you look at across the fourth quarter and the first quarter. It's going to be -- you'll see it. It'll be hard to track after this because it's going to be reported in 2 separate companies. But most -- probably the majority of the repositioning costs are behind us now.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: It'll split evenly between the companies, and for both companies, I think we're saying it'll be around $75 million to $100 million.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: About 20% NGLs and about 20% natural gas. The Bakken is basically 90% crude and 5%, say, NGLs and 5% gas. Permian is...
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: That's of our current Permian production. So if you look at the things we're bringing on there, I think there's probably a higher weighting to the liquids side.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Yes, I'm sure we will see some short-term dislocations in the market as we build out these plays in the next few years. But longer term, when you think about products like propanes, butanes, condensates, those are something that you can export. So that will also help any differentials that might be there.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: That's a great question because that is really kind of a fundamental difference of ConocoPhillips and much else that's out there in the marketplace today. And you can see that when we put out our investor update, we titled it as a new class of investment, kind of pointing out that difference. I mean, in many ways, we've got the assets of a major. We're going to try to have the nimbleness and culture of an independent. But from a distribution point of view, we feel like we're of a size and of a maturity, and in an industry where shareholders should be expecting that a significant portion of cash flow comes back to them in the form of a dividend. And we've talked about that being 20% to 25% of our cash flow. And that ends up giving us a dividend that's like what the integrated company has today. And we recognize that, that's going to give us a pretty high yield going out of the box. But we think that's an issue, not with the dividend, but with the share price, and that that's going to be something that will change over time. We still would be looking to maintain that kind of payout ratio longer term and also to see increases in the dividend as our earnings and our cash flow grows over time.
Jeffrey Wayne Sheets: Well, as prices change, we're always looking at the whole mix of things that we use our cash flow for. Though, basically, we want to maintain a capital program that's fairly consistent across the years, we don't want to be moving that up and down. We want to have a dividend that's, like I just discussed, that's at the level it is today and grows over time. We've got a lot of capacity on our balance sheet to handle short-term swings in prices. So if we get a big change in prices, we'll look and adjust. But in the near term, it probably would not see large adjustments on the upside or the downside as prices moved either up or down to the size of our capital program. And on share repurchases, we're always going to be evaluating what the best use of our proceeds are. As we look out today, we think it's reasonable guidance to say that we'll be using proceeds from asset sales to fund share repurchases.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: A couple of things for me, hopefully, both relatively housekeeping. The first one is on your comments, Jeff, on shutting in gas. Can you just give us an idea, what would it take for you to bring your gas production back online? And given that prices have deteriorated somewhat since you made the decision, I guess, at the end of the fourth quarter, can you just give us some thoughts as to whether the portfolio is -- that you are still producing to date, is resilient at current gas prices? Or is it likely to get a little bit more aggressive there? My follow-up is on share buybacks, please.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: So, Jeff, when you say shut-in gas, are you actually shutting in wells, or are you choking them back? I'm thinking about shut-in royalty commitments that you might have.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: So just to be clear then, if you did, let's say, $3 billion in the balance of the second quarter, I'm trying to understand how much -- I know it's a very small point, really, but how much would be allocated wholly to -- $1 billion in April? Okay, great. That answers the question.
Paul Y. Cheng: But, Jeff, I'm sorry, but what I did is that I did look at what you report as your crude oil price and your bitumen price and your natural gas price. I did a calculation based on what you report. Your average realization per BOE net of all those what you mentioned actually sequentially is up about $2 per barrel. That is what I am -- seems I am at a loss.
Paul Y. Cheng: Well, I mean, you're going to max out on your distillation tower on the very late end. So I mean, there’s really not much you can run, especially if you're going to see more of the WCS coming down, then they will occupy some of the light barrel, light column already.
Paul Y. Cheng: Clayton, is there any possibility if you can, say, maybe help us there by giving us the breakdown between your condensate and your frac oil mix in those areas? That would be really appreciated.
