Terry Spencer: Thanks Andrew. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK.  Joining me on today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs; and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas.  It's an exciting time for ONEOK as we begin placing some of the largest capital growth projects in our history into service. Our projects remain on or ahead of schedule and on budget.  The southern section of Elk Creek pipeline began employing NGLs on July 15 from the Rockies region into the Mid-Continent, with the northern section still on target to be completed in the fourth quarter.  Last week, we announced additional low cost expansion projects across our system, which continue to demonstrate ONEOK's ability to incrementally grow with our customers. These projects will help address NGL transportation and fractionation needs of producers and will further address flaring in North Dakota with added natural gas processing capacity.  All our projects, including these recent expansions, are built to meet the needs of our customers and are backed by long-term contracts. We continue to see strong producer activity levels across the basins where we operate with NGL and natural gas volume growth that is in-line with our expectations so far this year.  Now, more than halfway through the year, our confidence in our 2019 financial expectations and 2020 earnings outlook has strengthened significantly. With our projects remaining on or ahead of schedule, we expect accelerated earnings growth leading into 2020 and beyond and additional cash flow to reinvest in our business, reduce leverage and continue to return value to shareholders.  With that, I will turn the call over to Walt for comments on our second quarter results. 
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Kevin. The progress on our capital growth projects this year is setting us up well for a significant volume in earnings uplift in 2020. As Walt emphasized, we're even more confident in our 2020 adjusted EBITDA growth outlook of greater than 20% compared with our 2019 guidance midpoint.  The impressive production results across our operations highlight the widespread quality of our operating basins and well-capitalized and experienced producers operating there. The volume growth we discussed today have high visibility both NGL and natural gas volumes are ready and waiting for processing and transportation now.  Producers are looking to ONEOK to provide the critical infrastructure they need to connect their products with demand markets and we are well equipped and ready to grow our operations efficiently in order to do so. I'd like to recognize our large project teams and operations personnel located both at our headquarters and at our various field locations for their hard work to keep our growth projects on time and on budget and specifically to those working on our Elk Creek pipeline who are able to place the southern section in service early benefiting many of our customers.  Thank you to all our employees for your dedication to our customers and dedication to ONEOK. Your continued focus on safe and responsible operations has led to our continued reliability and operational success.  With that operator, we are now ready for questions. 
Terry Spencer: Yes, to the extent that, overtime, we make a regular quarterly distribution, and to the extent the Management Committee believes that there's a capacity to do more than that. They have the ability to do it in one time basis. And that's what happened here. 
Terry Spencer: Well, I think that it's fair to say that, you know, as we -- the plans to do this kind of develops throughout the course of the year. So, you know, I think on a going forward basis, we would expect distributions more in line with where they have been on a quarter-by-quarter basis. 
Terry Spencer: I think that's right so definitely you can see that on a very macro sense of the difference between what we've contracted for Arbuckle II and what we've contracted for Elk Creek. That difference is definitely coming out and they call it. 
Terry Spencer: I think it just came down, a lot of it just came down to we had the ability as our teams looked at how we provide more fractionation capacity, but that was a low cost option for Williston and would drive the best return. With our other pipes, clearly we'll have the ability to move those purity products down to Belvieu once Arbuckle II is up. So we do get that optionality. But it really came down to where we look at where we could provide the lowest cost, most efficient frac capacity.
Terry Spencer: No, I think that our expectation given, everything that we see going forward, both what we've been able to announce. And we're thinking we have lower CapEx in 2020, then it will be in 2019.
Terry Spencer: Well the rail volume when we brought on the southern section, the rail volume at that point in time went to nearly zero. So we pulled pretty much everything down. And then that rail volume -- you have plants coming online between now and when Elk Creek comes and gets in service. So we will use rail, it will start building back up as volumes from those plants start coming online. So it will build back up and then once the full pipeline is in place, all of it will obviously move back over to the pipe. 
Terry Spencer: We look at it continually. Clearly those projects aren't two-year projects like building the pipe. They're measured in terms of months, not years. And we also have the ability to do things like ordering Thompson [ph] and a lot of the long lead -- time of long lead equipment and other engineering things we can go ahead and do to prepare for that. So that it drives the time required to get that done again just a matter of months.
Terry Spencer: We just drove our ethane rejection just continued to drive deeper and deeper. So to get more throughput through the plants and remain the pipe, the NGL takeaway was at capacity. So we were able to, through our plants drive deeper rejection and run more inlet but not produce as much liquids.
Terry Spencer: Well, Jeremy, our heaviest spending is definitely in the third and fourth quarter of '19. So when you enter in that first quarter, we've said that, with Elk Creek coming on in the fourth quarter and the volumetric disclosed, the guidance that we've put out there as it relates to our expectations of how quickly Elk Creek is going to build its volume around that 100,000 barrels, we're going to see a significant uplift in our EBITDA in the first quarter of 2020. And throughout 2020 and that's going to deliver us right from the get go in 2020.  So, as we cross over the year, that'll be our peak. The projects that we've announced to date will be towards the back end of 2020 and into 2021 from a CapEx spend and will already be well down our road to delivering and in my prepared remarks, I gave you some thoughts on where we might end the year. So we're going to see in the same trajectory and still looking for some significant delivering going forward.
Terry Spencer: We'll evaluate it. We may not have the same type of spare utilities, if you will for frac 5. But that's something obviously we'll take a look at a variety of different things to do but I wouldn't expect that to happen for the MB-5.
Terry Spencer: That's fair. In fact, we've been talking very openly as shared and mentioned, with Arbuckle-II we expect spreads to come back in much narrower than they are today. And that is included in that, that assumption is included in that 20% greater than 20%.
Terry Spencer: Well, I think we did lag early in the Q1 due to weather and there was let's face it, not only cold but there's a lot of snow. So it was difficult to get out there and connect wells. Second quarter we obviously strengthened and connected quite a few. I think the remainder the year we'll hit our guidance on our well connects some of that is just waiting on some capacity that certain compressor stations. So, I think we're in good shape to hit our guidance numbers for the year on our well connects and volume guidance.
Terry Spencer: What I would say in when we look at the NGL volume growth in 2019 that has exceeded our expectations. For that is we probably have not seen quite as much ethane come out of rejection as we thought but we're seeing more ethane on our system than we thought from the growth in other areas. So we are seeing that offset a little bit. But dividing the big thing is we are seeing more volume growth than we thought we would see at this time. 
Terry Spencer: It has not impacted them at all. We are going to reprice our services off of alternatives, also what the marketplace is. And remember that NGLs are byproduct, it needs to be taken away in areas people can't get the capacity, they are flaring with what they say. So the absolute price of the NGL does not have an impact on what we can charge for our services.
Terry Spencer: Market's fractionation capacity is still pretty tight, there is a lot coming on. And pipeline capacity obviously tight because we're building new ones as we come on, as well. So yeah the market is still fairly tight in all areas. 
Terry Spencer: Ethan, this is Terry. Not very high, candidly, when you look at the gross laid of opportunities that we have going forward. When you think about it from an accretion standpoint, we are talking dollars a share and additional earnings to come to the Company over the next several years. We can really get that from strategic M&A. Now there may be some assets from time to time that we could buy with cash that could make some sense. But right now, we really don't see anything out there that's that compelling or valuations, in particular that makes sense particularly when you think about the alternative we have to invest organically. 
Terry Spencer: Well, that is a good question. We continue to look at how fast can you fill up and we're, as we said, we can add pumps fairly quickly as we go forward. But you're right, we -- if I go back to the original start of your question, the modularity and the optionality we have through our system gives us a lot of flexibility. And the first one is, is actually Sterling III is on royalty today, we will take all Sterling III's raw feed, put it on Arbuckle and open that up for purities and that's why we believe the spreads we can come when they'll be will come together. And then we will take -- we think hopefully very quickly will take Arbuckle up to 1 million barrels if all the capacity comes online as we think it's going to come online we see into the future. But we still think above that will -- we will put the pumps and go to 1 million barrels. We still have some headroom to breach that million barrels that we have not contracted for today. But we should be in the upper end of Arbuckle II and full pipelines are a good thing. And if we need to build another pipeline because we see that kind of volume come out, we'll build another pipeline.
Terry Spencer: The Northern section can do 600,000 barrels and the Southern section can do 1 million barrels. So that leads -- and West Texas pipeline is going to come in right where Arbuckle II transitions from a 24 inch or 600,000 barrels to a 30 inch or 1 million barrels.  So that leads 400,000 barrels a day that's open for West Texas to sale that does not impact the volume coming down from the north. And that's how the system was designed. That was our plan in the beginning. So you can -- we are anticipating we could see upwards of 400,000 barrels come off West Texas and go on to Arbuckle II. 
Terry Spencer: That's correct. Or as we continue to get to 400,000 barrels a day on West Texas, we're going to have to have a complete new line out of the Permian to Arbuckle II which would free up West Texas from the Permian -- the legacy West Texas system from the Permian to the Gulf Coast to us for some other service, which would include crude. 
Terry Spencer: I mean, again, as Sheridan kind of alluded to on the dock question. Yeah, there have been announcements out there, there's more capacity that's going to be announced. We do see some of the short term rates or spot rates have been pushed down. But like Sheridan mentioned, I think the key is, as we talk to customers, we're looking longer term, we're looking for rates are going to the economically justify a project. And that's the way we'll approach it.
Terry Spencer: Michael, I think that we're definitely not going to give you 2021 guidance, and we're stepping out a little further than we usually do and give you to an outlook on 2020. So you're going to have to do your own work here. But if you just take the capital that we're investing and recognize that we're in the same multiple in some of these incremental projects or even at better multiples, 2021 is looking pretty good too.
Terry Spencer: Well, I think the frac is a perfect example of putting -- adding capacity at about half the price of build is definitely better than a 4 to 6 multiple.
Terry Spencer: All right. Well, thank you, everyone. Our quiet period for the third quarter starts when we close our books in early October, and extends until we release earnings in late October. We will provide details for that conference call at a later date. Thank you for joining us and the IR team will be available throughout the day for your questions. Have a good week. 
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Terry. Our second quarter 2019 net income totaled $312 million, or $0.75 per share, an 11% increase year-over-year. And second quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $632 million a 5% increase year-over-year.  Distributable cash flow in the second quarter 2019 was $540 million up 19% from the second quarter 2018, with a healthy dividend coverage of 1.51 times. We also generated more than $180 million of distributable cash flow in excess of dividends paid in the second quarter 2019.  During the second quarter, we paid a dividend of $0.865 per share. And last week, we announced a dividend increase to $0.89 per share, or $3.56 per share on an annualized basis. This increase further underscores our confidence in the increasing cash flow we expect to generate from projects we have recently completed or will complete in the coming months. The dividend is payable on August 14 to shareholders of record on August 6.  Our June 30 net debt to EBITDA on a trailing 12 month basis was 4.2 times. With the earnings expected from these projects we expect to be at 4 times debt to EBITDA run rate in the fourth quarter of 2020 or first quarter of 2021, with deleveraging continuing in the quarters to follow. Our liquidity remains strong as we ended the second quarter with the full $2.5 billion available on our credit facility and more than $270 million of cash on hand. We announced additional natural gas an NGL expansion projects last week that we expect to provide attractive returns for minimal capital invested. We do not expect these projects to impact our 2019 growth capital guidance range of $2.5 billion to $3.7 billion, as most of the spending will happen in 2020 and 2021. Because of the accelerated timing on some of our projects, we anticipate ending the year towards the higher end of our capital guidance range. As spending on our large pipeline projects winds down early next year, we expect capital expenditures in 2020 to be lower than 2019.  Producer activity, project timing and additional committed volumes on our system, all add up to an impressive backdrop for ONEOK's growth. As we sit today, we are even more confident in our outlook that our 2020 adjusted EBITDA will increase greater than 20% with an emphasis on the greater than when compared with our 2019 guidance midpoint.  I'll now turn the call over to Kevin for a closer look at our operating performance. 
Walt Hulse: No, we haven't changed any of our guidance and don't expect to do that today on this call. Obviously, as we get through the year we will continue to evaluate whether we're going to adjust that. But right now we're giving that outlook on 2020 off of the midpoint to let people have a basis on which to think about it.
Walt Hulse: Nothing really out of the ordinary Northern Border made an off cycle distribution, in addition to our normal quarterly distribution in the second quarter, but nothing, nothing out of the ordinary course of business.
Walt Hulse: Now, it's a distribution in excess of earnings for the quarter, and that catches us up. So distributions going forward will track with earnings as they have in the past.
Kevin Burdick: I think I mean, clearly there, you know, it's something we're looking at, we're paying attention to, when you look at the capacity that's getting ready to come online across the basin. And, you know, we do believe we can continue to, in the basin we will continue to displace gas coming from Canada. But absolutely, there are conversations going on, you know, a variety of different outlooks and we're participating and all those conversations.
Kevin Burdick: Well, I mean, it varies as we contract new plants. Obviously if you're getting a plant in the Mid-Continent and new contracted plant that's going to be tied, you know directly to Arbuckle II as we get a new Bakken plant if those barrels are going to all go all the way to Belvieu then that will be included in both Elk Creek and Arbuckle II. So that's how we break it down. I mean, you share any other thoughts on just in general how... 
Kevin Burdick: Yeah, I think -- Michael it is Kevin. I think the plant projects are going to be in our kind of our standard 4 to 6 times, but some of the other just expansions and frac expansions that we've talked about can be done at lower costs and new constructions are going to be better than that.
Kevin Burdick: Yeah, Dennis it's Kevin. Well, in this case with our complex down there, we had some spare capacity for somewhat I'd call it kind of utilities, some refrigeration, some heaters that are typically long lead equipment, long lead time type equipment items. And so we're able to leverage some existing spare capacity, we have to bring up the frac and kind of a partial mode. And then as we've installed the rest of that equipment, that's what we'll get it up to full capacity in '20. 
Kevin Burdick: Yeah, this is Kevin. I mean, I think the obviously the huge driver, there is the backlog of flared gas and the inventory we talked about up in the Bakken. And when you think about to just kind of put the math to the 100,000 barrels a day that we expect on Elk Creek by the first quarter. And you put that out over the course of the year, and then you've got a full Demicks Lake II plant running full for the entire year, you got Demicks II ramping up and then you've got growth on the Permian and Mid-Continent as well. But when you just go back to the 500 million cubic feet a day that's flaring in the Bakken across the basin, and the processing capacity that's coming online between now and the first quarter that just generates a significant amount of NGLs, which is the primary driver for the '20 number.
Kevin Burdick: I think when we think about LPG exports, we're going to continue to engage the market to understand what the market is and what's going on there. But what we're not going to do is go out there and do uneconomic project or just build something to say we have an export terminal. So we're continuing to use our capital disciplined, as we evaluate that, but we will always be involved in engaging the market on exports. And when we get to the time that we see that we have an economic project that we want to go forward and then we will we will go forward with that time.
Kevin Burdick: Shneur, this is Kevin. I mean, yeah, technically, you would have that flexibility. But we see nothing right now that would cause us to do that. In fact, it's just the opposite, our customers are -- they need more capacity in this Dunn County area. The results they've seen and these are some large, well-capitalized producers with large acreage blocks, they want to drill this area out and the plants full. And the only reason they're not deploying more capital down there right now is because of capacity. So we clearly see, this is a growth area for us. And we started off looking at a smaller expansion and the more color we got from producers, about their immediate plans, we continue to push it up and decided to put a 200 million a day expansion in.
Kevin Burdick: Again Ethan, this is Kevin. We continue to see growth, when you just look at the track record with rigs in that for 55 to 60 range for the basin. We have seen significant gas production growth and just remember that gas production is growing at a faster clip than crude production because of the GLR and the increases there. So there is a lot of positives about gas production, you look at some of the forecast out there. We believe there is definitely growth beyond that horizon you mentioned.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. I think we definitely agree with that. And again, as we discussed earlier, there are a variety of projects being discussed in different avenues to get more residue out, but clearly if we stay on a growth trend, you were -- the basin is going to need some additional takeaway capacity over the next two, three, four years. 
Sheridan Swords: Christine this is Sheridan. We think by the time we bring Elk Creek back off when we get the Northern section of Elk Creek completed, we will be railing upwards of 30,000 barrels a day again. 
Sheridan Swords: Michael, this is Sheridan. I think as we look at the overall price, if you keep crude at the level it is today, you'll see a little uptick in prices. Obviously we're seeing more export capacity for propane come online, which should create more demand and you're seeing more crackers come online. That you should see some uptick in absolute price here through the end of the year and into 2020. Not a huge spike but I think you'll see some strength. On the Conway to Belvieu spread right now, we think that where it is today is where it's going to be or in this range through the third quarter and start into the fourth quarter. Then you'll get into some seasonality issues that probably will bring that spread in a little tighter than it is today. Then of course, as we've said before, once we bring Arbuckle II online, that spread will go back to more what we have seen historically, which is much narrower than we have today. 
Sheridan Swords: And what I would add from model G&P standpoint would be, I think our well connect guidance that we gave, were trending as though we're going to exceed that, and I think we probably well this year.
Chuck Kelley: Jeremy, this is Chuck. We can talk first about G&P. I think we could trend higher. It's going to come down through one our pipeline infrastructure, some of our field facilities come on. So it's a matter of timing, as we do towards the end of the year. And as you think about our gas pipe business, we've seen very good demand for our -- not only our interoperable volumes, but our balancing services and short-term storage services, which are kind of driving some incremental earnings that we hadn't necessarily planned on. So both of the segments are doing very well right now, demands up and we're just taking care of customers at this point.
Chuck Kelley: We're still planning on hooking up another, two more plants in the Mid-Continent second half of this year. So we're still seeing some need for capacity. 
Chuck Kelley: Yes, this is Chuck. Today there's roughly about 150,000 barrels a day of ethane going into Northern Border. We actually looked at this just the other day and the North Dakota pipeline authority has some information out at their website about it. With forecasts over time depending on the mix between Bakken gas and Canadian gas filling that pipe, you could see it as much as 180,000 to 200,000 barrels of ethane.
Chuck Kelley: Typically, we don't see that, where we see people come up need NGL takeaway capacity is when you're looking at building a new plant. So when they build the new plants when they'll secure the NGL takeaway capacity for that complete new plant, and then they'll grow into it as they -- on the crude on that side of it. So just because they signed up for a long crude term deal doesn't necessarily mean they're going to sign up for NGLs and vice versa.  But you really got to look at when you start seeing more plants being announced they have either are going to sign up for NGLs or have already signed up for the NGL takeaway.
Chuck Kelley: Craig, this is Chuck. We guided to $0.90 to $0.95, we are at $0.93 today. Obviously, with more Bakken gas coming out, it's higher margin relative to our Mid-Con business so that’s part of the driver. In addition to that you get in the contract mix, different producers we have different fees. And so is it sustainable? I think we are solid in there range.
Chuck Kelley: Yes, this is, Chuck. No, the -- sequentially we are about $6 million lower and pretty much just due to timing between the quarters. So if you average those two quarters together, run rate might be a little bit higher as we as we progress towards Demicks I and II, bringing on more employees and more field cost, but that's pretty much -- those are good numbers for the year.
