Terry K. Spencer: Thank you, Derek, and good morning. Let's start with our natural gas distribution segment. As you saw in the news release, first quarter 2013 earnings were higher compared with the same period last year, reflecting higher rates in Oklahoma, Kansas and Texas. Operating costs were higher compared with the first quarter 2012 primarily because of share-based compensation expenses due to the appreciation of ONEOK's share price along with increasing pension expenses and property taxes. While energy services' earnings are up compared with the same period last year, it continues to experience challenging market conditions. In the first quarter, this segment realized an operating loss of $4.4 million compared with a loss of $30.7 million first quarter of 2012. We did see a reduction in storage and transportation costs of $7 million due to the reduction in our leased storage capacity. We have 53 Bcf of natural gas storage capacity under lease at the end of this quarter compared with nearly 76 Bcf at March 31, 2012. John, that concludes my remarks about ONEOK.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, that's a great question, John. I think that when you look at this over the long term and when we sit down and talk to these petrochemical companies, they recognize as you look at what's being developed today and you look at the potential demand for another 700,000 barrels a day for ethane as you reach this 2017 timeframe, they recognize that there's a potential for an undersupplied situation. However, they recognize, too, that there's a lot of potential in these shale plays and that there is a lot of capacity being developed upstream and that the midstream companies are going to do what they need to do to make that supply materialize. So the projects, at least as they're indicating to us, are going to happen and the fact that we're painting this picture of an ethane undersupply doesn't seem to affect them one bit in terms of their psychology.
Terry K. Spencer: I mean, certainly in the near term, we feel that way. In this 2014 to 2015 timeframe, there's going to be continued demand creep and we've seen it as recently as this first quarter. We've seen 50,000 barrels a day of incremental ethane demand come from some expansions that have started up. So the experts continue to see this happen. The other thing that's going to happen, particularly with propane prices running up with the export demand, you're going to see this switchover from propane to ethane occur. And that happened significantly in the first quarter. So as you move into this 2014 timeframe, we think the markets are going to be more balance. And it's not really going to be until you get into that 2016 and 2017 timeframe, where we're going to be kind of behind the 8 ball. The thing you've got to remember, too, with these petrochemical companies is the demand pull they're seeing on their side for ethylene in the world market is huge. The spreads that they're realizing are off the charts. And so it is going to take something extremely major to get them to change their minds in terms of building and continuing to build out these world-class crackers.
Terry K. Spencer: Michael, at a high level, I mean, certainly we're bringing on these new processing plants and so we're going to incur increased operating expenses. So our per unit operating expenses are going to be higher. But until we get the volumes behind these plants -- I mean, when you operate a processing plant, it costs you about the same amount of money to operate a processing plant that's at 25% load as it does to operate one that's at 100% load. So you're going to -- as you ramp up, you're going to go through this period of higher per unit operating cost on the front end because you're bearing the full load. Then on top of that, you're bearing depreciation and then interest expenses and the whole nine yards, okay? So until we get these plants full, which we expect to do later on this year, you're going to see these higher per unit costs. And as we fill that volume up, the per unit operating cost will go down.
Terry K. Spencer: Michael, we always see winter in the Bakken. So we had some pretty significant inclement weather that affected us really more from a well connect standpoint. Not much of an impact, though, from an expected revenue standpoint. We had severe weather, I think, the quarter a year ago. So I mean, it's to be expected. So I'm not going to bellyache about 24 inches of snowfall.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, I'll take the first part of your question, Becca. The 90,000 barrels a day is what we're expecting for pretty much most of this year. We don't really see that changing. We've seen ethane prices and natural gas prices move around a lot in this first quarter. But the volume of rejection has really stayed fairly steady. So we really don't expect a change. From a residue standpoint at these processing plants, the pipelines seemed to be just fine taking the natural gas, so there's not any significant quality issues that we've seen. So we expect that level to stay around the 90,000 barrels per day. And then to your other question, Pierce, do you want to grab...
Terry K. Spencer: Becca, I think that maybe this might help. One of the other things that we expect to happen is, in the third quarter of 2013, we're going to be starting up that MB-2 fractionator. So we'll see a significant ramp-up in NGL volume when we start that facility up. So that might get you part of the way there.
Terry K. Spencer: No, we haven't. We still -- as we've indicated for this year, $0.05 a gallon for ethane and looking in the $0.10 a gallon range as we move out to 2014 and 2015. We still feel strongly, as we've said many, many times before, we expect these spreads to narrow and they have narrowed. And they're going to move back into that cost-of-build range. And so certainly, our view over this next 2 to 3 years has remained at that level.
Terry K. Spencer: Right. I mean, when we look at natural gas as far as it affects our business, our gathering and processing business, we're well hedged at pretty attractive prices. When you look at our customers on the NGL front, certainly those spreads, the ethane spread in particular that you're referring to, affects their throughput. Certainly, if natural gas prices go higher, it could affect their economics. But we saw very low prices in the first quarter for ethane and our view is that if those prices -- as weak as those spreads were, that 90,000 barrels a day seemed to act like a floor.
Terry K. Spencer: Certainly, that's a possibility. I think that one of the things, too, that you have to keep in mind, too, is last year when you're talking specifically about natural gas, we saw significant coal displacement in the power generation sector. Just based upon what the experts are saying this year, probably not going to see that.
Terry K. Spencer: Sure, Elvira. We do see supply growing on the heavier end of the barrel. In particular, you've heard a lot of discussion about normal butane being an issue. But one of the things that has been emerging, much like for propane, the export markets have been increasing, not just for propane but for LPGs as a whole. So the heavier end of the barrel, in particular normal butanes, are finding its way into the export pool as well. So as those volumes continue to grow, they will continue to drive attractive price levels in the international markets and find their way into the export pool. At least that's what experts are telling us.
Terry K. Spencer: Helen, they're pretty much protected from a volume standpoint because the vast majority of these contracts are, as you say, they're firm-based, frac-or-pay or ship-or-pay type contracts. So they're going to be pretty well insulated from volume risks. However, they won't start up chock-a-block full when we begin. But the revenue streams will be there.
Terry K. Spencer: That's correct. I think one other comment that I'll make as it relates to these firm contracts, and I've made this comment before, is not every one of these contracts is 100% firm. So when we negotiate these contract rates, there will be a very high percentage, 90% or so -- and I'm not going to give you details for competitive reasons. But there will be some high percentage of that contract that will be structured firm.
Terry K. Spencer: Helen, the reason it came up to $0.85 is because the $0.66 was based on a full ethane recovery, and so when you -- in actuality, we're not at full ethane recovery because we're not recovering ethane in the Rockies or the Bakken. So when you calculate the weighted average composite price, assuming no ethane recovery in the Bakken, you'd come up with this $0.85.
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, it will affect it. It will be affected by ethane rejection to the extent it extends -- ethane rejection extends into that -- during that period. But remember, as I've mentioned just on the previous question, much of that capacity is subscribed under firm, frac-or-pay contracts.
Terry K. Spencer: Where you'll see it actually, and you've seen it actually in the financials that we produced for this quarter. Where you'll see it is in exchange services, okay? So like if you look at the quarter, we said $40 million improvement in exchange services quarter-over-quarter. Most of that is this recontracting that we're talking about. That's where you'll see it. But it'll be -- from a physical volume standpoint, you'll see it in your gathered volume and you will see it in some of your transportation volume, as well.
Terry K. Spencer: It's really not been an issue so far. I've not heard anything really significant in the way of downstream end users having to adjust their -- significantly adjust their operations to accommodate the ethane left in the gas train.
John W. Gibson: Okay. Thank you, Terry. Now Derek will review with you the ONEOK Partners' financial performance and then we'll go back to Terry. He'll take a look at the partnership's operating performance, the growth projects and then give you a brief update on our view of the current and longer-term NGL market.
John W. Gibson: Thank you, Terry. Before we take your questions, I'd like to just spend a few moments to provide you with some additional comments on our future growth projects. For the last year or so, we've communicated a $2 billion plus backlog of unannounced projects and, during that same timeframe, we've announced $1.5 billion of new projects but the backlog remained unchanged. As Terry discussed early, the partnership's current project backlog is now $2 billion to $3 billion and I'm confident that, over time, we will add to that backlog just as we have in the past. We have always chosen to not discuss publicly the specifics of the projects in our backlog, primarily for competitive reasons. Even though we won't provide insight into the type of projects we're working on and their specifics, I can tell you that we are not interested in acquiring assets or developing projects that involve exploration and production, refineries, petchem or petrochemical crackers, electric power generation, retail marketing of CNG or heavy truck transportation. Every one of our projects starts by understanding the supply and demand of hydrocarbons and where we have a sustainable competitive advantage to provide the assets or services necessary to connect supply with demand. As Terry mentioned, we will continue to grow in our current businesses and our projects are always focused on applying our core capabilities to create value for our customers and our company. In closing, I'd like to again, thank you -- thank our more than 4,800 employees, whose dedication and commitment allow us to operate our assets safely, reliably and environmentally responsibly everyday and create exceptional value for our investors and our customers. Our entire management team appreciates their efforts to make our company as successful as it is today. Operator, we're now ready to take your questions.
John W. Gibson: The other thing to consider is most of those customers, NGL customers, have also hedged much like we have. So their economic decisions, for most case, have been made. I don't think we expect to see significant difference in the amount of ethane rejected due to the rising natural gas price for that reason.
John W. Gibson: So to think about this, 2 different fronts. One is gathering and processing, rising gas prices help us. So we're good with that. The second thing is, theoretically, you're correct. Rising gas prices relative to NGL prices puts more pressure on the ethane rejection volumes. But as we look at the NGL customers that are on our system, most of them are fairly effectively hedged as it relates to 2013 and, really, into 2014. So we don't anticipate to the NGL segment a significant increase in the amount of ethane rejected than from our current levels.
John W. Gibson: I believe that to be true. The first point is the one that we're trying to get across in our comments. And if you look back a year ago, our comments were along the line with this high coverage ratio and high ethane spread between Belvieu and Conway that we didn't think they were sustainable, so we didn't increase our distribution. We foretold that industry infrastructure would have the impact of narrowing that spread over time. And that has come to fruition. And during that time period and even before, I think you'll note that we've been looking to reduce the amount of volume we have that we utilize for optimization and that's the reason why. So I think on both points I'd agree with you.
John W. Gibson: Well, as I've indicated before, that we at the Board level continue to discuss our structure and try to determine that ultimate and/or most efficient structure. Clearly, as you point out, most of our growth has occurred inside the partnership. We've not been successful in paying the values requested in the marketplace for distribution assets. We have said that we believe that the distribution assets at the OKE level do have a positive impact on our credit rating. So the answer to your question is we continue to look at that, from a Board's perspective, at what is the right structure. And we continue to come back to where we are today. But we can't emphasize enough how much we spend time looking at that and talking about it.
John W. Gibson: Well, first of all, we don't make that decision. I don't mean to be sharp about that. But that isn't our call. So what we think -- well, we can just speculate but I don't want to speculate on this call.
