Pierce Norton: Thanks, Andrew, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your interest and investment in ONEOK. Thank you for taking the time to join us. We’ve got a lot to cover today. With me on the call today is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Affairs; and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President of Natural Gas. Yesterday, we announced strong fourth quarter and full year 2021 performance, recording our eighth consecutive year of adjusted EBITDA growth. That equates to a 13% annual growth rate during that eight-year period, highlighting the stable and resilient earnings power of our assets despite various economic and commodity cycles. In 2021, during a year of continued economic recovery in lingering pandemic-related challenges, we grew adjusted EBITDA 24% compared with 2020, continued to strengthen our balance sheet and achieved record natural gas and NGL volumes on our Rocky Mountain region assets. 2021 provided other milestones as well, including our announcement of a greenhouse gas emissions reduction target, receiving an upgraded AA ESG rating from MSCI, and once again receiving a perfect score in the latest Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index. These are only a few of the many great things we’re doing as a company to ensure ONEOK remains a great workplace, community partner and service provider. With yesterday’s earnings announcement, we also provided 2022 financial and volume guidance expectations. We expect increasing producer activity and improving market demand to drive strong volume and earnings growth across our operations. As we’ve said before, we are well positioned financially and operationally in 2022 and for many years to come. Before I hand the call over to the team for more details on 2022, I’d like to reiterate what makes ONEOK so uniquely well positioned for the long term. First, our extensive and integrated assets, which are located in some of the most productive U.S. shale basins. Our customers are well capitalized with decades of proven reserves and many have announced plans to sustain and grow production levels in 2022. In the Williston Basin, in particular, steady crude oil production still means NGL and natural gas growth for ONEOK due to rising gas to oil ratios. Second, our dedication to safe, reliable and environmentally responsible operations. Our commitment to safety in the environment is a core value for ONEOK. It’s critical for us to be safe and reliable service provider, and we strive to be a good partner in the areas where we operate. Our ESG-related performance is a source of pride for ONEOK, and we’re committed to continuing to make progress. Third, our strong balance sheet and investment-grade credit ratings, which provides significant financial flexibility. We’ve reduced our leverage to below 4 times and continue to drive that lower, providing optionality for the future cash flows and investor returns. Fourth, our built-in operating leverage and proven track record of disciplined and intentional growth. After completing more than $5 billion of capital growth projects prior to the pandemic, our systems have significant capacity to grow alongside the needs of our customers. And because of our large infrastructure projects are complete, we now have opportunities for short-cycle bolt-on type projects at attractive returns. Fifth, the resilience and increasing demand for natural gas and NGLs. We deliver energy products and services that are vital to an advancing world. And we believe these resources will play an important role in the energy transformation. And finally, the depth and experience of this management team who have a proven track record and extensive experience. This team has been through commodity cycles, adapted business models and adopted significant changes in technology and innovation over the years. This team continues to grow our core business and advance our company forward. It is because of these factors and the segment-specific drivers the team will discuss in a moment that I have such confidence and excitement for ONEOK’s future. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Walt for a discussion of our financial performance.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Kevin, and thank you, Walt. Strong financial and operating results in 2021 have provided momentum for another year of growth. We continue to benefit from our interconnected systems, built in operating leverage and the ability to incrementally grow with our customers. We continue to invest in our core businesses, remaining focused on optimizing our assets and staying dedicated to operating responsibly and reliably. Service is another one of ONEOK’s core values, and it is something that our more than 2,800 employees know very well. Through 2021, they worked tirelessly through severe weather events like Winter Storm Uri to serve our customers and continue delivering the vital energy products necessary for the global economy to run. Our employees’ dedication to meeting customers’ needs while operating safely and responsibly, enabled our strong 2021 performance and has set us up for another year of growth in 2022. With that, operator, we’re ready to answer questions.
Pierce Norton: Jeremy, this is Pierce. I think, given our asset capacity that we have today and then given kind of the backdrop that you described, which is improved demand and improved commodity prices, is really what’s kind of driving this volume metric growth, and we all know that volume impacts us. I’d probably say that our outlook today is as good or better than our guidance midpoint.
Pierce Norton: So, Michael, I’ll weigh on that. This is Pierce. I mean, yes, we do look at M&A opportunities in all of these basins. We kind of drop them into kind of two categories, a defensive kind of play versus a proactive look at it. As it relates to looking at these, when you look at -- especially in our NGL business, when you look at the length of our contracts in a lot of these places and you look at maybe the prices that you have to pay to get the G&P opportunities that feed the NGL business, then we just don’t see that as being maybe a place where we would deploy our capital when you look at it as the benefit to our shareholders. So, yes, we look at them, but so far, we haven’t found anything that we think is attractive there.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Pierce. ONEOK’s fourth quarter and full year 2021 net income totaled $379 million and $1.5 billion, respectively. Adjusted EBITDA for the same periods totaled $847 million and $3.38 billion, respectively, representing year-over-year increases of 14% for the fourth quarter and 24% for the full year. Our December 31 net debt-to-EBITDA was just below 4 times, passing through an important marker and our continued deleveraging strategy. We continue to prioritize reducing leverage below 4 times and view 3.5 times or lower as our long-term aspirational debt-to-EBITDA goal. In 2021, we reduced our total outstanding debt more than $600 million by proactively paying off nearly $550 million of maturing debt on November 1st with cash on hand and being opportunistic with open market repurchases earlier in 2021. We currently have no debt maturities due before the fourth quarter of 2022. Fourth quarter results reflect volume growth in our Rocky Mountain region that was offset by higher operating costs. These higher costs were driven by discretionary employee-related benefit costs and expenses related to planned O&M maintenance projects completed in the fourth quarter in our natural gas liquids and our natural gas pipeline segment. As Pierce mentioned, with yesterday’s earnings announcement, we provided 2022 financial guidance, including a net income midpoint of $1.69 billion and EPS of $3.76 per diluted share. We also provided an adjusted EBITDA range of $3.5 billion to $3.8 billion, with $3.62 billion as our midpoint, representing a 7% increase compared with 2021. We expect double-digit earnings growth at the midpoint for both the natural gas liquids and natural gas gathering and processing segments, driven by higher volume expectations across our operations. Kevin will provide more detail on our volume outlook. In our natural gas pipeline segment, we expect earnings to be stable year-over-year when adjusting for Winter Storm Uri in the first quarter of 2021. Our 2022 guidance assumes producer activity associated with WTI crude oil prices in the low $70 range. Sustained higher prices could lead to more activity and the quicker volume ramp, which could drive earnings towards the higher end of our guidance range. We expect total capital expenditures of approximately $975 million, which includes growth and maintenance capital. This midpoint reflects the investments necessary to keep up with the expected increase in producer activity and volume expectations, including investments to complete Demicks Lake III in early 2023 and MB-5 in mid-2023. Our routine growth capital accounts for a higher number of well connects and other high-return routine growth projects such as pump stations, compression expansions and other debottlenecking projects to meet our customer needs. Our guidance also assumes the impact of inflation. As we’ve mentioned previously, we have escalators on many of our natural gas liquids, and gathering and processing contracts. These are typically tied to either CPI or PPI indexes and provide protection from rising costs. We expect these types of escalators to keep pace or exceed inflationary costs as we move forward. I’ll now turn the call over to Kevin for an operational update.
Walt Hulse: Well, we’re very pleased with how we’ve progressed on our leverage metrics and that we broke through that 4 times in our head and direction, as you mentioned. I think that as I said on the last call, we’re trying to triangulate between a couple of different metrics and just not entirely focused on the debt-to-EBITDA metric. We’re also focusing on a dividend payout ratio. As you see at the guidance, we’re starting to break under 100%. And that’s trending again and also in the right direction. And we’d like to see that get some room under that 100% as we look and think about capital in the future. But there’s no doubt that our flexibility as we move forward and these metrics get in line continues to broaden and be a little bit more flexible. And we’ll look at that as the year and going into ‘23 progress.
Walt Hulse: Tristan, there’s no doubt that we continue to see an upward trend in our return on invested capital, and that really comes back to the operating leverage, that we’re seeing growth and we don’t have to put capital -- meaningful capital into our pipeline assets that we built. Obviously, a pump station here or there as volume grows, but that operating leverage has -- year-over-year continues to fall to the bottom line, and we have enjoyed and expect to continue to enjoy increasing return on invested capital going forward.
Walt Hulse: Well, like I said, if we just -- I guess, the way to think about it, if we look at kind of the full year 2021, I do think our costs will be up a little bit in 2022 just overall. I mentioned before, you’ll see a full year of Bear Creek too. The other item I forgot to mention earlier was taxes. You’ll see we’ll have an increase in our ad valorem taxes in ‘22 versus ‘21, so those type of things. And then just the ongoing volumetric costs that are associated with the volumetric growth, which we’ll see with the growth we’re seeing across our system.
Sheridan Swords: Michael, this is Sheridan. What we -- as we said before, what drives that is the difference between natural gas prices in the Bakken compared to ethane prices in Mont Belvieu. And so, what’s going to drive that rate higher is if we see that spread continue to wide, we will incentivize more ethane out of the Bakken to capture that spread. So, it’s not -- we’re not putting out a new tariff or reducing TNF fees. We’re actually literally capturing gas price to ethane prices, which today is widened out wider than what we saw in ‘21.
Sheridan Swords: Brian, this is Sheridan. I think what you need to look at is on the G&P side, what we noted in our release was that an increase in the Rocky Mountain region. On the NGLs, the increase was across our regions. And one of the big contributors to that is the Mid-Continent is growing less than 8%. So, that’s bringing down the average for our NGL segment. And also in our guidance, we have less incentivized ethane than we did in 2021. So that’s another reason that you brought it down a little bit as well.
Sheridan Swords: Jean Ann, this is Sheridan. When we think about Elk Creek expansion, really, we do look at them both together. So we both look at Elk Creek and the Bakken pipeline to understand when we need to expand. And really, the next expansion on Elk Creek will come on what we call the east-west portion as we see sustainable volume that has to be delivered to OPPL as we optimize that, and we may decide to increase the pumps on that east-west section so that we can move on back off OPPL to optimize our earnings. So, that’s kind of what we look at when we are going forward. So, right now, we feel with the Bakken OPPL connection and Elk Creek, we have plenty of capacity to meet our customers’ needs. And it’s just going to be an option when we expand.
Sheridan Swords: Michael, this is Sheridan. When we look at the Permian, we still continue to be very competitive because we continue to sign up more people. A lot of our competitive advantages, we have a pipe in place there today. We’re connected to a lot of the unintegrated players that want an alternative source. We also have cheap expansions on our system that we can continue to grow. So, we can continue to provide a competitive alternative to other people out the basin, and we see that because our volumes continue to grow. We’re seeing -- as we mentioned, we’re seeing double-digit growth. We’re also seeing growth from people we’ve already contracted. As the volume out there grows on their system, it comes to our system. And we have long-term contracts in place, as we do in every other place. The M&A question...
Sheridan Swords: Alex, this is Sheridan. As we think about capacity on Elk Creek in the Bakken, as I said, if we think about them together, we currently have a 440,000 barrels a day of capacity. As you said, we’re running in the in the 330,000 to 350,000 range today. We see that -- we’re having plenty of capacity for the period of time now. A lot of that we had incentivized ethane on there. We also we’re pulling that into that. So, we think we have completing capacity on that system going forward for a period of time, and we can take it up another 100,000 barrels a day pretty easily, just adding some additional pumps in a very short period of time. So, we feel very comfortable with our capacity coming out of the Rockies.
Chuck Kelley: Yes. Michael, this is Chuck. I do, and we do. We believe that the Bakken will need some resolute takeaway, let’s say, in the next, call it, three years either side of that. And as you may have heard on TC Energy’s call, they said don’t be surprised if you see an open season this spring. And frankly, I think all stakeholders, processors, pipelines and producers realize the decision probably needs to be made this year to effectuate that time line. So between Northern Border’s Bison Express pipeline and some underutilized pipelines in the Powder River Basin, I think we’ll be able to go ahead and manage that egress.
Chuck Kelley: One thing -- excuse me, Colton, this is Chuck. One thing I would add is you’ve seen our volume guidance. So, obviously, our volumes are up year-over-year. And as part of that, we do have some percentage of proceeds exposures, roughly, call it, 15%, 18%. And at these volumes and these prices, you have a larger commodity piece contribution to our EBITDA. So the $1 to $1.05 average fee rate is across our segment. Obviously, the Bakken is higher. So I’m not necessarily following your question.
Chuck Kelley: Jean Ann, this is Chuck. No, we see an increase of -- I think our volume guidance came up roughly 2%. We actually, I think that might be a little light, it might be more like 3% to 5%. So, we did guide on volume slightly higher than our actuals from last year. And we do have good line of sight to the 30 to 50 well count that we put out in guidance right now. We’ve got 4 rigs operating on our acreage, well capitalized publics behind that with a couple of private coming in Q2 and early Q3. So, I would say that our Mid-Continent volumes will be up, obviously, relative to 2021.
Chuck Kelley: Sunil, this is Chuck. What I’d say about our well connect cadence for 2022, in some ways, it resembles 2021. We had, as you said, a lot of momentum, 130-plus well connects coming out of Q4. 2022 is more back-weighted to Q2 and Q3, just as it was in 2021. We did have some momentum, obviously, carry into here into Q1 this year. Q2, typically, it’s a little dip every year because of frost laws and the weather spring. But -- so the cadence would be more back weighted to Q3 and Q4. Volumes associated with that would probably resemble the well connect activity.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Jeremy, it’s Kevin. Yes. That phenomenon still exists. If you -- if we rewind a little bit pre-COVID, we were bumping up against those -- some BTU downstream challenges. And there was a lot of discussion in the basin and Northern Border had proposed a new tariff that ultimately got denied and FERC asked the pipe to go back and work with shippers, work with markets to produce a little more information. COVID hit and it really reduced the volumes back to where it wasn’t an issue. If you look at gas production or gas capture in the Bakken today, we are back up to the pre-COVID levels. So the only thing that’s keeping that problem from being persistent is the ethane that we’re recovering on an incentivized basis, which is reducing the heat content. If that market turns around and we don’t incent ethane, then that’s going to raise the BTU content back on border to the levels we were seeing pre-pandemic. So absolutely Northern Border continues to have those conversations. It’s our understanding, they will go back to FERC with a recommendation sometime this year. But in the meantime, we’ve proven if we do end up with a heat content issue, we can always recover ethane to make that okay -- the BTU spec back okay on the pipe. But if that’s a forced ethane recovery because of a BTU limit, that would be at full rates.
Kevin Burdick: I mean when we think about crude -- yes, we think about crude production in the flat -- excuse me, in the Bakken, it’s going to be -- we believe it will grow slightly. I mean, we don’t think it’s going to grow at 10%, but we do believe there will be some level of growth based on what our customers are telling us. And the completions that we see on schedules, et cetera. With that crude production growth, we obviously then believe our gas production is going to grow at the percentages that we’ve outlined previously. So, I guess, that’s how we’re thinking about that STACK/SCOOP going down the Mid-Continent. This is one that we’ve been saying flat to slightly declining. However, with the recent activity pick up, we’re probably looking at it in a slight increase type environment. I think that’s consistent with what some others have said on their calls as well with some of the recent information. And obviously, the Permian is going to grow and has shown growth, and we believe we’ll continue to get our fair share with both, our West Texas LPG asset and our OWT system out there. So we believe we can participate in that growth in the Permian.
Kevin Burdick: Well, that’s where Walt mentioned, as we look at activity levels and things like that, we were using a low 70s type number for crude for ‘22. As we think about the rest of the commodities, we’ve driven so much exposure of the commodity exposure out of our business and with how we contract, we really -- that doesn’t have a huge impact to us. I mean, it is a little bit of a tailwind right now at these prices. But it was definitely back if you think of crude in that $70 environment, that would be the associated NGLs and gas prices that we would have been looking at.
Kevin Burdick: Colton, are you talking about specifically about G&P, or are you talking about overall? I’m not sure we followed exactly what you’re asking there.
Kevin Burdick: Colton, I think another thing that’s factored in there is just we’ve seen that fee rate bounce around periodically quarter-to-quarter. So, we’re giving you -- we’re doing our best to give you the average for the year. That fee rate can move around depending on specific producer characteristics. So, if a producer that has a more of a POP contract with a lower fee, all of a sudden completes a bunch of wells in one given quarter, that can actually move that fee rate down. So, what you’re getting there is a blend, but it’s going to bounce around quarter-to-quarter.
Kevin Burdick: Michael, it’s Kevin. Not significantly, and those numbers are baked into the guidance as we think about it. Related to Bear Creek II and Demicks Lake III, we were so far down the road on those projects that when you think about steel and a lot of the materials, a lot of that stuff was already purchased, bought on site, in many cases, installed at the site. Since that time, we’ve gone out and recontracted everything, rebid everything and we’re not seeing anything that would cause us to deviate from where we’re -- what we articulated from a cost standpoint. We are seeing probably a little tick up, as everybody else is, on just kind of your general materials and services. But so far, nothing that would be outside of what we would consider norms that -- and the philosophy is developed when we put the guidance together.
Kevin Burdick: No. I mean, there may be a minor uptick in some of the prices, again, of the materials. But again, all that’s baked into what we’ve got from our growth and maintenance capital budget.
Kevin Burdick: Well, I think it will be -- your heavier spend will be this year and early next year. We do believe both, MB-5 and Demicks Lake III will be completed early in the quarters that we provided out there. And we’re doing everything we can to accelerate them even more because we’d like to have that capacity available. And some of that’s factored into the guidance expectation as well.
Kevin Burdick: No. Craig, this is Kevin. That realized NGL pricing, I think you’re referring to on the G&P side. That’s just a function. It does include our hedges in there, which is what is -- what pulled that down slightly from Q3, I think, is what you’re referring to. So, it’s just a function of all our hedges getting lumped in with what’s going on, on the prices. It’s got nothing to do with the NGL...
Kevin Burdick: On the Elk Creek or the Rockies rate, yes, that is a function of the incentivized ethane. So, that drop in a penny has nothing to do with anything contractually that’s going on. It’s purely the incentivized ethane.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Craig, this is Kevin. I do think that’s possible. We continue to be surprised. I think as I said in my remarks, producers continue to get better and better. So, as each well gets more prolific and as the gas to oil ratios continue to increase, that just means you’re going to need fewer wells to hold production flat. Now, we’d like to see obviously the same capital deployed and grow production. But at the pace we’re going on right now, that’s been a trend over the last several years as each year, it seems like the same number of wells will allow us to stay flat, even though the baseline keeps getting larger. So, that trend could absolutely continue.
Kevin Burdick: And Alex, on the question about the POPs, we provided that earlier. We’re -- again, we’re thinking about it in a low $70 type crude environment. If you go back and look at what NGL prices were doing when crude was kind of in that range, that gets you in the ballpark. And then, gas, kind of that same one. It’d be in the upper 3s, upper $3 type number. The other thing to remember when you’re thinking about the POP is we are about 75% hedged when you look at it in the -- for those POP contracts in 2022. So, there’s really just not a lot of commodity exposure left when you factor in the impact of the hedges as well.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Jeremy, it’s Kevin. Yes, this is something we are actively involved in conversations with state officials with other private entities, et cetera, for opportunities. We’ve had a few conversations with them so far, and we’ve got conversations scheduled with them in the very near future to have discussions around that. I do think there are some opportunities when you look at -- that’s what we do, right? We’ve got a lot of -- we know how to process things. We know how to build pipelines, and we know how to store things. And so, I think there’s opportunities. It’s just finding the right partners up there and getting the right opportunities before we pull the trigger on something, but it’s definitely something we’re actively working on.
