Terry Spencer: Thanks Andrew. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK. Joining me on today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs; and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas. I'll make a few brief comments and then turn the call over to Walt to discuss our first quarter financial highlights. To start, we've continued to see an improving industry backdrop since January. Crude prices have strengthened, producers remain active across our operations and our capital growth program remains on track and on budget. Project construction is progressing very well with our ability to predict expected completion dates improving every week. As it looks today, we now expect the southern section of the Elk Creek pipeline to be complete early in the third quarter of this year and the entire pipeline complete during the fourth quarter. The Arbuckle II pipeline and MB-4 fractionator are expected to be complete in the first quarter of 2020. Keep in mind, the earlier these projects are completed and are placed into service, the earlier ONEOK begins to recognize earnings on them. Based on producer activity and the progress on our projects and assuming no dramatic market change, ending the year at the low end of our capital guidance range is less likely than it was in February. To the extent that we may be above the guidance midpoint of $3.1 billion, we would be spending construction dollars in 2019 that were previously planned for 2020 and accelerating the in-service dates for some projects. Last week, we announced an extension of our Bakken NGL pipeline in North Dakota to connect with a third party natural gas processing plant. We're not only connecting an additional plant, we're reaching into a new area of the Bakken and providing NGL takeaway in Williams County, which historically has had limited transportation options. And by doing so, we are enhancing our ability to provide potential NGL transportation services to more customers. Additionally, our commercial team continues to evaluate a potential NGL export facility on the Gulf Coast. As this opportunity continues to evolve and develop, we will provide further details as appropriate. After more than a year of taking about our capital growth projects, we are nearing completion on several of them. Over the coming months, these projects will add critical NGL takeaway, fractionation and natural gas processing capacity for our customers where they need it the most, providing ONEOK with substantial long-term fee-based earnings and cash flow growth. With that, I will turn the call over to Walt for comments on our first quarter results.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Kevin. We've had a great start to 2019 and are looking forward to getting a number of these projects to the finish line in the coming months. The credit goes to our employees who remain extremely focused on operating our existing assets and building new ones safely and responsibly. We'll be putting hundreds of miles of pipeline and several facilities into service later this year and into next, which will dramatically increase the scale of our operations and provide much needed infrastructure and services for our customers. Our employees work every day to provide solutions for these customers, to enhance our business and to make ONEOK even more sustainable for the long term, all while focusing on safety and reliability, limiting our impact on the environment and providing value to our investors. Again, I want to express my thanks to all of our employees. With that, operator, we're now ready for questions.
Terry Spencer: We just finished the expansion of Sterling III and we really operate those pipelines altogether they move around and we're a little bit under 90% for the total system.
Terry Spencer: We'll start with the contracting. As I said in my remarks that we were now 200,000 barrels a day contracted out of the Rockies region that will ultimately we believe hit Elk Creek. As for the construction and our teams just jumped, they've done a great job executing as we've gone through the first stages of the project as we move forward. We've been very open about starting with the southern section and the team has made great project even through some tough weather and some very wet weather in the winter and early spring. But still on track and got comfortable that we now think it's going to be that southern section, can be complete early in the third quarter. So just a great job of executing so far by our project team as it relates to write away acquisition and getting the pipe in the ground.
Terry Spencer: I think you will be over 200,000, yeah I think you'd be close to 300,000 barrels a day over the next couple of years on that pipeline moving. You already today approaching, 250,000 barrels, that's moving on the pipeline. So I think, we will be over 300,000 next couple of years, easily.
Terry Spencer: Yes we, I mean think about our projects, especially the big four we are in the heavy construction as we went through the first quarter. We’ll continue heavy construction as we go through the second and third quarter. Every project kind of has a natural flow as far as when the capital spent and as you get towards the end it tapers off a little bit so as you see that, but what could change that is again. We're doing everything we can to accelerate these projects that purely from a timing perspective, you might see some dollars. If we're above the guidance we would be, it would just be a shift from $20 into 2019 or vice versa. It's just literally the timing of how that would play out at the end of the year.
Terry Spencer: So the Board is going to continue to take it up on a quarter-by-quarter basis. But what I would tell you is that the fundamental of our business continues to strengthen, given us plenty of earnings to support our dividend growth. And we have not adjusted our dividend growth guidance and we'll let the Board look at it, but we have strong earnings to support our guidance.
Terry Spencer: Most of our new stuff coming on has very limited take or pay and that the market in these last couple rounds as built as not supported take or pay economics. But what I would say is that Mont Belvieu fractionation position and we anticipated the four and five being full, but under the scenario that they wouldn't we're not full we always have the option to take barrels that were fracking in the Mid-Continent moving down to the Gulf Coast and collect the additional Conway to Belvieu spread on that piece, but I don't think. What I'm seeing today with what's coming on. Now, there may be a little bit of short-term overcapacity in the fractionation market. But I think long term beaten up pretty quickly. And also remember that a lot of the players that are building these fracs today are storing raw feed and they will have to frac that off once they come on. So it's not just new production its production that's coming on. Now that we do not have enough frac capacity to today.
Terry Spencer: I think it's maintenance is just normal timing that comes and goes quarter-to-quarter and when the project gets done or not. The other was a small and non-strategic assets that we sold for a very small amount of money. So that was just a kind of ordinary course cleaning up some assets.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Terry. ONEOK's first quarter 2019 net income totaled $337 million or $0.81 per share, a 27% increase year-over-year and first quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $638 million, a 12% increase year-over-year. All three business segments recorded double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth compared with the first quarter 2018. Distributable cash flow in the first quarter 2019 was more than $500 million, but more than 17% from the first quarter 2018 with a healthy dividend coverage of 1.43 times. We continued to reinvest in the business, generating more than $150 million of distributable cash flow in excess of dividends paid in the first quarter 2019. During the first quarter, we paid a dividend of $0.86 per share and in April, we announced an increase to $0.865 per share or $3.46 per share on an annualized basis. The dividend is payable on May 15 to shareholders of record on April 29. Our March 31, debt to EBITDA, on an annualized run rate basis, was 4.0 times and 4.1 times on a trailing 12 month basis. We ended the first quarter with total available liquidity of $3.25 billion, including borrowing capacity of $2.5 billion available on our credit facility and $750 million available on our three-year unsecured term loan agreement. As Terry mentioned, the industry environment has strengthened since the fourth quarter and construction on some of our largest projects could be completed early in the quarter as we've specified. We have clear line of sight to the ramp and timing of expected cash flows on these projects, which combined with our strong balance sheet and financial flexibility, continues to underscore our expectation for no equity financing needs in 2019 or 2020. I'll now turn the call over to Kevin for a closer look at our operating performance.
Walt Hulse: Well, as far as the omission I wouldn't read anything into that. We've been clear on that guidance and it hadn't changed. We established that guidance shortly after the consolidation transaction. So it's in place. So I wouldn't read anything into that. I think as the Board thinks about as we go into the balance of the year and it thinks about our dividend policy going forward, obviously we got the guidance there. But I think the most important fact they will take into consideration is just a tremendous cash flow growth that we see for the company. Business is performing extremely well and particularly with these projects coming online earlier and the growth opportunities we continue to develop, the free cash flow generation really its continuing to exceed our expectations as we look out, so that will be the key thing that they take into consideration as I think about the dividend policy going forward.
Walt Hulse: Yes, I mean I wouldn't think about it that way that you're going to see periods of time where competition for spot space or it to the extent that there is excess capacity on these docs, you're going to see some dock on dock competition that will pressure margins. But as we think about this project, we’re thinking about it long-term contracting solid returns even relative to our other investments that we have obviously, the project itself, it would be a strategic move for us, making sure that we have the ability to clear barrels. We could have the ability to clear barrels even without of dock, longer term, but it's better if we have dock. So, but as Kevin indicated, we're looking at all our options and again it's a project that we are investing a lot of time in and certainly it's a capability that would add value to our existing suite of capabilities.
Sheridan Swords: Christine, this is Sheridan. I think once we get Elk Creek in line that the customers up there are seeing that our alternative for NGL takeaway nets them a greater net back than going the existing route, and as they continue to expand up in that area that their existing outlets are limited and they need that extra capacity. And you are correct, we are putting in a line that could move probably over 200,000 barrels a day, the lateral going over there. We see today other processing plants in the area that this pipeline goes by are producing approximately 10,000 barrels a day. But as we talk to people in the area that 10,000 barrels a day could grow to as much as 40,000 barrels per day in the near future.
Sheridan Swords: I think you're right. As long as you keep Conway ethane in rejection which is sitting there today, you will have about the same amount of ethane, you have today. It may grow a little bit as we bring on couple new plants in the second quarter. But remember, not every plants can't reject – not every plant can reject all the ethane. There some ethane that has to come out naturally anyway on our system. So I think what we're seeing today is what we think we'll see going forward if we stay in a time when Conway going to stand in ethane rejection.
Sheridan Swords: Michael, we are seeing it's a very competitive market out there on the LPG side and if we would get into the LPG and ethane. It would be a very strategic move that we see that we need to be able to clear our product and be able to incite more ethane to come out. So it's a bigger look and just straight economics. No doubt the economics would be more compressed than we've seen on some of the recent projects, but we think it's a long-term play if we would go that route that we would do.
Sheridan Swords: This is Sheridan, obviously is we're starting to get contract up to 200,000 barrels a day. That is really on our mind when we put it in. We have the ability to stagger it, you don't have to go all the way on Elk Creek to the $400,000, there's intermediate steps you can just put a couple of pumps in here in a couple of pumps and there and get incremental capacity, so we can do that in stages we go on but definitely as we reach this 200,000 barrel a day mark. We are definitely looking at when we want to expand that pipeline because we want to make sure that we have the capacity to meet the customers' needs up there and don't get into an issue where the pumps are delayed by anyway by any means.
Sheridan Swords: That's what we said, we were at 30,000 to 40,000 barrels a day of additional, we think we can get. You will see some of that maybe 10 to 20-ish and that we expect will get probably in 2019 with the balance in early 2020.
Sheridan Swords: It’s Sheridan again. What I would say is that it's, I wouldn't say it's going to be slow and gradual, obviously we have the next expansion coming on West Texas pipeline that is contracted and when those volumes come up. They will almost be contracted at a rate twice as our average when that volume comes on. And then obviously we know that we will be losing some legacy volume as other pipelines come on and we have contracted that space as well. So I think there's two big leaps we will see in that rate going up. One is, when we complete the second expansion of the West Texas and the other one will be when their pipelines are completed out of there and volume comes off and we were able to replace it without volumes that we've contracted at the market rate and not at below-market rate.
Kevin Burdick: And Christine it's Kevin. I mean you've also got the significant amount of demand for more ethane coming on in the back half of 2019 as well. So that's going to be, that's going to pull more ethane out also.
Kevin Burdick: Yes Christine this is Kevin. Well, I think it could we're exploring a lot of alternatives but yeah, especially as you think about ethane that would be a scenario that could play out LPGs might have a different approach, but we're working with the markets, on both sides. And we're working with others as well and still working through the details of what that, what that might look like.
Kevin Burdick: Well Michael, this is Kevin. I mean from a gas perspective we set a record in January. So that's always a good sign February, you had quite a bit of weather, not necessarily abnormal, but that pulled production back a little bit which is, standard kind of operating procedure this time of year. There is the feedback we're getting from not only our G&P customers, but then there’s already been a couple calls from some of the other processors up there, the results have been incredibly strong. So we don't see any pullback of volumes of rigs and the results seem to keep getting stronger.
Kevin Burdick: So I think, Michael, this is Kevin. I think we've said and we continue to maintain that the project will - the project will stand on its own merits. So as we look at that obviously, the economics will be key but Sheridan is right it's a very competitive landscape out there for the project.
Kevin Burdick: Yes, this is Kevin and yes, that's still something we watch very closely and stay in touch with - as you push with the basin being in ethane rejection right now you're pushing more and more high BTU content gas into Northern Border, that trend will continue and you're right, if you think about them Demicks 1 and Demicks 2 and the target has plant and Crestwood's expansion and you think about those that all the capacity there and all that residue making its way to Northern Border, clearly we're watching the BTU content at the bottom of border very closely. As we've said, we have the ability, as does the rest of the processors up there to recover ethane. Now, we need to get out Creek and service first before we would have the capacity to do that. But once we have Elk Creek in service, then we've got that's a nice option, we have as an industry, to be able to lower the BTU content on border if we start seeing downstream market impacts.
Kevin Burdick: And the only thing I would add on to that. This is Kevin, the contracted volumes that we talk about and we report really C3 plus volumes and they don't assume any ethane being extracted, so as we also think about our capacity on Elk Creek, we want to make sure we've got the ability and have some capacity available that if we back to Chris' question that if we do need to pull some ethane out because of downstream spec issues or the issues on board in the BTU content that we have the capacity to be able to do that. So we factor that into our thoughts on capacity expansions as well.
Kevin Burdick: Well, I think, this is Kevin. I think clearly anytime there's addition. We don't want to be takeaway constrained right. And so we're always looking for ways to ensure that we have the takeaway for our customers up there. And so that will involve you look at residue in a couple of different ways. And so, I think it would come down to what type of rate, what type of term, and what type of volume commitments that would be required to make a project like that work versus alternatives, that the basin might have of other ways to handle the residue, which would also include handling some of the residue by recovering ethane. So I think that's still under. As we look through it and we’ll be thinking through that, but clearly having. We don't want the Basin to be takeaway constrained from the producer standpoint, we want them to be able to continue to drill.
