Walt Hulse: Thank you, Terry. I'll start with some brief comments on our first quarter financial performance, our liquidity and then our capital allocation strategy as we move forward. ONEOK reported a net loss of $142 million in the first quarter of 2020, which includes a non-cash impairment charge of $642 million or $1.17 per share. Excluding these non-cash impairment charges, ONEOK's EPS was $0.83 per share for the first quarter. First quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $701 million, a 10% increase compared with the first quarter of 2019. Natural gas liquids and natural gas volume growth, higher average fee rates and higher contracted natural gas, transportation capacity, all contributed to year-over-year earnings growth. Distributable cash flow for the quarter -- for the first quarter 2020 was $522 million, up 7% compared with the fourth quarter of 2019. And we reported healthy dividend coverage of 1.35 times. We also generated $136 million of distributable cash flow in excess of dividends paid during the quarter. Earlier this month, the Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.935 or $3.74 per share on an annualized basis. We recorded impairment charges in the first quarter of 2020 related primarily to long-lived assets and goodwill in the natural gas gathering and processing segment. Our asset impairments charges related to gathering and processing assets in Western Oklahoma, Kansas and the Powder River Basin. The timing of these charges was triggered by significant adverse changes in the market environment during the first quarter. From a liquidity standpoint, in early March, we completed a $1.75 billion senior notes offering and used a portion of the proceeds to repay amounts outstanding under our commercial paper program, providing us increased liquidity and balance sheet flexibility during this uncertain market environment. Our March 31 net debt-to-EBITDA on an annualized run rate basis was 4.86 times, and we ended the first quarter with no borrowings outstanding on our $2.5 billion credit facility and more than $530 million of cash. We are still targeting leverage of four times or less, but due to the current environment the time line for reaching target leverage from operating cash flows has been pushed out. As Terry mentioned, with yesterday's earnings announcement we provided a 2020 outlook. The 2020 net income is now likely to be in the range of $500 million to $900 million, which reflects the impairment charges. And adjusted EBITDA is likely to be in the range of $2.6 billion to $3 billion. As Terry said, the range of possible results from our multivariable scenario analyses led us to this 2020 outlook to give our investors a sense of what we view are likely outcomes in the current environment. As the industry recovers, we will update if appropriate. From a capital allocation perspective, in early March we suspended an additional expansion on the West Texas LPG pipeline, the Demicks Lake III plant and reduced the scope of the expansion on Elk Creek pipeline. Yesterday, we announced that we paused several projects and reduced our 2020 growth capital expenditures further. So far in 2020, we have reduced forecasted capital expenditures by $900 million compared with our original 2020 guidance provided in late February. Kevin will discuss these adjustments to growth capital in a moment. We now expect growth capital to range between $1.4 billion and $1.8 billion this year, which includes more than $900 million that we've already spent in the first quarter, as we completed Arbuckle II, Demicks Lake II, MB-4 and 45,000 barrels per day of the West Texas LPG expansion. Only approximately 40% of our 2020 capital expenditures is left to spend over the remaining three quarters. Looking ahead, we can continue to significantly scale back capital. If commodity prices remain depressed and producer activities remain low, we could potentially operate in a $300 million to $400 million annual capital expenditure range, which would include limited routine growth spent in alignment with our producers' needs and maintenance capital. Our flexibility to scale back capital and to adjust to our customers' needs is a significant financial tool we can use in this environment to help preserve balance sheet strength and liquidity. On the other side of the equation, we stand ready to resume these projects as producer activity returns. I'll now turn the call over to Kevin for a closer look at our completed growth projects and operations.
Walt Hulse: I guess the only other comment that, I would make as you think about these ranges that we've put out there and the durability of the business we -- in this range of potential outcomes there are built into some of these numbers pretty significant curtailments, okay? And so you have to think about the lower end of the range and I'm not going to give you specifics because then I'd be giving you financial guidance, okay? But as we look at the potential outcomes, there's a pretty significant percentage of production that we've assumed to be curtailed in one of these scenarios and that's reflected in these numbers. So I think that just in and of itself explains the durability of the business. And unfortunately we can't give you specific – specifics. We'd like to but we can't. Probably as I said in the call, it wouldn't be appropriate for us to do that. But we feel really good about how well positioned in spite of all the things that – the headwinds that the industry faces we're in a pretty darn good position.
Walt Hulse: Well because -- I think it's fair to say that we continually evaluate all options available. But I think it's really important to understand that with the CapEx that we've reduced that we will be cash flow positive definitely in the third and fourth quarter and into 2021. So deleveraging will happen. It's just a question of the pace if there are things that we might do to accelerate that pace. If that makes sense we'll go down that path. But I think Terry addressed our view on the dividend while we look at it on a quarterly basis we will be earning cash flow to pay it going forward. That's our expectation.
Walt Hulse: So Chris, I'm just going to add -- reiterate one thing that Sheridan said earlier in his answer was with respect to propane storage inventory is at a seasonal level. The capacity is -- actually we've got plenty of capacity. So this is the time of year when propane retailers start putting product in hold. And -- so I just want to make sure that was clear.
Walt Hulse: Elvira, as I indicated earlier, the numbers consider substantial curtailments and a significant duration of this downturn. So I think that's about as much as we can give you.
Walt Hulse: So just to say I hear a thing that in an operational way, there's an opportunity to consolidate and find good economic outcomes between multiple different companies.
Walt Hulse: Yes, Craig. That's a quite hypothetical question. I would tell you that -- I would point you to talk to the rating agencies about their view on timing. I think for investment-grade companies, it tends to be a little bit longer view than quarter-to-quarter. And so, as we see this playing out, we see ourselves naturally delevering and we're going to look at other opportunities that might help that along. But I would say if you get out years into this sure everything is on the table. But you're -- that's pretty hypothetical.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Kevin. Our recent project completions and the volumes we've seen materialize prior to this downturn provide confidence in the growth behind our system that is available to capture once demand recovers. ONEOK's strong record of delivering on our expected results combined with our competitive, integrated asset position and high-quality customer base and the best resources plays are fundamentals of our business that provide us with a foundation for stability, even through difficult commodity cycles. We have been through downturns before, and we know how to position ourselves for success as conditions improve. To our employees, both those continuing to work remotely and those who are still reporting to a facility or field location, thank you for your continued work, flexibility and dedication to our company. We're focused on maintaining essential services for our customers and your commitment to continuing to operate responsibly are exceptional. During a very difficult time, you have risen to the challenge by remaining committed to the health and well-being of our company, families and communities. While the near-term view of the world is changing every day, the long-term fundamentals of our strategic business remains strong and well positioned for continued growth, when global energy demand recovers. With that, operator we're now ready for questions.
Terry Spencer: And Kevin I think -- the only thing I'd add to that is we've been in this situation before where we had built up some headroom in our businesses and we're able to harvest cash flow. And so with the prospect of 2021, CapEx spending being very low we'll be right back to that particular situation. So when you start looking at that the free cash flow generation of the business is pretty significant.
Terry Spencer: We always have the ability to flex our rates if we need to to be able to bring ethane on, on an economic basis. So that is always out there that we have the ability not only in the Bakken or Williston, we also have that ability in the Mid-Continent. So if we see the opportunity to be able to flex our rates a little bit to bring volume on we will do that. We also have to be cognizant of is if the market is bounced at certain prices, if we bring more volume on from another basin, it could push out volume from a basin that is flowing today. So we take all those things into consideration. But to answer your question, we do have that ability to flex our rates -- our NGL rates out of the Williston Basin.
Terry Spencer: That's very true, because the numbers right now are very, very close to recovery economics in the Mid-Continent. And if you take everything into consideration increased propane recoveries when you're in, ethane recovery you could make an argument that in May, we could see some more ethane come out of the Mid-Con that we hadn't predicted.
Terry Spencer: Elvira, I think -- thanks. Terry. I think it's fair to say that if we see a -- this continued downturn, the faster producers curtail and correct the supply and demand imbalance the faster there'll be a recovery. That's how we look at it.
Terry Spencer: Craig I think the other thing that you could see and I've been through this -- through these cycles so many times I can't count. But I think the thing we've seen in the G&P space over the years is that when you get into these down cycles, people start talking that is midstream companies start talking about asset consolidation and shutting underutilized facilities down and underutilized gathering systems and doing offloads. And you could see those kinds of things that it's going to matter which side of the coin you're on could brought by either revenue benefit or cost savings benefit. So, we could see some of those discussions happening as we go forward.
Terry Spencer: Sure. Well we could potentially -- there might be facilities that we believe make more sense that we could idle for a period of time and deliver volumes to somebody who has available capacity.
Terry Spencer: Exactly. You do that through offload processing deals or onload -- if you're the receiver you do that through an onload processing deal. It doesn't involve ownership. Thanks Walt.
Kevin Burdick: Sure. This is Kevin. Yeah. I mean, there's a variety of things that's – as we kind of laid out the permutations you look at, when you consider the variability of all the inputs we're looking at that's the reason for the outlook. So obviously, if you get to the upper end demand – for example demand comes back more quickly. Prices recover more quickly. Producers respond more quickly. So at the end of the day, you're getting the volume on your system quicker. On the low end of the range, it's just prolonged. And by prolonged, it could be anything from just how producers respond to how the demand recovers.
Kevin Burdick: No. I mean, we're not going to – again, we're not going to provide specifics on that, because there's a variety of ways you could get to each – to the high end and there's a variety of ways you could get to the low end as well. So we're not going to get into how long, because that would just be kind of factoring in one variable.
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin. When we think -- I mean we start talking 2021 granted that is -- that's out there given the uncertainty today. But the key I'd come back to is, where our assets are located we've got tremendous confidence in the basins where we operate. Those resources are still there. As we look forward when you consider the flare gas that's still available to capture as production comes back up online in the Bakken, that's going to drive additional volumes for our natural gas processing plants and the NGL segment. And I think you hit on the other key point is, with this available capacity, we can do that with extremely minimal capital as we think about 2021 as these volumes come back and the environment improves.
Kevin Burdick: I'm sorry. You were – this is Kevin. Could you repeat that question? You were a little jumbled as it came through.
Kevin Burdick: Okay. Yes. The extension remained in as we think about that. That pipeline was important because it allows us to move Bakken barrels all the way to Mont Belvieu. So we wanted that connectivity. And also keep in mind these projects kind of proceed at different paces and many of them are further along or not further along. So that goes into our consideration as well and why that one is still in the schedule.
Kevin Burdick: Michael, it's Kevin. I'll start and Chuck or others may have some comments. But yes, like we said in our prepared remarks, there's multiple dynamics that could go on impacting flared gas. We have seen some wells shut in that had previously been flaring. So that doesn't impact our volumes obviously. We've also seen some situations where some gas was taken off-line. But other gas that was flaring due to some pipeline or compression constraints started flowing on the system. So effectively it was replaced which would bring flaring down. So yes, I do think these – the curtailments will bring flaring down in a couple of different ways. But the key point there is I think with our capacity – and we had continued to build out some gathering lines as we move through the first quarter. As those volumes come back, we believe we're going to have the capacity to capture the gas much more fully than we did say in the January or February time frame.
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin. Michael the way I guess I would think about that is, you got to remember in the first quarter we always have a winter impact and we were bringing -- we are bringing a lot of these assets online. And so we moved -- as we think about January and February, it wasn't really till we came out in early March that we saw some of the volumes pick up like we expected. Clearly, if you see curtailments as we move through April, May and June, obviously, you're going to see a step down as you move through the second quarter, but then recovery back as we move our way through the back half of the year. So yes, you would expect to see a step down in the second quarter with that recovery in the back half.
Kevin Burdick: Clearly Bakken volumes would be a component of that. But again with our West Texas expansion, with the other assets we brought online, with what we're seeing in the NGL markets and for marketing inventory storage type opportunities, there's a lot of things that I think could -- as we move through the second quarter that could play out for the back half of the year.
Kevin Burdick: Dan, I would tell you that we speak to the rating agencies regularly. I don't know that I necessarily agree entirely with your expectations of where leverage will be on a long-term basis here. And we've spoken about the dividend three times now. So we're not going to get back into it.
Kevin Burdick: Becca this is Kevin. Chuck spoke to that earlier to the earlier question about what drives that fee rate change and that disclaimer. So yes, there are thresholds that he mentioned that are dependent on a variety of things. And we're not going to provide an update at this point of what we think that range would be. But we can tell you that as we've factored in all those scenarios that various outcomes have gone into the $2.6 billion to $3 billion EBITDA range that we provided.
Kevin Burdick: We're not -- Elvira, we're not going to go there as far as providing that information. Like we said, we ran a variety of scenarios that considered a variety of different price, volume, producer activity outcomes. And we believe that the EBITDA is likely to fall within that $2.6 billion to $3.0 billion range. And that's what we're providing at this point.
Kevin Burdick: Well this is Kevin. And I think there's a couple of dynamics there. One is, if they're curtailing gas, what price does it take to have them bring curtail gas back. And without giving a specific number, obviously they're looking at what their variable cost to produce is. That will vary by producer and it'll vary by location. So that's what will go into that. So clearly, that's a lower price. As we think about the next tranche would be completions. There's still 400-plus DUCs in the basin. So that we -- that's going to have a price -- that activity would come back. So, as we move -- as prices improve, those are the things that we'll watch as the curtail gas will come back first and then you'll start seeing completion crews added and producers work off their DUCs.
Kevin Burdick: No I don't know that we would look at it that way. I think it'll be -- as we talk to our customers in each of our basins, we'll -- that's what we'll look at. So, if we continue to see -- we've seen some really strong growth out of the Permian up until the collapse and if we see that continue, then obviously the West Texas expansion would be back on the table. And similarly in the Bakken, if we saw certain areas. And remember with Bear Creek, it is a very -- it's a geographically isolated area. So, it would be specific producers, showing a desire to get activity back in a certain area of the Bakken. So that's the type of thing that would cause Bear Creek to come back online. But it'll be producer-by-producer, processor-by-processor type discussions that will drive those projects.
Sheridan Swords: Christine, this is Sheridan. I think, there's two factors in there. One is, while we were railing volume out of Bakken, we were charging customers a higher fee for that service, especially the ones that were came on for Elk Creek. And as Elk Creek has come on, they've come back to a rate that we contracted with them, which was lower than the $0.30 rate. So I think that as we go forward the $0.28 rate, we see today is a good going forward run rate. Our rates are not determined by which pipeline we use if we put barrels on Bakken or Elk Creek or what we put on OPPL, because the rates you are seeing are -- we charge our customer from a bundled service from a transportation and fractionation. So it's not impacted by which pipelines we use.
Sheridan Swords: Well, as the rate came down obviously we aren't railing as much volume. So our costs have come down as well, but I think going forward $0.28 is what you will see going forward. Obviously, that does have some impact on how much is coming out of the Powder River Basin on that line, which is at a lower fee and how much is coming out of the Bakken.
Sheridan Swords: Michael, we can -- this is Sheridan. We continue to always look at that. And as we expressed earlier, we thought there was always an opportunity to maybe repurpose West Texas Pipeline for crude oil that was -- if that opportunity would manifest itself. So we continue to look at those opportunities as we continue to go forward. Obviously, storage right now is a big commodity that everybody is looking at with the shape of the prices right now that we continue to evaluate. Right now we do think our storage is better used as NGL to play that part of the structure of the market than it is in other product, but we do continue to evaluate the ability to repurpose assets into other service.
Sheridan Swords: Chris, this is Sheridan. I would say in terms of NGL storage capacity we feel we are in a great position on our NGL storage capacity. One is we're at a seasonal time when storage capacity is low where you'd see more building in a normal year. Obviously, this is an abnormal year. But also at this time right now we are seeing great demand for the NGL products. Propane is really being demanded from exporters. Even at times in Mont Belvieu we can't supply with our current production all the needs from people buying product down there that we typically sell to. So propane -- that's why we're seeing propane trade so well versus crude. And we also are seeing that phenomenon on the ethane market that the petchems are still having a very good demand that we've actually had to turn some people away for that we typically supply ethane to because we don't see that we'll have that product in the next month. Now if more ethane comes on through recovery we will be able to satisfy those needs, but we are seeing very good demand for our two biggest products which leads to that we think we have plenty of storage capacity not only for regular operations, but also to be able to capture some of the opportunities that the market are giving us in the contango market that we're seeing.
Chuck Kelley: Hey, Jeremy, this is Chuck. So as you know TransCanada is the operator of Northern Border. So I'm going to answer your question based on our 50% of ownership of Northern Border Pipeline as a partner. So we've been watching over the past quarter in particular as volumes have kind of changed a little bit between Bakken and receipts coming in from Canada as volumes have changed a little bit in the Bakken into the pipeline. So obviously, the pipeline is concerned about anything above 1,100. And this is a fluid situation. As that ratio changes and the mix between Canada and the Bakken you'll see that BTU blend mix in Northern Border and then consequently downstream. So, where the pipeline is today, we understand they're going to go ahead and file their tariff and set an upper limit. I believe it's 1,100 to start June 1. And Northern Border has held numerous formal meetings with shippers, markets, downstream pipes all interested parties regarding that limit. And frankly, the limit -- the BTU spec just needs to be put in place to meet the downstream deliverability requirements in Chicago.
Chuck Kelley: Sure. So as we've discussed in our 10-K and our 10-Qs under a certain percentage of proceed contracts with fees our contractual rates or percentages may increase or decrease. And these are based on several thresholds in the contracts production volume commodity prices system pressures that we're obligated to provide or the producer's obligated to meet. So our average rate can be impacted by those factors and also impacted if volumes increase or decrease on contracts that have different POP percentages or fee rate. So for example we have several large producers who may have contracts that are more fee-based than POP and if they're currently curtailing, you'd see the impact of that on our fee rate. Consequently, it would come down. Again, we can't speculate what kind of contract mix we're going to see over time as producers are making decisions frankly weekly as to what wells are going to be produced and certainly at what production level volumes. So we can't necessarily forecast that average rate, but that gives you the understanding of what's behind how that average fee rate is developed and thought about.
Chuck Kelley: Well we speak regularly to the rating agencies. And while we've had a market imbalance and it's delayed the pace of our leverage reduction, it hasn't reduced our expectation or desire to reduce leverage. We believe our assets are in a position to support the growth in the basin we serve once the imbalance is rectified and that the rating agencies recognize that. Our credit ratings are very important to us and we've demonstrated by our actions in the past that if the current demand reduction -- end up being longer in duration, we have several tools at our disposal to reduce leverage. And we've already taken the first action in this regard by pausing our capital projects to preserve cash flow. We continuously evaluate our options to manage the balance sheet and look prudently to maintain our credit ratings going forward.
Chuck Kelley: Sure, Colton. Yeah. I mean with everything evolving, our producer forecast evolving and what have you in the basin like anything we've kind of taken a step back and we're trying to determine when we see the full need for that project. The way it sits today, I was looking -- we were looking at potentially fourth quarter of 2022. I'm not quite sure honestly, if that's been moved out yet or not. We're still evaluating that.
