Derek Reiners: This is Derek. We are expecting maintenance capital to be a little bit lower than the $142 million that we previously guided. I think we’re looking about $130 million. That’s lower mostly just due to timing as well as being able to get the projects done a bit less costly than we had previously indicated just based on cost compression primarily.
Derek Reiners: Yes Christine, this is Derek. Really, no change in our stance here as we did earlier in the year we still expect to retain additional cash at ONEOK as we go through this on certain times, there is value to that and having optionality down the road. So, I wouldn’t expect a big change at this point in our approach.
Derek Reiners: We’ve had more volume come out of the Powder River. We have had some increased volume come out of the Powder River. We’ve had some increase of volume out of the Powder River portion which has a lower fee on those barrels. And then, we have had some other volumes come on that have some Conway pricing. So they don’t have some highest margin as well, so it’s - that’s kind of what’s driving that down just slightly.
Terry Spencer: Yes Christine. Yes, we do. I mean, maybe not specific to January but most definitely we see efficiencies really at all levels when you think about the producers and what they’re able to accomplish especially in the Williston. From a rig efficiency perspective if you think historically over maybe couple years ago they were drilling, each rig would be able to drill 12 to 14 wells per year now they’re up on average maybe in the 18 to 20 wells per year range. Cost reductions have been consistent across producers in the 20% to 30% range as they’re able to lower the cost to drilling complete wells and then just the performance the completion technologies that are used now we’re seeing 30% to 40% improvements in IP rates over the last six to 12 months. So, the combination of all those factors really absolutely, they’re able to do more or less.
Terry Spencer: Kristine, what I would say is that the main reason we dropped that down is we’re not seeing the short-haul volume out in west Texas we had anticipated it would come on. Now, that’s our lowest margin volume out there so it is just going from certain spot in west Texas to other spot in west Texas. And here, we did see a slight reduction in long-haul volumes when we increased our rates and on the subject of lowest rates in the region in July, we increased our rates up there and brought them more in line with markets. And so, that’s why we saw little bit of this movement on the short-haul volume.
Terry Spencer: The expansions will be driven by now, the expansions are driven by new plants being put on out there and we’re still in active negotiations with processors out there to back that expansion and they’re still going well. So, I don’t think that has any impact on our expansions. Mainly, our expansion would be a long-haul expansion not have anything to do with the short-haul volume.
Terry Spencer: Well, the spot volumes are being driven by some frac outages in Mont Belvieu and also volume that is anticipating some new fracs being come on that will come on in the later 4Q. So, that’s why we don’t think it will be into 2016, this specific one. Now, we do see some opportunities from some spot volume in first quarter that it would be different spot volume, but it’s really just volume that has a home, but unfortunately the frac feeder had some issues or the frac is not up yet.
Terry Spencer: And Christine this is Terry. We’ll discontinue to look at it quarter-to-quarter as we said in the past the environment continues to be very uncertain. And so, really in that respect nothing changed. So, I guess we continue to look at it quarter-to-quarter and assist the market environment.
Terry Spencer: Craig, the only thing I want to add to that is that the thing you have to understand is the Williston basin there is only about 10 contracts they represented 75% of our line. So, we’re not talking about hundreds of contracts when you go to the Mid-Continent though you are talking about hundreds and hundreds of contracts. And so, from a pragmatic standpoint or practical standpoint as you look forward we’re trying to restructure contracts in the Mid-Continent as we’re doing in the Williston you got some, you just got a lot more contracts lot more producers and the volumes under those contracts are much smaller. So, it create some practical challenges in terms of trying to get that done obviously, and that’s in addition to the competitive landscape is the point that Kevin brought up.
Terry Spencer: Yes Craig. As we said in the past on these suspended projects if we could see sustained prices crude oil prices in that $65, $70 range there is a good likelihood that drilling will stimulate and the demand for that capacity will come back. And so, that’s how we’re thinking about it right now. We’re not there obviously in this current environment we’re not there yet, but certainly we’re hopeful that we can’t get there and clearly our view is that prices will improve the trick, obviously is how much and when. But yes, if we can see that $65 to $70 barrel range. I think it’s very likely we could kick those projects back on.
Terry Spencer: The only thing I would add to that Kristina is the negotiations have gone well the producers absolutely they need the services, they need other features that they currently don’t have in their contracts discussions their negotiations who have been very constructive and we’re well down the road to getting this all wrapped up by the end of the year. So, progress is good and discussions have been very positive.
Terry Spencer: Yes, Kristina. Yes, we have every intention of providing in early to mid-December our 2016 outlook, so we will have a lot of that information for you in terms of volumes. Now we have already provided some volume transparency for 2016, but we will have - in December of this year, we will have all that put together and for guidance purposes and we will have - we will release that mid-December or so.
Terry Spencer: Well, let me just make a general comment, Becca. No, we don’t believe that will. As an industry, we have been through this cycle many times and we have been through these - we went through this cycle in the early 2000 timeframe, renegotiating keep-whole contracts actually the POPs, in many cases. And so, now, here we are today. So, those relationships, yes, anytime you go through the contract renegotiation effort it can create some stress on a relationship. But the fact of the matter is that the producers value quality service. And as long as we continue to provide quality service, our relationships are going to be good. And that’s what we have done up there. There is nobody else up in the basin that really can provide that broad range of service that we provide, which includes the natural gas liquids in addition to the gathering and processing services we provide. So we’re differentiated in that respect. And not only from the quality of services but obviously our sheer size. So, really no, we have worked - we could have taken an approach that was much more abrupt, but we have chosen to take a very positive and proactive approach, giving the producers the opportunity to talk with us and tell us what their specific needs are. And so it’s - so it’s been a fairly long process throughout this year, and I think our producers appreciate that positive dialogue. So no, we don’t believe that our producer relationships have been damaged or set back in any way.
Terry Spencer: Yes. Actually, Becca, no, we have not provided that publicly. We continue to - our belief is that the environment is going to get much better. And as we see production turnover start to happen, I think it’s going to be very abrupt as we move into, when I say production I’m talking about crude oil from macro perspective. So really, we don’t see that $40 environment sustaining out into that period of time. That’s probably as aggressive this will get on an outlook that far out. But we really not have provided any sort of public guidance in 2017 yet. The outlook for 2016 still looks very solid and so we don’t see - we don’t expect any sort of significant downturn as we move to the latter part of the year, which would set you up for a lower 2017. We really don’t see that.
Kevin Burdick: Well, as I think about well connect this is Kevin. We think about well connects lot of the increase the increase is really driven. We had really higher than expectations early in the year with the well connects. As we move forward and we think about the well connects for the rest of this year yes, those will connect wells that will be coming on line some point the near future and it’s the combination of those, but then also when we get the infrastructure in place we will have the, that’s really what will pull the flaring numbers down if that is getting at your question.
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin here. The Williston the Bakken gets a lot of focus as we talk about contracting efforts, but we’re making great progress in Oklahoma as well it is obviously a much different competitive landscape. As we think about the producers there and we’ve got a different customer mix when we think about dealing there is a lot more contracts with smaller volumes and so, but we’re actively pursuing opportunities to convert more of our margin to fee based in the Mid-Continent, just like we are in the Williston.
Kevin Burdick: Well, with that getting into specifics we have made a lot of progress I think you are seeing some of that already reflected in our financials, I would expect to see continued improvements in the fourth quarter and then the full effect will get in 2016, but we are at or ahead of really where we expected to be in that process as we move towards the end of the year.
Kevin Burdick: Jeremy, this is Kevin. As we - like I just mentioned, as we move into the fourth quarter, yes, you would expect to continue to see that fee rate to improve and go up, and even further as we move into 2016. We’ve given the margin mix, what we expect of a 70% –more than 70% fee in 2016, but beyond that, getting into specific margins, we will see more as we issue our guidance coming up.
Kevin Burdick: I will just go back to my previous remarks that as we move forward through this, we’re where we are at or where we expected we would be at this point, and we still feel very confident that we are going to get those substantially all complete by the end of the year.
Kevin Burdick: No, we don’t, I mean as we think about the gas capture targets as we bring on our Lonesome Creek facility, that is going to - there will be a step change as we think about our gas capture behind our system, and then with Bear Creek coming online in the third quarter of 2016, we will see another step change down, and that kind of lines up with the gas capture target increases, so we feel very good about being able to provide the services so that our customers will stay well above that.
