Terry K. Spencer: Thank you, Derek, and good morning, everyone. Let's start with our Natural Gas Distribution segment. Third quarter 2013 earnings were higher, primarily reflecting higher rates in Oklahoma, Kansas and Texas. Operating costs were slightly higher compared with the third quarter 2012 primarily because of higher pension expenses, which were partially offset by lower share-based compensation expenses. As Derek discussed, the Energy Services segment incurred a lower-than-expected noncash charge related to the released capacity in the third quarter. Excluding that charge, net margin increased by approximately $11 million in the segment compared with the same period last year primarily due to lower demand charge costs in the third quarter of 2013 resulting from reduced contracted transportation and storage capacity. John, that concludes my remarks for ONEOK.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Ted, we actually don't provide that specificity publicly, okay, as far as what our volume forecasts are. But what I can tell you is that the EBITDA estimate that we've provided when we announced the project is really just the -- a kind of a Phase I, if you will, okay, but there's going to be additional projects, which we kind of refer to as the Phase II. So we'll see some significant increase in EBITDA there. Much of that is driven not only by increased gathering and processing revenues but, in particular, NGL-related revenues associated with the natural gas liquids that will connect into the Bakken Pipeline.
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, that's great. The only thing I would add to that is that 1 of the key components in the acquisition were the substantial acreage dedications that went with it.
Terry K. Spencer: Ted, development continues to be very strong, particularly with the multi-pad drilling that's going on, so the producers are really able to complete a lot of wells quickly. So the production, as you've probably seen publicly, the public -- people who follow the Bakken, production's going off the charts. So we expect to continue to make investments as it relates to gathering and processing infrastructure. Now I forgotten the last part of your question.
Terry K. Spencer: We already have fee-based components in our contract. They're a mix of POP and fee based. Don't anticipate changing it because that strategy has worked real well for us.
Terry K. Spencer: And that mutual alignment up here has worked extremely well when both parties make more money. When prices are up, both parties make more money at the same time. But really, don't anticipate changing the contracting strategy, Ted.
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, it's a great question, Chris. We had -- in the third quarter, we had a bit of an anomaly where the prices we realized with unhedged volumes were very low due to basis disconnect in the Bakken that AECO prices had really gotten beaten pretty hard, and the trickle back affects the Bakken. We saw some dollar discounts between the Bakken and the market area. So that affected us and affected that pricing in the third quarter, and that's the primary reason for that spread, that disconnect, if you will.
Terry K. Spencer: I think it's resolving. That issue is resolving itself. It's not really a problem today, but it's there. As Canadian volumes continue to grow, as Marcellus gas backs up into the Midwest, that's going to impact us somewhat. So you're going to still see some pricing disconnects.
Terry K. Spencer: Well certainly, with the pipelines that are being built into the region, some of them are not being built with companion fractionation capacity. So the opportunity exists for us to potentially provide more fractionation services, to provide storage services and infrastructure services for those parties that do construct or build those pipelines or ship through those pipelines. So I think there's going to be opportunity for us without necessarily having to own and operate a pipeline all the way back to the -- to these basins. As far as the impact from those projects you talked about, one in particular, Texas Express coming out of the Panhandle area down to the Gulf Coast, we've -- that pipeline has started up, and we've already seen some impact from that in the Conway prices, okay. As they started that pipeline up and accumulated line fill, we did see some pressure. So those pipelines are going to impact the market somewhat.
Terry K. Spencer: Well certainly, they don't disregard the market. They look and see what's going on. The bottom line is, they still -- many of our customers want to get to Belvieu. It's where the most liquid market is. And they understand there's a cost. Regardless of the basis spread between Conway and Belvieu, there is a cost associated with getting -- us building and operating this infrastructure. So they're willing to pay the freight and are stepping up and paying the freight. And so we're continuing to execute on and develop opportunity for new supplies and, in particular, crude oil, as it relates to crude oil. We're -- we've seen that basis spread, that East Coast basis spread compress. Now it's widened back out, okay? So it's very volatile. And we've seen producers want to continue to discuss the possibility of a pipeline asset, in particular out of the Bakken all the way down to Cushing. But, as you might not be surprised, those producers still remain hesitant to make the types of commitments that's necessary at least for our capital to make a project like that work.
Terry K. Spencer: We're looking at probably something a little higher, maybe $0.06 to $0.07 going forward for EP. We think that the ethane inventory overhang is one of those key things that has affected this spread. And certainly, we've seen it affect it here in the fourth quarter. But as we move through this fourth quarter and into the second quarter, we and many of the experts expect this ethane inventory overhang to be substantially resolved.
Terry K. Spencer: That's right. In the MVA contracts that we have, there is a penalty payment that they have to make if they're deficient. Or it's -- sometimes, we call it deficiency payments that they have to make.
John W. Gibson: Thank you, Terry. Now Derek will review ONEOK Partners' financial performance, then Terry will come back and review the partnership's operating performance, growth projects and discuss the Sage Creek acquisition.
John W. Gibson: Thank you, Terry. Now let me provide you with an update on the status and the timeline of the ONE Gas separation. All of those involved have made remarkable progress to complete the necessary filings required for the separation, which include, of course, the Form 10, the New York stock exchange listing materials, the IRS and the FERC filings, and completing and updating the filings with the Kansas Corporation Commission and related parties. Our discussions with the KCC have been very productive and collaborative. Last week, the KCC released a procedural schedule for the order-setting process. There are 2 possible tracks for approval. The first proposes a settlement agreement with all parties designed to be sent to the KCC for approval by the end of 2013. And the second, if the parties are unable to reach a settlement, would result in KCC approval in late February. We are confident that our discussions with the KCC and other parties will continue to be productive, and we still expect to complete the separation in the first quarter of 2014. Upon the KCC approval, we estimate the transaction will close within 4 to 5 weeks thereafter. In closing, I'd like to again thank our 5,000 employees whose commitment, dedication, skills and experience allow us to operate our assets safely, reliably and environmentally responsibly every day and to create exceptional value for our investors and our customers. Our entire management team appreciates all of our employees' efforts to make our company successful. So at this time, we are now ready to take your questions. Thank you.
John W. Gibson: So Ted, I think it's safe to say that the opportunity in buying those assets was for future development. We didn't look at that as an opportunity to buy earnings as much as it was to buy future earnings.
John W. Gibson: I might add one of the reasons that strategy has worked so well is that's what the producer wants. So that's kind of a natural.
