Derek Reiners: Thanks, Terry, and good morning. Fourth quarter 2014 net income attributable to ONEOK was approximately $95 million or $0.45 per diluted share. 2014 net income attributable to ONEOK was approximately -- I'm sorry, 2014 net income attributable to ONEOK was approximately $314 million or $1.49 per diluted share, which includes a loss of $5.6 million or $0.03 per diluted share from discontinued operations. ONEOK continues to benefit from its pure-play general partnership strategy with $2633 million in distributions declared by ONEOK Partners in 2014, a 16% increase from the same period last year. Cash flow available for dividends for the fourth quarter was $142 million, providing 1.13 times coverage of the ONEOK dividend. 2014 cash flow available for dividends was $621 million providing 1.28 times coverage. ONEOK increased its quarterly 2014 dividend for the fourth quarter 2014 by $1.5 per share to $60.05 per share, 51% higher than the fourth quarter of 2013. Moving onto ONEOK Partners, fourth quarter net income attributable to ONEOK Partners was approximately $263 million or $0.67 per unit. A full year 2014 net income attributable to ONEOK Partners was $910 million or $2.33 per unit. As Terry mentioned, all three of our business segments experienced significant operating income growth in 2014 compared with 2013. Operating increased in the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment by nearly 40%, benefiting from higher natural gas gathering and processing volumes. Natural Gas Liquids increased 26%, benefiting from higher margin NGL volumes from new natural gas processing plant connections, and natural gas pipelines increased 19%, benefiting from increased natural gas volumes transported. Distributable cash flow was $306 million for the fourth quarter, providing coverage of 1.06 times, and approximately $1.17 billion for the full year, an increase of 23%, providing coverage of 1.10 times. The Partnership's fourth quarter distribution increased to $0.79 per unit, an increase of approximately 8% from the fourth quarter of 2013. In the fourth quarter, approximately 3.5 million units were issued through our at-the-market equity program, generating net proceeds of $157 million. For the year, approximately 21.8 million common units were issued generating net proceeds of approximately $1.1 billion, including approximately 7.9 million units issued though the at-the-market program. The Partnership has a strong balance sheet and we're increasing our liquidity and financial flexibility, as we notified our lenders of our intent to exercise the option to increase the size of the Partnership's revolving credit facility to $2.4 billion from $1.7 billion, pending lenders' approval which we expect to finalize in the next few weeks. At the end of 2014, the Partnership had $1.1 billion of commercial paper outstanding and no borrowings outstanding on our credit facility; total debt to capitalization ratio of 54%, and a debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 3.7 times as calculated under the terms of our credit facility. As discussed in yesterday's earnings release, we significantly reduced our debt and equity financing needs in 2015 by reducing planned capital expenditures to approximately $1.2 billion from our previous estimate of $2.8 billion. Terry will provide more color in a moment, but this reduction in capital expenditure reflects slower production growth outlook by our producer customers than originally planned. We expect to continue financing our capital expenditures with debt and equity through the use of our at-the-market equity program overnight equity offerings, long and short-term debt, while targeting a 50-50 debt-to-equity capital structure over the long-term. These multiple sources of liquidity enable us to be prudent and opportunistic from a timing perspective as we look to access the equity and debt markets. We continue to remain confident in our ability to raise the necessary capital to fund the capital needs of ONEOK Partners. Terry, that concludes my remarks.
Derek Reiners: Yes, Timm, this is Derek. Sorry, Carl, this is Derek. We do expect to continue to use the ATM program as we've done in the past, certainly been a program that has worked well for us in the last year. And as we still do have $1.2 billion or so of capital in 2015 plan, we do expect to need to issue some equity.
Derek Reiners: Well, I think we will continue to look at our credit metrics much as the way we have in the past, of course, maintaining investment rate, credit ratings is extremely important to us at OKS. So that really will be our guide as to how much we would plan to issue either under the ATM or in an overnight for that matter.
Derek Reiners: Becca, the reason you're seeing your frac volumes flat between '14 and '15 is that we had quite a few spot frac contracts that we did in '14 that we're not predicting we will do again in '15. So they were just frac-only contracts, and so a lot of the gathering volumes they will now reflect a gathering fee plus a frac figure as we continue to go forward. That's why you're seeing in the black volume there.
Terry Spencer: Tim, that's exactly the way to think about it. As we increase volumes, particularly from our gathering and processing segment, that will positively impact volumes that we fractionate and volumes that we transport through our NGL network.
Terry Spencer: Yes, most of those are contracted under the NGLs that we transport out of our affiliated plants as well as third-party plants. They're fee-based contracts. They're bundled. We refer to them as exchange contracts, and in those contracts we provide the fractionation gathering and transportation services to the market, to the market hubs.
Terry Spencer: Timm, we do -- we think about those things. I mean as we think about 2015 from a coverage standpoint at OKS, we are going to be a below one or expect to be below one in the early part of the year. But as we actually move through the year, we expect the coverage to be well above the line. Okay. The reason why we are carrying a -- reported a negative coverage is that we don't think we are going to be in a below one coverage for an extended period of time.
Terry Spencer: Yes, I think that's fair. That's been in the past. We've been comfortable keeping our coverage below one at the Partnership really for relatively short period of time. I think that's fair.
Terry Spencer: Well, Craig, yes, to what you inferred as far as OKS, but yes we're keeping our minds open to other things. Obviously we could -- we'll have that cash available to issue dividends n the future potentially. So we have a cash tax load that could be coming down the road that cash could be used for OKE share repurchases is a possibility. The OKS supporters, you inferred, and you may have opportunities -- it seems like in towns like these there's always opportunity that presents itself, there maybe some very compelling asset acquisitions that might present themselves, and certainly that would provide with some liquidity for that. And of course obviously you could reduce -- you could potentially reduce some debt. So those are all the things you could conceivably do and all the leverage that we could potentially pull at OKE with that cash.
Terry Spencer: Yes, in this environment, from -- the stated multiple range that we've -- for all these projects that we've historically indicate was the 5X to 7X. And we're probably now north if you looked at kind of what the average multiple would be on these projects in this environment, you'd be a little -- a bit north of the six times. So still very viable projects, but that from a multiple basis, they have been affected somehow.
Terry Spencer: Yes, probably a bit more fundamental as I -- we would really like to see some meaningful industry crude oil supply reductions. Okay. And if we -- if and when we really start to see that and I think we could feel like that the foundation for higher crude prices is much more viable, if we see prices popping at $65, $70, $75 a barrel range here, as we move into the 2016 timeframe, it's very possible we could fire those projects back up. But I think if we see those kind of markers out there, our confidence is going to be much improved, and certainly that will drive more communications with the producers and certainly -- and hopefully increase drilling activity over and above what we're already doing.
Terry Spencer: Yes. Craig, I think if we could see prices in that $70 to $80 a barrel range, and consistently in that range, we could very well head back toward that and get back toward that dividend and distribution guide rates, kind of get back on that old growth -- dividend growth and distribution growth target range.
Terry Spencer: Oh, if you include -- yes, if you include the isomerisation adds, it's sure -- Sheridan you want to…
Terry Spencer: Well, Christine, clearly it's a function of the drilling plants of the producers in that Demicks Lake area and some of those wells are out on the edge and not quite in the sweet spot of the play. And I'll let Kevin add some color to…
Terry Spencer: Christine, we do have some -- and we refer to them as MVAs in the gathering and processing segment. Most of those I think have run their term. Then of course in the NGL business we've got those -- we don't refer to those as minimum volume agreements, we refer to those as just firm shipper pay or from fracker pay agreements. And we have certainly those in the NGL segments. Most of those contracts were entered into to support many of the capital investments that we've made, the new fractionation, this new Sterling pipeline and what have you.
Terry Spencer: Well, Becca just at a high level I'll let some of these other guys address your question as well, but when we think about what's happening, the producers are pooling into these much higher and much more productive areas. Certainly you're seeing the impact of that. I think the other thing which you don't always hear about is the fact that they're enhancing these, they're continuing to enhance their completion techniques and getting more production per well. So I think that's got to be a key. Any of you guys got anything else you want to add to that? I mean that's…
Terry Spencer: That's right. We actually I think had got it kind of 18% to 24% in the future years but since we're not forecasting out the OKS distributions, providing financial guidance, we really can't give you anymore color beyond that. Of course bonus depreciation as you know was passed for 2014, which rolled into 2015 and for us as we carried over our net operating loss. So we don't expect to be a cash tax payer in 2015 if bonus depreciation were to be enacted again that would certainly favorably impact 2016's cash taxes.
Terry Spencer: That's exactly right. Those projects are all still viable projects, and it really did as you indicate, it's more function of timing. Okay. The curve being shifted to the right as these producers get more confident in their drilling and provide more clarity on their forecast, these projects will come back into the fray.
Terry Spencer: Well, I guess to both of those questions, Carl; first of all, on the hedging no updates for '16. And as far as CapEx for 2016, we've not guided in the out years as far as capital spent. We provide pretty much when we do guide, we guide in the current year, and we're going to remain with that policy.
Terry Spencer: Well, Jeremy, this company as we saw last year it was willing to entertain and execute on structural changes and no different here. We're certainly thinking about structural alternatives, and we'll continue to think about it. From a timing standpoint, we're not ready to do anything like that yet, so we'll just continue to look at it. It definitely has some merit. It makes sense for that party to do it and certainly we have to determine if it make sense for us. We're not at that point yet.
Terry Spencer: Well, we have our numbers, but as far as trying to provide you some indication numbers probably would not be a good thing at this point in time.
Terry Spencer: Yes, Craig, there is still a fair amount of shield there. We've been pretty well 100% shielded for a number of years, and given that large capital that you've seen us imply over the last several years that carries forward for a while. Of course the GP, the IDRs are fully taxable to corporate rate, but the LPs do have that shield.
Terry Spencer: Yes. From a natural gas perspective, we have a lot of backlog, okay? And that's one of the advantages, one thing that provides us energy through this downturn or momentum, if you will, through this downturn. So you don't have quite that same phenomenon with the oil, okay? This flaring backlog is inventory. Its well connect inventory, now you got all these -- in addition to that, you got all these uncompleted wells. So it just gives us a lot of energy and momentum as we move into 2016. With our size, we've got tremendous scale, and so we cover a wide area and certainly there are others in the G&P business, and indicated one; there are others there, most of the asset footprints though has their own core acreage dedication that they are very focused on. And so, we do have some overlap, but when you look at the dense part of each one of our systems, we have our own areas, so to speak; our own backyards, if you will. We actually tend to collectively actually work together to take advantage of capacity on our gathering systems that might be available at certain times of the month where we will off-load gas between companies to help reduce the players. So we actually work together solving problems. So it's really worked well. I don't see the landscape changing significantly as a result of the acquisition that you indicated, and primarily because I think that with those assets we've had a pretty darn good relationship.
Terry Spencer: Well, I think if somebody came in and offered an attractive value, we certainly would have to -- the prudent thing is to consider. So certainly we would have to be open-minded, okay. Our focus remains for organic growth in this company, and the best way to create value is to continue to prudently and appropriately deploy this capital and earn as high return on invested capital as we possibly can, structure the business, and manage the business with reduced commodity price exposure, and what have you. So those are the ways in which we really -- those are the things we can control, and those are the things we remain focused on, but I mean if somebody were to come in here and put an attractive number on the table, the prudent thing is we would have to look at it.
Terry Spencer: At high level, I'll say, Tim, we are really not having any pushback. If anything we're thinking about restructuring our contracts with certain of our customers, there are some customers who want to go more to fee-based types of structures, and so yes, we are having some discussions.
Terry Spencer: I can't really comment, and we generally, Tim, don't comment about our participation or non-participation in processes.
