Terry Spencer: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK. Joining me on today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas. On today's call, we'll discuss ONEOK’s second quarter financial and operational performance, our updated financial guidance included in yesterday's earnings announcement and share our progress on our more than $4 billion of capital growth projects. As we noted in our release yesterday, the high level of productivity continues in the basins where we operate. Our consistent volume growth underscores the strong performance of our supply customers across our asset footprint.  And while NGL pricing spreads and optimization are noteworthy, the fact is our core business, the fee based services we provide for both natural gas and natural gas liquids customers continues to expand with incremental volume growth across our system and is the largest contributor to our earnings growth this year. And we are well positioned for additional volume growth through incremental investments at attractive returns. Our long term strategy remains focused on expanding our integrated assets through capital growth projects and strategic acquisitions that fit within our footprint and provides sustainable long-term fee based earnings. Yesterday, we completed the acquisition of Martin Midstream’s 20% interest in the West Texas LPG pipeline. With that acquisition, ONEOK became the sole owner of West Texas LPG, a strategic step in our broader Permian Basin strategy and further positioning us for expansion opportunities, some of which are in the late stages of negotiations. Construction on our organic growth projects is progressing as planned and Kevin will provide more detail on those projects in a moment. With that, I will now turn the call over to Walt.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Kevin. These calls are a great way to discuss operational performance and earnings results, but they don't always allow time to discuss the many other valuable and business enhancing initiatives happening at ONEOK. Whether it's implementing new technology to help our employees stay safe, volunteering time in our communities, improving pipeline safety monitoring or protecting the environment, our employees are doing great things for our business and for the communities where we live and work. So thank you to our employees for all of your efforts.  Within the next month, we'll be publishing our 10th Annual Sustainability and ESG Report, which will highlight these initiatives and many others. I encourage everyone to review the report. To all of our investors, thank you for your continued support of ONEOK, our operations and our strategy for growth. So with that, we’re now ready for questions operator.
Terry Spencer: Sure. Shneur, as Walt indicated in his comments, he mentioned that optimization margins, going forward, if they stay about where they are, we could see hitting the high end of the guidance pretty easily, particularly also if we see some -- a little bit less severe weather than we've typically planned in our G&P segment. So, certainly optimization spreads, as we've proven, are very difficult to forecast with any degree of certainty. We really don't see anything fundamentally that could -- that will change or compress these spread, but certainly we’ve factored in some cushion in our current guidance. But again, let me reiterate, if we see these optimization spreads kind of stay in this $0.20 a gallon range throughout the end of the year, we can see some upside, particularly in this NGL business. Certainly, the high end of guidance is very achievable, if that happens.
Terry Spencer: We won't give that much breakdown, but at the macro level, all the contracts, you're probably 60-40 Belvieu to Conway.
Terry Spencer: Shifting on the North System that's been affected by Mariner East or what's going on there, I mean, the North system was down in the second quarter versus the first [ph] quarter, but that's more seasonality that we see every year. We still do receive volume into the Conway off of rail out of the Marcellus and that's probably driven by the Mariner East issues, but we’ve been receiving those for quite some time. But I don't think it's enough to really affect the North-South spread or affect anything on the North System.
Terry Spencer: Well, first of all, from an M&A perspective, certainly, we're very -- we remain very interested in M&A, but I think what you saw with the West Texas pipeline acquisition, I mean, that's a perfect example of what we're really interested in. Certainly, as we think about acquisitions and acquisitions from a more strategic standpoint, if they simply don't fit very well or have a real compelling strategic logic, we're not going to be very interested in it. So that's how we think about it. I think broadly speaking, in terms of the types of assets again that we -- that we're interested in, certainly, downstream assets, particularly as it relates to terminal and storage, transportation of liquid products that don't have to be NGL, it could be crude oil, could be refined products, could be petrochemical products. That infrastructure as well as long haul crude oil transportation up -- further upstream could certainly make a lot of sense and we've been very vocal about that over the past couple of years, but then just candidly what I'll tell you is those assets, people don't want to let go of very often, so the opportunity from an acquisition perspective sometimes is limited as well as -- there’s certainly quality fee based assets that everybody wants, including us.
Terry Spencer: I mean, when we think about the frac volume, yeah, we did put some raw feed and inventory in the second quarter. We expect that will get fracked off over the rest of the year, so we should be -- you should see that come over the next couple of quarters. 
Terry Spencer: Well, Jeremy, I think you're right on in the comments you made, but the biggest mover certainly is optimization. Now, we do very typically, as I mentioned and Walt mentioned in his remarks, as we do factor in some weather degradation later in the year, if that and you know that weather can be severe, if it's not as severe as we've got factored in, we could certainly see some pretty significant benefits to our G&P segment, as we move through the fourth quarter. But the biggest mover is the optimization. And again as I said earlier, it's difficult to predict these spreads with any degree of certainty, but what I will tell you is everything that we're looking at today is leaning toward pretty consistent scenario where we see wide spreads for an extended period of time.
Terry Spencer: No. It's pretty much just in general. And again, that's back to, rigs move around a little bit on our acreage and it's not that we're seeing any degradation overall in the STACK and SCOOP. It's just, maybe less than one rig that's been on our acreage versus somebody else and a little bit of timing, that's all that’s driven there. There is no structural or fundamental change in our outlook of how we’re viewing the STACK and SCOOP.
Terry Spencer: Well, we continue to aggressively pursue export terminalling opportunities, that has never stopped. We like the prospects that are in front of us today. Our commercial teams are working very hard and looking at a lot of options. We're talking to a lot of international markets that we’re spending a lot of time hopping across the pond, speaking with potential customers and potential partners in the project such as an export terminal. So very high on our list and certainly a business or an activity that makes a lot of sense for us.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Terry. ONEOK’s second quarter operating income totaled nearly $450 million, a 40% increase year-over-year and a 7% increase compared with the first quarter 2018. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA was $602 million, a 30% increase year-over-year and a 6% increase compared with the first quarter 2018. During the second quarter, we paid a dividend of $0.795 and last week, we announced another 4% increase to $0.825 per share or $3.30 per share on an annualized basis, in line with our previous guidance. The dividend is payable on August 14. At June 30, our debt to EBITDA on an annualized run rate basis was 3.4 times and 3.66 times on a GAAP trailing 12-month basis. We generated more than $160 million [Later changed by the Company to $126 million] of distributable cash flow in excess of our dividends paid in the second quarter, a 9% increase compared with the first quarter 2018. Total distributable cash flow in the quarter was more than $450 million, with healthy dividend coverage of nearly 1.4 times.  We have proactively managed our future debt maturities and liquidity with our $1.25 billion senior notes offering completed in July. Proceeds from the offering were used to repay short-term borrowings and together with excess distributable cash flow will fund our upcoming debt maturity and help fund our capital growth expenditures. As of today, we have approximately $900 million in cash and $2.5 billion available on our credit facility. We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet and significant liquidity as we construct our capital growth projects. With yesterday's earnings announcement, we increased our net income and adjusted EBITDA financial guidance midpoint expectations and narrowed our financial guidance ranges. The midpoint of our net income guidance increased $30 million to 1.09 billion and our adjusted EBITDA midpoint increased $35 million to 2.35 billion. These guidance increases are primarily driven by expected continued volume growth and our NGL optimization and marketing results. If the optimization spreads maintain at these levels and no severe weather occurs in the fourth quarter, we could easily be at the high end of our guidance range. I’ll now turn the call over to Kevin for a closer look at each of our businesses.
Walt Hulse: This is Walt. We obviously have experienced strong cash flows, which is helpful, because we get to reinvest that back into the business and that helps us from a debt capacity standpoint as well. So we don't see anything today with what we have on the table that would change our view that we want to issue equity in 2018 or well into 2019, if at all in 2019. Now that said, we are seeing opportunities for growth projects that are on the horizon and if they come sooner as opposed to later, we have to leave that door open, if we need to manage the balance sheet. We think the investment grade credit rating is incredibly important and we're going to do what we need to do to protect that, but as those move out further on the timeline and these pipelines start cash flowing the way they will, we continue to expect to de-lever very quickly 2020 and beyond.
Walt Hulse: The earnings impact would be, like we've said, we're using rail as a bridge to provide our customers those -- that service as it relates to their growing volumes in advance of the pipeline capacity. So -- one way to think about it is, as we move barrels, if we get that Southern section done, we're able to move barrels from the Powder River Basin over to that pipe and start collecting the full pipeline fee rather than the rail -- and not have to pay the rail cost, so that would be the uplift we would get. That's the way we're thinking about it and we haven't really talked about ’19 guidance yet, but clearly, as we get closer and we do that, that will be considered as we provide that guidance.
Walt Hulse: No. We still have a -- as we've guided in the past, we won’t be paying taxes through at least 2021 or beyond. It will be some point further out than that and that hasn't changed.
Kevin Burdick: Hey, Shneur. This is Kevin. No, we don't see bottlenecks from a standpoint of the ethane that's being left in, creating residue issues. Our producers, from what we hear, both are, on our G&P side and overall producers from an NGL standpoint, continue to have great results. We haven't seen them back off at all and we definitely expect those volumes to increase as we move through the rest of this year and into ‘19.
Kevin Burdick: For our G&P business, yeah, a lot of timing and then the slight reduction in the well count in well connects that we put out there is just really, maybe slightly less than one rig and some timing is all that drives that, but no, still feel good about where we're at from a volume perspective.
Kevin Burdick: I think, Christine, this is Kevin. I mean, we – clearly, we're not going to -- we won't be at the 70,000 barrels per day but – of rejection at the end of the year, with Conway still being rejected, but I think the key there is that ethane that's not coming on is giving us the space for the optimization and will more than make up the value, if you will, that wouldn't come from the Conway barrels that would be recovered, will more than make up for that with optimization. So that's kind of where we sit today with these widespreads, no, we don't expect that to come out by the end of the year, but we're going to more than make it up with the optimization.
Kevin Burdick: I don't -- I mean, yeah, we continue to get good information or positive information from our producers about the volumes being stronger. That has translated into additional contracts and a little bit steeper ramp, but we would still expect it, the volumes are going to ramp over a year or two, as we move through these projects and once they come online.
Kevin Burdick: As we think, we've got a lot of visibility to volume growth. And when you look at what's going on out there, I mean, clearly, the Permian with the number of rigs and the growth expectations on the liquids side, we have a lot of targets out there and again are in late stage negotiations with several of them. So, we would look to continue to expand and loop West Texas all the way from the Permian to where it connects with Arbuckle II and now that we wholly own it, we’ll be able to integrate eventually that pipe into Arbuckle II and achieve some significant capital savings by leveraging the Arbuckle II pipeline and the capacity there versus laying another line that's part of West Texas LPG.
Kevin Burdick: So Craig, we're always thinking about the crude business, we're always thinking about the potential to take existing assets and repurpose them to crude and vice versa. So, we're always thinking about those things. I would never rule out the opportunity, particularly in a basin where crude is being produced as prolifically as it is. We're certainly always thinking about it and in particular in the Permian.
Sheridan Swords: Christine, this is Sheridan. Right now, in the Sterling pipeline, we're still in that 80% to 90% utilized range, even though we had a bit more volume in the second quarter than we did in the first quarter. And then on the Arbuckle pipeline, we're in the 85% to 90% range and we were moving all of the Y grade [ph] we can out of the Mid-Continent on Arbuckle at this time.
Sheridan Swords: Ethane and propane are the ones we’re optimizing the most and that's just really driven by the fact that those are the two products that we have the most on our system. So, we're still optimizing butane as well, because it has a very nice spread, but we just don't have as much butane as we have ethane and propane.
Sheridan Swords: The one thing I would add is, we talk to the contract that we’ve already – the people we've already contracted with, their ramp-up schedules have been moving forward, so we think that we will ramp up to our contracted volume quicker than we originally thought.
