John W. Gibson: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Joining me on the conference call today are Derek Reiners, our Chief Financial Officer; and Terry Spencer, our President. Also on the call and available to answer questions are Pierce Norton, our Executive Vice President of Commercial; and Rob Martinovich, our Executive Vice President of Operations. On this morning's call, we will review our second quarter 2013 financial results, update our point of view on the magnitude and duration of ethane rejection, and explain why it should have no impact on our 2013 or our 3-year earnings expectations, review our progress on our growth projects, and to avoid any further confusion, we will reiterate the ONEOK dividend growth we expect once the -- once we separate our natural gas distribution business. Let's start with our second quarter performance. ONEOK's second quarter performance was solid after adjusting for the noncash charge related to the wind down of our energy services segment. We had a robust volume growth in ONEOK Partners with volume increases in natural gas gathered and processed, and natural gas liquids gathered, all as a result of the growth projects we completed. In ONEOK Partners, our NGL exchange services margins continue to increase, compared with the same period in 2012, as we execute on our strategy to convert capacity held for optimization activities to fee-based contracts. As a result, and as expected, our optimization margins declined as a result of this reduced capacity. And the expected tighter NGL price differentials were experienced between Mont Belvieu and Conway. As anticipated, ethane rejection had some impact on our second quarter results. However, it was less than $15 million. Our natural gas distribution segment performed exceptionally well during the quarter, benefiting from new rates in all 3 of the states it serves and from higher sales and transportation volumes related to the colder-than-normal weather. As Terry will discuss in a moment, we are revising our outlook for ethane rejection during 2014 and 2015, based on recent developments in the NGL market. We expect that current levels of ethane rejection, which are less than we originally forecasted in February, will continue into 2014 and into 2015, but at lower levels. We remain confident that we will meet our 2013 guidance expectations and our 3-year earnings growth expectations, averaging an annual 15% to 20% EBITDA increase during that period, even with ethane rejection continuing through 2014 and 2015, due primarily to additional volumes now expected that were not originally included in our 3-year plan. Derek will now review ONEOK's financial highlights, followed by Terry, who will review ONEOK's operating performance.
John W. Gibson: Thank you, Terry. Now Derek will review ONEOK Partners' financial performance, and then Terry will come back and review the partnership's operating performance, growth projects and discuss in a little more detail the reasoning behind our revised ethane rejection outlook.
John W. Gibson: Thank you, Terry. I appreciate that, that was very good, I appreciate that. Before we take your questions about the quarter, I'd like to take this time to reiterate our expectations regarding the dividend growth ONEOK anticipates, following the completion of its plan to separate the natural gas distribution business. What we stated in last week's news release on Page 3 and in the slides on Page 9 provided in advance of the conference call is correct. In all the to-ing and fro-ing during the Q&A portion of the conference call, there appears to have been some confusion about what our intent is. So let me reiterate our post-separation dividend growth expectations so that there is no additional misunderstanding. When the separation is complete, post spend, ONEOK intends to increase its dividend to a level competitive with its pure play GP peers. That means the dividend growth rate is expected to be greater than the current pre-spend 3-year dividend growth rate ONEOK estimates, which is 55% to 65% during the 2012 to 2015 period. This post spend ONEOK dividend growth expectation excludes the dividend that ONE Gas would pay its shareholders, which we expect would also be competitive with its natural gas utility peers. Said another way, ONEOK dividend growth post spin is exclusive of the ONE Gas dividend. The ONEOK dividend growth expectation post spin comes entirely from ONEOK. As usual, in closing, I'd like to again thank our 5,000 employees whose commitment, dedication, skills and experience allow us to operate our assets safely reliably and environmentally responsibly every day, and to create exceptional value for our investors and our customers. With our announcement last week, all of our employees are facing change. But the approximately 600 employees in our shared service organizations are facing more change and uncertainty because they do not know if they will remain with ONEOK or move to ONE Gas. Removing that uncertainty is a high priority for my leadership team during the next 60 to 90 days. Our entire management team appreciates all of our employees' efforts to make our company successful. Operator, we're now ready for your questions.
John W. Gibson: The thing I'd add though, Christine, you can see that we averaged $0.01 on the spread in the first quarter and $0.06 in the second quarter, averaging $0.04 for the first half. We do expect that to be higher in the second half, as well as the optimization volumes to be higher as well. So it is a little more back-end weighted.
John W. Gibson: Carl, there is actually kind of more to it than that. You're hitting on the optimization piece. You hit on the minimum volume requirement piece. There's 3 other factors here that really play into this that aren't volume related. The first one is we have more isom volumes available to us to process through our isomerization unit. We have higher spreads on that volume as well. The next piece is we're experiencing more commercial marketing opportunities because of assets that have been freed up by putting the Bakken line into service. For instance, we got more truck and rail activity that used to be dedicated to the Bakken barrels. Now we're getting third-party business through that. And then, we also have the propane export opportunities. And the final thing is there are incremental volumes that are actually coming on, but they're not enough to offset the reduction in some of the gathered volumes. So all that combination of things with the optimization volumes, the minimum volume requirements, is actually making up that $30 million.
John W. Gibson: Well, I think, as we said before, we do have equity and debt needs, and the timing of that, we'll just have to determine based on the market conditions.
John W. Gibson: Whoa, I'm sorry to interrupt you. But also, what I said was ONEOK intends to increase its dividend to a level competitive with its pure play GP peers. Now that's what I said, and those words, to me, mean that ONEOK intends to increase its dividend.
John W. Gibson: Think of it this way: Optimization is going to be the relative value between 2 market points, Conway and Belvieu. Less whatever cost might be incurred, you move the product between the 2 points. Now to avoid the cost, you could buy a product at 1 point and sell it at another, et cetera. But optimization is all about just taking advantage of whatever, if you will, spread, is I think the word Terry uses, that exists between a relative A component of the NGL barrel between 2 locations at a particular point in time. And that is just -- and so what -- and you compare that to an exchange service fee, and as Terry mentioned earlier, when we work with our producers, the optimization piece is not part of the puzzle. The fee represents a fair exchange of cost, or revenue in our case, cost in the case of a producer, for us to gather the NGL barrel, bring it to our fractionation facility, fractionate it, distribute the finished products to a market center, and then monetize that product for the producer in the form of a price, less a fee. And so there's no spread component in the exchange services agreement.
John W. Gibson: It varies by the quantity, the relative terms that the producer wants. Obviously, a producer that has more barrels is probably in a better position of negotiating with us than one that has fewer. But that's an example. But each of those contracts, although there's a fee, also has, sometimes, the ability for that fee to change based on increased quantities or actually reductions in quantity. And then, it also will include things like consumer price index, power price indexes, things of that nature, that the 2 parties agree to, to adjust the fees, so that neither party suffers relative to increased or decreased cost. And all of those things are negotiated in these exchange service agreements. And that's how we're able to get the term, is by reducing the amount of exposure to both parties, finding that good middle ground.
John W. Gibson: I would say this though. We can't -- the piece in the marketplace that's transparent is the optimization spread. That's out there every day. The exchange with the producer is providing all those services and getting them, in essence, finished barrel, finished product pricing less the fee agreed to, to make all that happen for them. So if you pick Belvieu as the point in which the pricing under the contract is agreed to, it's going to be Belvieu pricing less the fee on the exchange service agreement, for simplicity's sake. And that is the producer's net back will be reduced by the fee that they pay ONEOK. And that fee can be adjusted, and we talked about some of those adjustments. Now what's happened is, as ethane has come off the system because of ethane rejection, it has created additional space in all of those pieces of pipe, whether it's gathering, whether it's fractionation, whether it's distributed pipelines, right? What ONEOK has been able to do for its own account is to either buy barrels at -- or sell barrel at Conway or buy barrels at Belvieu or sell barrels at Belvieu, buy barrels or move them back and forth, paying -- covering those costs and making money with that space that's been created by the fact that ethane is no longer being produced by that gas processor. So the ethane play on spread play is for our book. I mean, for the most part, that's the way to think about it. And then the other part is just an exchange of service for the -- with the producer for the services that we provide them and it removes, to a very large degree, removes any price risk.
Derek S. Reiners: Thanks, John, and good morning. ONEOK's second quarter earnings were approximately $1 million or $0.00 per diluted share, including the noncash after-tax charge related to the accelerated wind down of the energy services segment. ONEOK's net income in the second quarter would have been approximately $72 million or $0.34 per diluted share, excluding the noncash charge, compared with $61 million or $0.29 per diluted share for the same period last year. Improved second quarter results reflect volume growth as a result of completed growth projects at ONEOK Partners in the ONEOK Partners' segment. The natural gas distribution segment posted higher results due to increased rates in Oklahoma, Kansas and Texas, and colder weather in the service area compared with the same period last year. As we announced in June, ONEOK will discontinue the energy services segment through an accelerated wind down process. Energy services released a significant portion of its nonaffiliated third party natural gas transportation and storage contracts to third parties in June, effective July 1, 2013, and recorded $114 million pretax noncash charge. We also expect about $40 million of additional charges later this year or in the first quarter of 2014, related to the remaining capacity that we intend to release. We expect future cash expenditures associated with the released transportation and storage capacity from the wind down to total approximately $100 million on an after-tax basis, with approximately $15 million paid in 2013, $35 million in 2014, $25 million in 2015, and $25 million over the period of 2016 through 2023. As John mentioned, ONEOK also affirmed its 2013 net income guidance range of $235 million to $285 million, updated for the energy services current and expected future after-tax charges related to the wind down provided in June. ONEOK also affirmed its 3-year expectations of net income increasing by an average of 15% to 20% annually, comparing 2012 results with 2015, and excluding the impact of ONEOK's recently announced plans to separate its natural gas distribution business into a new standalone publicly traded company to be called ONE Gas. In July, we declared a dividend of $0.38 per share, an increase of 6% from the previous quarter. As a reminder, ONEOK's 2013 guidance includes a projected $0.005 per unit per quarter increase in unitholder distributions declared from ONEOK Partners, subject to ONEOK Partners' board approval. ONEOK Partners has estimated an average annual distribution increase of 8% to 12% between 2012 and 2015, subject to ONEOK Partners' board approval. For the 6 months ended -- for the 6 months of 2013, ONEOK received approximately $263 million in distributions from ONEOK Partners, a 32% increase from the same period last year. ONEOK's year-to-date 2013 standalone cash flow, before changes in working capital, exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by $129 million. Additionally, the midpoint of ONEOK's 2013 guidance for cash flow before changes in working capital has been updated to $787 million to reflect the wind down, compared with its previous guidance of $835 million. Cash flow before changes in working capital is expected to exceed capital expenditures and dividends by a range of $145 million to $185 million, compared with its previous guidance range of $195 million to $235 million provided in February 2013. ONEOK's liquidity position remains strong. At the end of the second quarter, on a standalone basis, we had $405 million of commercial paper outstanding, $27 million of cash and cash equivalents, and $793 million available under our $1.2 billion revolving credit facility. Our standalone long-term debt-to-capital ratio was 45%. Now Terry will update you on ONEOK's operating performance.
Derek S. Reiners: Thanks, John. In the second quarter, ONEOK Partners' net income was $202 million or $0.62 per unit compared with $207 million or $0.69 per unit in the second quarter of 2012. Distributable cash flow was $252 million in the quarter compared with $240 million in the second quarter of 2012, resulting in a coverage ratio of 1.17x for the second quarter 2013. By comparison, our coverage ratio was 1.29x in the second quarter of 2012. Distributable cash flow was $445 million for the first 6 months of 2013, providing a 0.99x coverage compared with $519 million for the same period last year, providing coverage of 1.50x. Our long-term annual coverage ratio target still remains at 1.05x to 1.15x. However, as we've discussed in previous conference calls, we expect our full year 2013 to be slightly above 1x coverage. ONEOK Partners affirmed its 2013 net income guidance range of $790 million to $870 million announced in February of 2013. The partnership's DCF is expected to remain in the range of $910 million to $1 billion. Operating income in the natural gas liquids segment is expected to increase, while operating income in the natural gas gathering and processing segment is expected to decrease from previous earnings guidance. Terry will give the specifics in a moment. We affirmed EBITDA to increase by an average of 15% to 20% annually over a 3-year period comparing 2012 results with 2015. ONEOK Partners also affirmed that it still estimates an average annual distribution increase of 8% to 12% between 2012 and 2015, subject to ONEOK Partners' Board approval. Capital expenditures for 2013 are expected to be approximately $2.36 billion, comprised of $2.24 billion in growth capital and $120 million in maintenance capital. This update reflects the timing of capital dollars and the movement of some capital expenditures to 2014 from 2013. However, our growth projects continue to be on time and on budget. We still expect a $4.7 billion to $5.2 billion capital spend through 2015, in addition to having a $2 billion to $3 billion backlog of unannounced growth projects. We increased the distribution declared by $0.005 per unit for the second quarter of 2013, an increase of 9% from the second quarter of 2012. Subject to board approval, we expect to increase our distributions by a $0.005 per unit per quarter for the remainder of 2013. In the earnings release, you will note some updates in our hedging information as we continue to hedge commodity risk where appropriate. At the end of the second quarter, the partnership had $6 million in cash and cash equivalents, $429 million of commercial paper and $771 million available under our $1.2 billion revolving credit facility. Our long-term debt-to-capitalization ratio was 52%, and our debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio was 3.6x. From a financing perspective, we continue to have multiple sources of liquidity available to us, and we remain confident in our ability to raise the necessary capital to fund the growth at ONEOK Partners, which include access to our $1.2 billion credit facility, with the option to increase -- to request an increase to $1.7 billion, and access to our $300 million at-the-market program that allows the partnership to offer common units for the sale in -- for sale in the market. These items enable us to be opportunistic from a timing perspective as we look to access public equity and debt markets. And finally, I'd like to comment briefly on Standard & Poor's recent decision to affirm ONEOK Partners' credit rating but revise its outlook to negative due to its expectation that weak commodity prices, particularly natural gas liquid prices, could weigh on the partners -- on ONEOK Partners' credit profile in 2014. We remain committed to our investment-grade credit rating and we'll continue to take the necessary steps to remain investment-grade. Now Terry will update you on the partnership's operating performance.
Derek S. Reiners: Well, you're thinking about it right. We're just not going to be willing to tell you the specifics, I mean, for competitive reasons, right? That's exactly right.
Derek S. Reiners: Ted, that's correct. Although the 3.6 is adjusted for some EBITDA on our capital projects that we get credit for in our covenants.
Derek S. Reiners: So, to put numbers to it, just using 1 commodity, we take the y grade -- we take the raw, right, we take title to it, say, in the Bakken. And then, we provide a price, and then we charge the producer based on the finished product at the market hub, like Terry said, less a fee. So in other words, we do the gathering, we do all the transportation, we do the fractionation, we distribute the products to the market hubs, we -- and then give them, in essence, market price, less a fee, for doing all that, all those fees, we don't -- we've got 1 fee. So that's why we call it a fee-based business.
Derek S. Reiners: One of the things I would add to that, knocking it out of the ballpark is remember that the -- it's the optionality to the asset that allows us to capture the optimization margin, regardless of what the margin is. We don't create the margin. It's the ability to capture it, whether it's $0.01 or whether it's $0.40. It's the optionality embedded in those assets and our ability to bundle all those services together, relative to our competitors, that gives us an advantage to participate in optimization. That's an important piece.
Derek S. Reiners: Well, I'll take it. The answer is yes, we will continue to look at M&A activities and then we'll look for an opportunity to finance those M&A activities. As I've said many times before, we have and will continue to look at opportunities to grow through acquisition. But as I've also said many times before, it's a lot more economical use of our capital to build, at this point in time, than to buy, when we measure these opportunities against our next alternative.
Derek S. Reiners: Yes. This is -- as you would imagine, with more assets coming on stream, you're going to have smaller incremental amounts of maintenance capital.
Terry K. Spencer: Thank you, Derek, and good morning. Let's start with our natural gas distribution segment. As you read in the news release, second quarter 2013 earnings were higher, primarily reflecting higher rates in Oklahoma, Kansas and Texas, and colder-than-normal weather in the second quarter 2013, compared with warmer-than-normal weather during the same period last year. Operating costs were slightly higher compared with the second quarter 2012, primarily because of higher pension expenses and property taxes, which were mostly offset by lower share-based compensation expenses. The midpoint for the natural gas distribution segment's operating income guidance for 2013 remains at $227 million. As Derek discussed, the energy services segment incurred a noncash charge related to the released capacity in the second quarter. Excluding that charge, net margin decreased by approximately $14 million in the energy services segment compared with the same period last year, primarily due to lower realized seasonal storage differentials and marketing margins, net of hedging activities. 2013 guidance for the energy services segment is a loss of $210 million, that reflects the noncash charges related to the accelerated wind down, unchanged from what we said in June. John, that concludes my remarks for ONEOK.
Terry K. Spencer: I think, that's right, Ted. When you look at ethane and you look in the out months from a hedging standpoint, you have take a pretty significant haircut in pricing. And what we've tended to do over time, particularly as it related to ethane prices, generally move back towards us. So we're just going to continue to look and look for the opportunities to hedge more ethane as we go in the future.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, first off, when we look at -- we discussed exchange services, that's all fee-based, that's all fee-based business, okay. Transportation, frac services for the gathering fractionation. If we look at optimization, of course, that's spread. It's the Conway to Belvieu pricing differentials for ethane is what we talk about. The other part of your question is, where do we the opportunities? We continue to see a lot of opportunities in the NGL rich plays within our footprint, the Bakken, of course, continues to yield a lot of opportunity. The Niobrara down in the Powder River Basin is yielding some opportunity for us. The Mississippian Lime down in Oklahoma and the Cana-Woodford play are all plays that are still very active and new processing plants are being developed.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, basically, how the exchange services contract works, as I said before, it's a fee-based contract. We take the barrels and exchange raw feed for purity products at the market hub. And we do that for a fee. Okay. So that's, in a nutshell, how it works. The transportation or gathering and fractionation fees are typically bundled, okay. So you get all of that for a flat fee. So that's basically how it works.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Craig, we don't provide the specifics as far as volume for our optimization activities. But the opportunities for optimization span across a number of products, not just ethane, propane, normal butane, et cetera. So we optimize more than just ethane. We're going to continue to see a need for products in Mont Belvieu, we're going to continue to see growth in supply in the Mid-Continent, based upon what we're seeing in terms of development in NGL rich plays. So I think the opportunities for optimization as a viable portion of our business are going to continue, although they're going to be a much smaller percentage of our margin versus what we had seen over the last couple years.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, our strategy has been to long-term contract that optimization capacity under fee-based exchange services. As we look at the marketplace -- and our customers, they want that long-term capacity. And the fact that optimization spreads or the Conway to Belvieu spreads have been very volatile and basically nonexistent in the first quarter, has not fazed our customers one bit, they still want that capacity, they want to contract for it long-term, and they're willing to pay an attractive rate or a fair rate to do that.
Terry K. Spencer: I don't -- and here's just my opinion. These customers are not focused on the spread. What they're focused on is getting their barrels to where they think the best markets are. So they haven't really been fixated on the spreads and they don't come back to us and say, well, we think the spreads going to be x, so as a result, we think your rate should be y. They recognize the cost it takes to build infrastructure down to the Gulf Coast, they want to be in that liquid market, because they believe that's the place to be. So that's where we're taking them. So we don't really get into that issue with the producers arguing over what the view of the spread is.
Terry K. Spencer: I think that's definitely key, that we're able to provide that full menu of services relative to others in the industry. I think that's very important.
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, it definitely related to inventory. The reason why that sales number has increased is we're loading our storage down there at Belvieu with raw feed to get positioned and ready to start up the MB-2 fractionator. So in all of the accounting associated with that, in protecting the price risk associated with that storage, it inflates our sales number. So that's what you're seeing. It's not related to any sort of contractual change or anything like that.
Terry K. Spencer: Let me try this. Without -- we don't -- as I've indicated to you before, we don't provide optimization volumes. But if you look at our guidance for 2013, and we're -- we've got ethane rejection in that guidance, okay? We're offsetting a considerable portion of that ethane rejection with the optimization activity. But if you look at optimization activity, to provide some relativity for you, if you look at the optimization margin that we expect to generate in our 2013 guidance, it's going to be in the range of what we have indicated we're going to be running, 15% to 20% of our margin, okay, will be from rejection. The rest of these things, minimum volume obligations, additional Bakken volume, significantly higher isom margins, various term transactions and commercial transactions in our marketing, those are all things that are going to contribute to that guidance. And optimization is that -- is in that -- is not an unusually large percentage.
