Sheridan Swords: Only thing I would say is that, I think we'll start seeing -- as we enter into 2017, is when we will start seeing meaningful ethane starting to come out. And as Terry said, West Texas of our system will be first, but that is where we have the least amount of ethane rejection on our system followed by the Mid-Continent, where we have the most volume off currently, and then last which will be '18 or beyond, which will be the Bakken. In terms of West Texas pipeline and the rate increase, in July of 2015, we brought the tariff rates, the uncommitted tariff rates on the West Texas pipeline closer to market, so we only realized half the year of that rate increase, which in 2016 will realize the complete year of that rate increase.
Sheridan Swords: Yes, that’s been the half and the [multiple speakers] full year. We don't anticipate raise in rates. We don't have in our guidance raising rates further on West Texas in 2016.
Sheridan Swords: You have over 100,000 barrels a day of ethane off in the Mid-Continent, more like 120,000 to 125,000; 36,000 in the Bakken; and virtually 10,000 or less in the Permian.
Sheridan Swords: See the capacity we have between Conway and Mont Belvieu is about 60% utilized between the Sterling pipelines and the Arbuckle pipelines. And when we think about our minimum volume commitment that's usually for a bundled service, so yes, there are some minimum volumes that have Belvieu redelivery that we are collecting today.
Sheridan Swords: On our system, we have enough ethane through our fraction -- we have enough capacity through our fractionators to fractionate all of the ethane on our system. And we do have the storage capacity and the connectivity into the petchems to be able to deliver that to market.
Sheridan Swords: Christine, you'd have to ask all the other individuals, fractionators down there. But my sense is yes, there is plenty of capacity to frac this ethane. Most of the fractionators when they are constructed, they are constructed for a full ethane slate. And so when this ethane is being rejected, it just takes it out [multiple speakers] first tower of the fractionators.
Sheridan Swords: We will not receive $0.30. Typically across our whole system ethane has discounted to the C3 plus, so we will realize a lower margin than the $0.30 out of the Bakken.
Sheridan Swords: No, it will not be even across the system. Some volume will come on that will have Conway options, some volume will have Bellevue options. And they have all different kind of spreads depending on where they are. Obviously, if you're in the Bakken, they are going to have the highest margins and the Mid-Continent will be lower, and obviously a little bit in the Permian will be the lowest.
Sheridan Swords: Well, first, we start up in the Bakken as you saw the volumes, even though they're slower growth than we saw last year, they continue to grow, especially with the Bear Creek plant coming online. And also, we're going to connect a third-party processing plant up there as well this year. And we have plants in the Mid-Continent that are in the SCOOP and the Stack that will be completed later on this year. So that's basically where we see the volume ramp up coming from in our volumes is from those two plays.
Derek Reiners: We do communicate regularly with the credit rating agencies, and certainly we intend to continue to do so. I think we've got a long track record of taking those prudent actions and you’ve checked them off the list pretty nicely, just as I would. The term loan and sort of being ahead of our financing needs, I think, is helpful and those things are driving commodity risk out, reducing capital, I think all of those sort of credit-friendly actions that we have taken over time plays into their thought process. I can't tell you to what extent they may or may not be including ethane uplift. I suspect not much. But historically, they've understood and added back some credit, I think, for the capital spending over time. So what I think they look for is a track record, a plan to continue to reduce leverage. And as I mentioned in my remarks, the GAAP debt to EBITDA of 4.1x on a run rate basis is certainly supporting that we're headed in the right direction. And I think the unique aspects of our footprint, the tailwinds in terms of volume that Terry mentioned in the Williston, capturing the flare gas, those sorts of things I think all play into their thought process.
Derek Reiners: We routinely will sell-off small pieces of pipe for things like that, that really aren't integral to our systems. So that's all that is. I think it's fairly consistent from year-to-year actually we've got kind of a kind of a small amount every year, it really only impacts DCF by less than $1 million.
Derek Reiners: Of course, they wanted to see us execute on those things I mentioned before. Broadly the macro environment, I think is difficult for them to take us off of any sort of a watch at this point. We really forced our hand last year in August, when we did the ONEOK bond deal where they had to rate that debt, that's when they put us on negative outlook. So my personal opinion is it's difficult for them to remove that given the broader macro environment, the low pricing and so forth.
Derek Reiners: Yes, John, I've covered that in our remarks. And there's a new slide in the presentation that accompanies the news release that gives you a lot of detail on that. We actually feel very good about the counterparty credit risk that we have. And we're not overly exposed to any particular customer, so good diversification. So we're not expecting any sort of material credit losses.
Terry Spencer: Derek, the only thing I would add to that is that I think the rating agencies from a macro perspective are aware of the growth that's happening in that petrochemical space. Now, whether they actually take that into consideration in any of their analysis, as Derek indicated, we don't know. But I think, they're certainly aware of it. And I think if you were to ask them about it, I think that they do view it as a strong positive, but whether they've actually factored that into any analysis, again, we don't know.
Terry Spencer: I'm going to make just a general comment about that slide, Becca, and then I'll let Kevin jump into more of the detail. But that's a theoretical depiction assuming that all of the flare gas gets connected and that we experience a 20% decline, and based upon that, you would need 100 wells. But now, I'll let Kevin take it the rest of the way.
Terry Spencer: And Craig, just let me step in here. So you used the word spreads, I think they are fees. It's not a spread play; it's a fee. And so there will be different rates, as Sheridan indicates, for different areas. And it's very common for us to have a lower fee rate for the ethane component than the C3 plus barrel.
Terry Spencer: I think that's a fair assessment Craig. We don't have anything of major strategic significance, in particular, in the G&P segment for 2017. So yes, you are thinking about it the right way. And in particular, if we get in this lower-for-longer mode, we do have the ability to flex down our current rate of capital spend down considerably. Now, we've not guided to that, don't intend to guide to that in this call, but I think you're thinking about it the right way.
Terry Spencer: Well, let me give you this, it's significant, and you could get to a point where just your routine growth, well connects, small infrastructure projects, compressor type projects could be the -- the core of your organic growth opportunities is that kind of stuff. And so it would be a significant reduction in the capital spend that we're experiencing here in '16; significant reduction in '17, if the lower-for-longer environment persists.
Terry Spencer: So Jeremy, we're not going to guide in the first quarters to what that fee rate is going to be, but we are expecting it to increase. And if there's any other color, I'll let Kevin address it.
Terry Spencer: Just Christine, and the only thing I would add to that as I think they've been appreciative of the fact that we've decisively cut capital spending, have made some really prudent decisions and that we've voiced to them our willingness to continue to cut capital, if the environment dictates.
Terry Spencer: Well, Kristina, we obviously evaluate our assets at all times, but we don't see asset sales as a primary driver for us going forward. The financial flexibility that we have from ONEOK generating excess cash gives us plenty of different tools that we can use, whether it be equity purchases or considering thoughts around the IDR. We constantly evaluate what would be best for ONEOK and ONEOK Partners and we're happy to have those tools at our disposal as we move forward.
Terry Spencer: Kristina, most of our objectives have been met in the Williston Basin, but generally speaking, we continue to, where we can, renegotiate contracts to reduce commodity price exposure and where we can increase margin. So that's just an ongoing process. There might be a few more in the Williston, but as I said, for the most part we're done there. Western Oklahoma and Kansas, of course, will be areas of our continual focus.
Terry Spencer: Well, certainly, John, the outperformance and the exceedance of expectation in volume performance is really key. We continue to be very well hedged, as you can see from the information that we provided to you. And we're going to get the full year of the contract restructuring benefit in 2016. So from a pricing point of view standpoint, we think that there's going to be some correction or some significant improvement in prices, as we move throughout the year based upon our current point of view. So as we sit today, we like our guidance. And as Kevin indicated, we're going to continue to assess producer activity and try and get as much visibility as we can. And if we think updates are necessary, we'll come back to you.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. So Becca, there are a couple of things and dynamics that are going on in that, transitioning from that slide to our guidance. Like Terry mentioned, that's kind of a theoretical, assuming all the flares were out. Well, in our guidance volumes, we factor in some level, a minimal level of flaring. And keep in mind; we've got Dunn County where gas is going to flare until we get the Bear Creek plant built in the third quarter. We also factor in a little bit for weather during the winter months. And then just some general operational cushion or whatever you want to call it just to pull volumes back a little bit. So that's the incremental difference between the 100 well connects that's referenced in the stair-step slide and our guidance. But we do feel strong when you look at the activity that's currently there in the basin, and the number of rigs on our acreage and then you look at the drilled and uncompleted backlog, we feel that the 250 to 350 is a really good number to achieve.
Kevin Burdick: The only thing I would add, Terry, is that, again, back to the drilled, but uncompleted backlog, when you think about that we've got 550 or a little more than that behind our acreage. I don't think there's any expectation that all of that's going to get worked up this year. So as you move into through this year and you move into '17, even if the flared gas volumes go very low, you've still got some support from that drilled, but uncompleted backlog, that producers can bring on relatively quickly as prices improve.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Jeremy, I mean we did experience an increase in the fourth quarter that was a little ahead of our expectations by getting some of the restructurings done earlier than anticipated. So while we do expect it to increase, I don't think it would be as pronounced as the increase from Q3 to Q4.
Kevin Burdick: Yes, the Mid-Continent area, especially the Stack, Cana, SCOOP areas, it's kind of interesting; because you've got really competing data points. Even as late as last week with some calls that we're out there, the performance and the results that many of our customers and other producers in the area are seeing are really outstanding, but yet there is some discussions of some delays. And we are watching that very closely, we're in constant communication with all of our customers in the Mid-Continent. I guess the way I think about it; it's really a function of just time. Those reserves are there, the results are strong, so the volumes will come, it's just, okay, is it going to be fourth quarter of this year, third quarter of this year or a push into '17, we'll be watching that closely over the next couple of months.
