Terry K. Spencer: Carl, you're correct, that's exactly right. We came into the quarter fully hedged, basically, and so the prices that were carried into the quarter, obviously, were slightly lower than where the actual market turned out for the quarter.
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, Carl, I think that would be a true statement. We've been fairly levelly hedged throughout the year, so I think that's right.
Terry K. Spencer: Sure, I think, well -- as far as the location differentials, for the Conway to Belvieu, I think we've guided you to about $0.07 to $0.08 a gallon and so that's what we expect for the balance of the year. I think in the iso to normal spread, we're in that $0.10 to $0.15 a gallon range for the balance of the year. So I mean, compared to last year, we see significant improvement in that iso to normal spread, I think we averaged less than $0.05 last year. So this year, we are looking for some improvement.
Terry K. Spencer: Sure, Ted. Well, as far as the contract structures, we don't anticipate any changes at all. We continue to enter into acreage dedications with percent-of-proceeds contracts with a fee-based component. In certain areas where there might be heated competition, we may have to flex that percentage upward a bit but, for the most part, we've been able to stay pretty much in line with the historical percentages that have supported these -- the past capital investments for the future.
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, I mean, we continue to have a lot of flaring going on. We're doing a pretty good job up there keeping the flares in line. We're actually -- we're at about 30% flaring within our footprint. Even in the midst of just tremendous growth that we've experienced, producers have a very high sense of urgency to get these flares put out and to reduce the flaring levels. We've got a targeted expectation of around 10% to 15%, going from 30% to 10% to 15% over the next couple of years. So yes, a high sense of urgency and as a result, it's certainly increasing the need for more processing capacity and gathering systems.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Ted, yes. Some of our operating costs, and I'm going to let some of these other guys talk about this, but some of our operating costs are kind of more fixed. And so you're feeling that right now. Now as we load these plants up and fill that capacity, there will be less and less incremental operating cost to go against that revenue. So yes, I mean, we don't -- nothing here surprises us from an operating cost standpoint and so what I'm saying is, is on a per unit basis, we'll see those operating cost continue to drop as we fill these plants.
Terry K. Spencer: Sure, I'd be glad to. Certainly, as I said in my remarks, ONEOK is a different company today. And our strategy certainly, in terms of maximizing the dividend, is to do of course, in fact, that and to operate this company as more of a holding company. And our strategy is for our M&A opportunities to be done at ONEOK Partners. And so I don't see ONEOK considering M&A opportunities that we can't keep blinders on. We can't ignore the fact that we've got a great currency at ONEOK, but as we sit today, our strategy is pretty straightforward. And at this point in time, I don't have any intentions of pursuing M&A opportunities at the OKE level.
Terry K. Spencer: Actually, for 2014, our CapEx spend is going to be weighted more toward the back end. Those projects that are coming online early in 2014, their capital spend is winding down of course, but then we've got other projects that are coming online during the year and that will heavily weigh the capital towards the back end.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, the acquisition actually is going very well. We're having considerable success at signing up new acreage dedications from producers. We've generated a lot of interest. Certainly, as you'll recall, as we've said many times before, this is a significantly underserved basin which fits well for us, having the ability to not just gather and process gas but, as importantly, transport natural gas liquids out of this basin. So because of that flexibility, we're able to generate a lot of interest in and have a lot of success at signing up customers. So it's going very well.
Terry K. Spencer: We actually have not provided that level of detail. So I can't really comment on that. So that's about all I got to say about that. It's only I can't say anything.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, good question. There really has not been that much impact from weather as it relates to the maintenance capital spending. The weather's occurred over such a very short period of time, so it really hasn't impacted us. I think we've probably been more impacted by our decisions as it relates to discretional capital spending. So there is a tranche within all of our maintenance capital budgets of discretional spending that we may choose from time to time during the year to do or not do. And we had some of that this year, and that's one of the reasons why our maintenance capital is lower.
Terry K. Spencer: Really, as it relates to our assets, all of our assets, including Northern Border, are market connected, direct-market connected. And they don't really -- they aren't really exposed to the classic basis spreads that you might see from other pipelines that are kind of more hub-connected. So the end-user customers have to have the gas. They've got to have the gas and, in many cases, they don't have economic alternatives. So in that scenario, they need the service. So from a re-contracting standpoint, we really don't anticipate any problems. In particular, in the case of Border, it's a very low-cost provider, so it's extremely competitive in the marketplace, as are the rest of our assets. So they're very well-connected, they meet specific customer needs. So when we get to the point in time where we renew contracts, we generally don't have any problem renewing them, certainly, as long as the rates and the fees we charge for the services are fair. From a macro perspective, our typical contract life is about 7 years across all our inter-states and intra-states. So we're really in pretty good shape.
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, Chris, that's a great question. We really have actually not seen that. We've actually seen a slight, ever so slight, increase in the amount that we're rejecting, actually. Part of it is from new supplies that we're connecting that are not recovering ethane. So our impact from ethane rejection, actually, is slightly higher. Do you understand what I'm saying? We haven't seen ethane come off but what we've seen is, from the new supplies that we've connected, they're not coming out of the box recovering ethane.
Terry K. Spencer: Chris, we'd be glad to do that. I'm going to let Wes Christensen take that Sterling III and Mont Belvieu frac question.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, it's a combination of all those things, Helen. We are, in fact, affected by and limited, not just by the capacity of the pipelines themselves, as we have multiple diameter pipes between the Mid-Continent and the Gulf Coast. The other thing that affects us to capacity is the type of product, what products you're actually moving and to where. So that can affect you as well. The heavier the barrel, the more difficult it is to pump those barrels, it requires more horsepower per mile. So that will affect you as well. And we had extreme demand and certainly, when you have periods of extreme demand, you may or may not be able to meet, on an hourly basis, the delivery rates that are required. So we did have some of that.
Terry K. Spencer: Okay, Craig, let me try and address your question this way. We have had, for some time, and we've been very open about this, a strategy to reduce our exposure to that Conway to Belvieu spread, i.e., our optimization business. We've been very successful in doing that, in contracting that capacity under fee-based contracts. And I guess, included in some of that is that the Bakken barrels move through some of that capacity. What's happened during 2013 is the ethane rejection created some available capacity that we wouldn't otherwise have. So as a result, we took advantage of that available capacity and captured whatever spread was there, okay? So generally speaking, I mean, we are making very good headway with taking that volatility out and our associated dependence on that spread.
Carl L. Kirst: No, understood. Appreciate that. And so as we look at say, for instance, fourth quarter and you all obviously ratcheted up prudently the hedging profile for 2014. Is that something that we should take as roughly equal through the year or is it something where again, maybe -- because there has been so much price volatility in the first quarter, should we be thinking that the first quarter is already fully hedged out at that same level? I just didn't know if there was maybe any additional color you could provide there.
Carl L. Kirst: Okay. And then lastly, and I understand this may be more challenging to answer, given the volatility that we have seen in the first quarter. I didn't know if there was any additional color you could provide on optimization opportunities in the first quarter. I think there may be desire to look back on some prior years given how well the optimization had done in periods of volatility, by the same token, with the exchange services ramping, there would seem to be not quite the same exposure. And then with Sterling III kind of now coming in, in March, maybe there wasn't the same opportunity to, perhaps, capture those spreads. So I didn't know if there was any color you could provide as far as what the market should be expecting or not expecting given the volatility.
Carl L. Kirst: No -- it does, and I understand you can't talk about the first quarter at this point but I do appreciate all the color.
Theodore Durbin: So I want to talk a little bit about, you've cited this favorable NGL product price differentials as being helpful to you. I'm just wondering if you can give us a little more commentary around that, is that just sort of a normal butane to isobutane spread, or where are you benefiting from the price differentials.
Theodore Durbin: Got it. Okay, so it's really on the prices itself of iso to normal, it's fine. And then next question for me was just in the Bakken itself, the outlook here for -- the need for additional processing plants up there, how you're thinking about the contract structure if you were to go forward with that, maybe just talk about your plans in the Bakken.
Theodore Durbin: Got it. And then how are the conversations going around the need for additional processing? Obviously, a lot of flaring going on up there.
Sheridan C. Swords: Helen, I think the answer is, is that our systems are designed to move barrels from Conway to Belvieu because as you've said, historically, that's been a higher price. So it's actually more advantageous for us most of the time if Belvieu was higher than Conway.
Sheridan C. Swords: Actually, only Sterling I has bi-directional capabilities. So you are limited, even if that was the choice to do that, you would be limited by that capacity.
Sheridan C. Swords: I think the answer to your question is that, that fractionated volumes are down because we frac some barrels that we don't gather, especially coming off of OPPL. So we saw a bigger decrease in volume coming off of OPPL. We continue to think that we will meet our guidance for 2014 with the new plants that are coming on, which most of them we will be gathering as well.
Sheridan C. Swords: The storage season -- Becca, the storage season that we're coming into usually starts about March when we start re-contracting, and that goes through April. It's kind of the season for the next year of re-contracting. So we will see as we get into that time period if this winter has changed the appetite of the end users on the propane side for more or less storage.
Sheridan C. Swords: I think the answer to your question is, as we look at our bundled service, if we have a customer that wants to go down the Mont Belvieu, it all comes down to where they're located out on our system to determine what the rate's going to be and what the competitive position they're in at that time.
