Robert Martinovich: Thanks John, and good morning everyone. ONEOK’s second quarter net income was $61 million compared with $55.1 million for the same period last year, driven primarily by the solid performance of ONEOK Partners offset partially by continued challenges in the Energy Services segment. We completed a 2:1 split of the company’s common stock on June 1, making our shares more accessible to a broader base of potential investors. Also in June, ONEOK executed $150 million accelerated share repurchase agreement funded by cash-on-hand and short-term borrowings, part of a Board approved $750 million share repurchase program through 2013, of which $300 million remain. Based on the repurchase of shares, we expect the average amount of diluted shares outstanding for 2012 to be approximately 211 million. ONEOK’s year-to-date 2012 standalone cash flow report changes in working capital exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by $82 million. In July, we declared a dividend of $0.33 per share on a split adjusted basis, an increase of 8% from the previous quarter.  With the partnership’s equity offering and private placement in March 2012, ONEOK as a general partner and significant limited partner owner is now expecting to receive $437 million in distributions from ONEOK Partners this year, a 31% increase over 2011.  We also updated 2012 guidance for ONEOK. Net income is expected to be in the range of $345 million to $375 million compared with its previous range of $360 million to $410 million. The updated guidance reflects lower expected earnings in the Energy Services and Natural Gas Distribution segments, offset partially by higher expected earnings in the ONEOK Partners segment. Pierce will discuss the specific guidance updates in a moment. Our updated standalone cash flow, before changes in working capital, is expected to exceed capital expenditures and dividends by a range of $115 million to $145 million versus our previous guidance range of $155 million to $195 million. This change reflects our revised ONEOK earnings guidance. Today we are also affirming our expectation to increase the dividend by approximately 40% between 2012 and 2014 as incremental cash from the growth of ONEOK Partners flows to ONEOK. At our Investor Day in September, we will present our updated 3-year 2013 to 2015 projections that will include specific ranges for net income and dividend growth. We also expect to release 2013 financial guidance at that time. ONEOK’s liquidity position remains good. At the end of the second quarter, on a standalone basis, we had $571.9 million of commercial paper outstanding, $22.8 million of cash and cash equivalents, with $626.4 million available under our $1.2 billion credit facility and our standalone total debt to capitalization ratio was 52%. ONEOK’s cash flow and liquidity position continue to give us excellent financial flexibility. ONEOK remains committed to providing sustainable value to our shareholders and solidifying our position as an attractive investment, whether it is by increasing our dividend, repurchasing ONEOK stock, and/or purchasing additional units of ONEOK Partners. We have used all of these options and don’t view them as mutually exclusive, and are fortunate to have the financial capability to do one or more under favourable conditions. Now, Pierce will update you on ONEOK’s operating performance.
Robert Martinovich: Thanks, John. In the second quarter, ONEOK Partners net income increased 21% compared with the second quarter of 2011, driven by higher natural gas liquids operating results. ONEOK Partners reported net income of $206.5 million, or $0.69 per unit compared with last year’s second quarter net income of $171.1 million, or $0.67 per unit. There were 219.8 million units outstanding for the second quarter this year compared with 203.8 million units outstanding for the same period in 2011. The equity offering and private placement in March 2012 included the issuance of 16 million additional units. Quarterly distributable cash flow increased 16% compared with the second quarter last year, resulting in a coverage ratio of 1.29 times. At the same time, we are increasing distributions to our unit holders. We increased the distribution $0.025 per unit for the second quarter and subject to Board approval, expect to increase another $0.025 per unit per quarter for the remainder of 2012.  The most common question we are asked relates to the potential impact of sustained low commodity prices, specifically NGL prices on our distribution growth rate. Based on a current forward-looking price tag developed by averaging Pyro and Wood MacKenzie prices for crude oil and natural gas and applying NGL price relationships to crude oil from CMAI, our average annual distribution growth rate would be at the low end of the 15% to 20% range for 2013 and 2014 with a coverage ratio of 1. Our long-term coverage ratio target remains at 1.05 to 1.15 times. However, if low commodity prices are sustained our coverage ratios could be slightly below that. We will provide more specific price assumption with you at our Investor Day in September. We have increased the partnership’s 2012 earnings guidance to a range of $860 million to $910 million compared with the previous range of $810 million to $870 million, reflecting higher earnings in the Natural Gas Liquids segment offset partially by lower expected earnings in the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment. We now estimate the partnership’s 2012 distributable cash flow to be in the range of $975 million to $1.025 billion, compared with its previous range of $925 million to $985 million.  We will also present ONEOK Partners’ updated three-year projections for 2013 to 2015 in September that will include specific ranges for EBITDA and distribution growth. We also expect to release 2013 financial guidance at that time. We hedge the commodities received for our services to lock-in margins on our expected equity volumes in the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment. For the rest of 2012, 76% of our natural gas volumes are hedged, while 70% of our NGLs are hedged. Hedging information for 2013 is included in the news release. At the end of the second quarter, the partnership had $92.9 million in cash, $24 million of commercial paper outstanding, a debt to capitalization ratio of 44%, and a debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.3 times. We extended the maturity date of our $1.2 billion revolving credit agreement by one year to August 2017. Now, Pierce will review the partnership’s operating performance.
Robert Martinovich: I mean, Carl, we do, and I guess one of the other reason that we want to cite that was that's been past practice, so you can get a feel as far as how those things are moving around, but really where those kind of end up from at least from a crude standpoint, you are kind of mid-90s, gas around 4, and then, on the composite barrels, kind of in that $0.80 to $0.90 range.
Robert Martinovich: Yes, Carl, when we talk about that first quarter, we said similar to an LCM that you may be familiar with on inventory, however, this related to losses on purchase head contracts. And as we indicated in the first quarter and as Pierce said, now, we expect to get some deferred gains back in this heating season. And so, we do expect to claw back a little bit of that this year and that’s included in the guidance.
Robert Martinovich: Yes, I think just to imply John, much like when we had periods of time, John, where we knew we had unsustainable optimization levels and we had coverage ratios well exceeding that target rate. There are going to be periods of times we are down below. So, I think you have to look at there from a sustainability standpoint before you make the final decision.  
Pierce Norton: Thanks Rob, and good morning. Starting with our Natural Gas Distribution segment, second quarter 2012 earnings was up slightly due to higher rates and surcharge recoveries driven by regulatory activity in Texas and Kansas. The distribution segment’s operating income guidance for 2012 has been slightly decreased to $215 million, reflecting lower margins due to warmer than normal weather. Now a brief regulatory update. Kansas Gas Service filed a requested with the Kansas Corporation Commission to increase its overall annual revenues by $32.7 million. The request includes a $50.7 million increase in base rates and an $18 million reduction in amounts currently recovered through surcharges. If approved, we expect to implement new rates in January 2013.  In July 2012, Oklahoma Natural Gas received approval to increased base rates by $9.5 million annually. Our tariff was also modified, narrowing the range of allowed return on equity to between 10% and 11% compared with the previously approved range of 9.75% to 11.25%. So far in 2012, we have received approval for increasing totals of $10.1 million annually in various Texas jurisdictions under rate cases and capital recovery and cost of service mechanisms. Now a brief overview of Energy Services. Second quarter 2012 earnings were reduced as a result of lower transportation margins impaired with 2011 and lower premium services’ margins due to lower natural gas prices. As we have said on previous earnings calls, we are aligning, or right-sizing the transportation and storage capacity to serve our premium services customers, which means we are turning back or renegotiating transportation in storage leases. We now expect our year-end 2012 natural gas storage position to be approximately 72 Bcf compared with our previous estimate of 65 Bcf.  We decreased guidance for the Energy Services segment to an operating loss of $60 million. This was primarily from the required $30 million non-cash reclassification of deferred losses to earnings on certain financial contracts related to our storage business, of which we have gains that will be recognized in earnings during 2012 and 2013 heating season, and the non-cash $10 million goodwill impairment charge. Both of these charges occurred in the first quarter 2012. This segment continues to be challenged by lower natural gas prices and volatility and narrow seasonal and location natural gas price differentials. John that concludes my remarks for ONEOK.
Pierce Norton: Steve, this is Pierce. The way I would answer that one is that if you remember in my script notes, we have 2.7 million acres under dedication there, and when you look at the projected volumes, it will more than fill up that plant. So, we actually have all of that contracted for under existing area dedications.  And as far as MB-3 goes, there is a very high level, way more barrels available there than even the capacity. So, we believe that, that will fill up really quickly and be committed as well.
Pierce Norton: Actually, the way that you add the capacity to that pipe, which is through pumps, the way the engineering works is that the capacity actually elevates up to 135,000 per day. We do expect it to be substantially full, but we also run into a limitation when we get to Overland Pass pipeline. So, we won't be able to immediately go to the 135,000 without doing some things on the Overland Pass pipeline, but it will be substantially full early.
John Gibson: Thanks Pierce. Now, Rob will review ONEOK Partners financial performance and then Pierce will come back and review the partnership’s operating performance, as well as our growth projects.
John Gibson: Thank you, Pierce. Terry will now give you an update on our view of the current and the long-term NGL market dynamics.
John Gibson: Thank you, Terry. Before we take your questions I would like to add to what Rob said about our confidence in our dividend and distribution growth projections.  Prices, especially lower ones, will affect ONEOK Partners earnings through our Percent of Proceeds contracts, particularly in our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing business. This commodity price risk will always be present in the gathering and processing business, which is why we have historically pursued hedging opportunities. However, as we continue to grow ONEOK Partners, the volume growth in our natural gas liquids and crude oil pipeline business will generate additional income that is fee-based and contracted on a shipper pay or fracker pay basis, significantly reducing future earnings risk. I would also at this time like to thank our more than 4800 employees whose dedication and commitment allow us to operate our assets safely, reliably, and environmentally responsibly every day and create exceptional value for our investors and customers. Our entire management team appreciates their efforts to make our company successful. Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to recognize David Roth, our Senior Vice President of Administrative Services who will retire September 30. In his role he is responsible for IT, HR and corporate services. During his 33 years he has made countless contributions and many positive changes to our employee benefits, enhanced our IT capability dramatically, and advanced our employee development efforts. Through his leadership he has made ONEOK a much better place to work. During my 12 years at ONEOK, David has been a trusted and faithful colleague, but more importantly to me, over those years, one of my closest friends. With Dan assuming David’s responsibilities, I’m confident the Company will stay the course, but we will miss David Roth.  So, on behalf of all ONEOK employees, we thank David for his contributions and wish him the best in his retirement years. Operator, we are now ready to take questions.
John Gibson: I will ask Pierce to provide you as much detail, as he is comfortable doing. But as you will recall in our many, many conversations where you asked very similar questions, we don't disclose a whole lot of information about that, but whatever you feel comfortable saying, Pierce.
John Gibson: It really is not – it's the same one it's pretty much that you go through in the NGL side. You will get core permits, if you cross any kind of state lands. You get the state land permits. You go through the standard negotiation process in the beginning, and then, you have an open season, and then basically you are ready to go and construct and build once you get the necessary regulatory permits. So, nothing out of the ordinary when you compare it to the NGL side.
John Gibson: John, really, I think probably the only thing I could add to the previous comments I made in my remarks is that the curve is going to be kind of lumpy. It is not going to be perfectly smooth and certainly, we will have these periods of time where we will have excess ethane. When many of the analysts analyze this ethane supply and demand balance, they would make the assumption that everyone of these fractionators that are coming on are going to be full day one, or at least get full at some point in time.  That may not happen in every case. And as a result, it is going to make it kind of difficult to predict those supply and demand balances during that timeframe. And so, it really is going to look kind of lumpy, and we will have periods where the crackers will need everything we can give them, and they will consume everything we can give them, and other times, where they don't. So, we will have to weather that. It will be volatile. And we are well-positioned through that volatile timeframe and by the time, we make it to 2015, 2017, we will be in really good shape.
John Gibson: I mean basically you have got some escalation of cost that occurs in the labor market and with the materials, so that's driving it more than anything, and frankly, when you start to build that many fractionators down in that area, you get a lot of demand for construction services, both construction management services and the materials and labor and this just drives the cost up.
John Gibson: We still expect our returns to be solid and within those guidelines of multiples that we provided earlier.
John Gibson: I am sorry, but was Elvira asking about the NGL pipeline or the crude oil pipeline?Elvira Scotto – RBC Capital Markets: The NGL pipeline.
John Gibson: Certainly, Elvira. I could see where you might think that. I think the reality though is that there's quite a bit of capacity that's going to be built not just by ONEOK, but by others. DCP has their project and Enterprise has their Texas Express projects. So, those will be coming online in 2013 and then 2014. So, those are going pressure the spreads.  We are pretty confident they will come in because when you just do the math and you look at the increment capacity that's going to be added, you just add it up, it's significant. So, our view was that the floor, so to speak, on that margin will – on that margin between Conway and Belvieu will naturally gravitate towards this cost to build. So, it may be conservative, but we feel pretty confident that's where it's going to wind up.Elvira Scotto – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Great. Thanks, that’s all I have.
John Gibson: Helen, you are correct in the amount of optimization capacity available to us is going to go directionally downward toward the end of the year. That is a contractual basis, but as I mentioned before, part of that is dependent on whether or not they actually – what volume is under those contracts actually shows up. So, we have assumed that most of that volume will show up. It may or may not, and if it doesn't, then we will have a little more for capacity. We actually don't disclose what that amount is.
John Gibson: I think if I said that and then the volumes, whatever those volumes materialize, kind of sending a message as to what that is. So, we are going to have, we will always have a certain amount of volume available for optimization, I guess is the best way I can answer that.
John Gibson: It actually is a little bit of both. We have enough E/P mix to put in that splitter and capture that upside purity ethane to the E/P price. It also factors into competitive advantage point of view that we have of being able to offer our customers a purity ethane price, which rolls into long-term fee-based contracts out of the Mid-Continent.
John Gibson: Okay. Well, thank you all. This concludes our call. A couple of announcements. The Annual ONEOK Partners Investor Day is scheduled for Tuesday, September 25th, in New York. A ‘save the day’ notice was sent out to you earlier this week and we will be following up with additional information, including times, meeting room locations in the next several weeks.  At that meeting, you will have the opportunity to meet TD Eureste, who is joining our Investor Relations team from Treasury and will be part of Andrew’s team. Our quiet period for the third quarter starts when we close our books in early October and extends until earnings are released after the market closes on October 30th, followed by our conference call of 11 Eastern, 10 Central on October 31st.  We will provide details on the conference call at a later date. Andrew and I will be available throughout the day to answer your follow-up questions. So, we will see you in September, if not before. Thanks for joining us.
Terry Spencer: Right, John. I think we were expecting – it would take roughly a year to get to about 160,000 barrels per day, and of course, we have moved through that pretty quickly. So, sort of, it depends upon the ability of the producer or the customer shipper to either complete the plans or have the supply available. Once the pipeline is built, it's just a matter of the supply being accessible.
Terry Spencer: Ted, this is Terry. We provided you the $0.28 for ethane for the second half of 2012. As we look to 2013, if you recall, we have actually brought some capacity on between the Mid-Continent and the Gulf Coast, and then in particular our Sterling I 15,000 barrel a day expansion and our Arbuckle expansion of about 60,000 barrels per day here in 2012.  So, we have bought some capacity on, and so, as a result, our view is that the spreads will tighten somewhat as we move into 2013. So, you are going to see spreads, in our view, somewhere in that $0.15 to $0.20 range for 2013. And then, you will move into the 2014 timeframe and get into that $0.08 to $0.10 realm, which is primarily the cost to build.
Terry Spencer: No. If we could get those two anchor shippers, then we will be within that range, but we do expect there to be even more interest than just those two anchor shippers.
Terry Spencer: I'm not suggesting that your question is insinuating. We have changed our practice, because we haven't. I think what we were trying to do in our comments was to say that with sustained low pricing and keeping our distribution growth, we could see a one-times coverage.  We are not saying that we are shifting from 1.05 to 1.15 and we are now going to set it at 1. So, I just want to be clear that, that was not the intention of our comments. Our comments were there is a lot of concern in low price environment, as to whether or not people are going to maintain their coverage ratio and grow their distribution.  We believe in worst case that we may face if prices continue to remain low that we might be near that one. We might fall below that 1.05, but we are not rebasing the company to a one-times coverage ratio.  So, I just want to be clear that we have not changed and we remain focused, and then there was a question earlier about which (inaudible) and our management team believes that what you would do is probably slow down your distribution growth in periods of extremely low price environment and maintain your coverage ratio. And then, of course, is your follow-on question about equity offering or additional financing. Even if we had those dates, we wouldn’t share them with you.  So, I think you look at the balance sheet, although there is a lot of great things to be said about it clearly, at OKS, we need to raise some additional capital, some debt and we have got a great general partner and a company that likes to invest in ONEOK Partners. So, we see the capital markets being receptive to any demands we might put out there.
Terry Spencer: Helen, this is Terry. I do recall that's what we indicated. I think it's quite simply in terms of we will have built the 75,000 barrel a day fractionator, then we will have done that. It will be easier and more efficient, and we will get more bang for our buck building a twin basically to MB-2. So, it's simply that.
Terry Spencer: Helen, there is one other piece I think that I need to mention here is that there are also infrastructure costs that are in the MB-3 costs. So, there is some line loopings, some pumps and some other stuff out in the field that's actually also going to be attributing to that, not only the escalation in costs. So, I think that's probably one of the big points I want to make.
