Rob Martinovich: Thanks John and good morning to everyone. In the first quarter ONEOK Partners reported net income of $151 million or $1.16 per unit compared with last year’s first quarter net income of $84 million of $0.57 per unit, an 80% year-over-year increase. Distributable cash flow in the first quarter was $185 million, a 51% increase compared with first quarter 2010, resulted in a coverage ratio of 1.30 times. We reaffirmed the partnership’s 2011 net income guidance in the range of $525 million to $575 million, with distributable cash flow in the range of $625 million to $675 million. We expect the partnership’s interest expense to be approximately $12 million higher compared with what we announced in January. This amount will be offset by a projected $12 million increase in equity earnings for Overland Pass Pipeline. This line item shift reflects financing of Overland Pass Pipeline at the ONEOK Partners level versus at the joint venture level that we assumed in our initial 2011 financial guidance Pending Board approval, the partnership anticipates increasing the distribution of $0.01 per quarter for the remainder of 2011, building on the first quarter of 2011 distribution increase to $1.15 per unit to be paid this month, which marks the 18th distribution increase since ONEOK became sole general partner five years ago, a 44% increase. We have hedges in place to lock in margins on our expected equity volumes in the naturals gas gathering and processing segment, which is the most sensitive to commodity price changes. For the remainder of 2011, we have hedged 68% of our expected NGL and condensate equity volumes at an average of $1.40 per gallon and 78% of our expected natural gas equity volumes at $5.60 per MMBtu. For 2012, approximately 52% of our expected NGL and condensate equity volumes are hedged at an average price of $1.82 per gallon. For 2013, we have hedged approximately 5% of our expected NGL and condensate equity volumes at an average price of $2.55 per gallon. In January, we completed an offering of $1.3 billion of senior notes consisting of $650 million of five-year senior notes at a coupon of 3.25% and $650 million of 30-year senior notes at a coupon of 6.125%, generating net proceeds of approximately $1.28 billion. As a result of the debt offering, we repaid all of our outstanding commercial paper and the $225 million senior notes that were due in March 2011 and we will use the remaining funds for general partnership purposes, including our 2011 capital spending program. At the end of the first quarter, we had $617 million [ph] in cash and no commercial paper for borrowings outstanding under the $1 billion revolving credit agreement that expires in 2012. On March 31st, the partnership had a debt-to-capital ratio of 54% and debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 4.2. The majority of the Sterling III and Mont Belvieu-2 projects estimated capital expenditures will be in 2012 and 2013, with a minimal amount in 2011. Therefore, we do not anticipate any additional financing this year, but we will continue to monitor the capital markets and be prepared to take advantage of any opportunities. Now, Terry will review the partnership’s operating performance.
Rob Martinovich: Thanks John. ONEOK’s first quarter net income was $130 million or $1.19 per diluted share compared with $155 million or $1.44 per diluted share in the same period last year. Operating costs were higher primarily due to increased share-based compensation costs as well as increased employee benefit costs and higher property taxes in the ONEOK Partners segment. Share-based compensation costs include stocks issued to employees and Directors under the company’s long-term incentive plans and our employee stock award program that awards one share of stock each time ONEOK stock closes at or above a new $1 benchmark. The program began in 2004 to reward employees for their contributions to the company’s success. Since then, we have awarded 44 shares of stock and in the first quarter, we awarded 11 shares of stock at a cost of $5 million. ONEOK’s first quarter 2011 standalone free cash flow before changes in working capital exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by $117 million. This includes the benefit of bonus depreciation we recorded as a result of federal income tax legislation. Bonus depreciation will continue to benefit us throughout 2011. As general partner and significant limited partner owner, ONEOK received $80 million in distributions from the partnership for the first quarter of 2011, a 10% increase from the same period last year. At the partnership’s planned 2011 distribution level, ONEOK will receive approximately $328 million in distribution this year, an 8% increase over 2010. ONEOK’s income tax is on the distributions from the LP units it owns are deferred, contributing to ONEOK’s strong free cash flow. ONEOK’s liquidity position is excellent. At the end of the first quarter, on a standalone basis, we had no short-term debt, $1.2 billion available on our existing credit facilities, $253 million of cash and cash equivalents and $174 million of natural gas and storage. In April 2011, we repaid $400 million of maturing senior notes of available cash and borrowings from our commercial paper program. And last month, we completed a new five-year $1.2 billion unsecured senior revolving credit facility replacing one that was to expire in June. Our standalone long-term and total debt-to-capitalization ratios at March were 38%. ONEOK’s significant free cash flow and excellent liquidity position give us tremendous financial flexibility. As you know, the Board authorized a $750 million share repurchase program for 2013 with an annual maximum of $300 million. To date, we have not purchased any shares, but continued to evaluate the opportunity to do so. This authorization is another option to return value to shareholders. However, we also have other alternatives such as acquisitions, increasing our investment in ONEOK Partners or further increasing dividends. Our 2011 guidance anticipates dividend increases of $0.04 per share twice a year during 2011. We increased the dividend in January and the Board will consider another one in July. This is consistent with our forecasted 50% to 60% dividend increase between 2011 and 2013. We are reaffirming ONEOK’s 2011 net income guidance in the range of $325 million to $360 million. We expect higher earnings in the ONEOK Partners segment that will offset the lower expected earnings in the energy services segment that John mentioned earlier. Our financial guidance reflects standalone free cash flow of $235 million to $275 million, which includes the benefit from the bonus depreciation I mentioned earlier. This range does not include any share repurchases. So, obviously, if we were to repurchase shares under our authorized program, free cash flow would be reduced. Now, Pierce will update you on ONEOK’s operating performance.
Rob Martinovich: Steve, the only thing I would add to that is, and Terry test on it, don’t lose side of the fact of the decline that we face. And then the second thing is I believe his conversations with 17 different plants is probably just an estimate.
Rob Martinovich: That’s the trade-off for us. I mean, we are in the business providing services to producers, processors and are downstream customers are pet chem. So, we will exchange, we will create this capacity which will reduce the spreads, but in exchange to that, we will have fee-based business and make our business much more stable going forward.
Rob Martinovich: It’s not so much what we need to see as much as – and of course, I surely can’t give you specific information, as much as the alternatives for those, for that cash. And it can’t be too specific about what we wanted to do with it, but that’s the trade-off. And so, we continue to look at that almost daily relative to the other opportunities we have for either acquisitions or increasing dividends, but I probably can’t go much beyond that.
Rob Martinovich: Yes, conservative? We, every year, go through the same process where after the first quarter, we know a little bit more about our performance relative to our expectations. After the second quarter, we will know a whole lot more and every quarter, if you look at our history, we have tightened the bands, moved the midpoint and I would anticipate we would continue to do the same. What we are saying is that we are probably going to be on the high end at OKS, as we see the business today, but those, let’s say, around this table have been in this business long enough to know that it can change quickly. And we have three more quarters to go.
Rob Martinovich: If you are probably familiar with the pipeline project called the Vantage Pipeline company, named Mistral has developed in concert with NOVA Chemicals. That’s an opportunity for us and we are evaluating it and looking at its merit. Of course, we have got now with the Bakken Pipeline, we have got a couple of ways we can go with our incremental ethane. So, we are continuing to evaluate that.
Rob Martinovich: I think John has made this comment in the past, when everybody was looking at Marcellus, we were working fast and feverishly on the Bakken and we announced the Bakken. We still have a lot of opportunities right underneath our noses in our fairway, and we have talked about the Niobrara, we have talked about the Woodford, lot of things going on in those areas. So, I mean, our plate is well.
Rob Martinovich: It is, the exception to that would be, for example, in the Bakken, the producers don’t want the fee-based arrangement behind processing things, they want a percentage of proceeds. So, we have to meet the needs of the producers. So, to the extent the market allows us to, we will move towards fee-based arrangements, but to the extent the market doesn’t want to be there, we have to be competitive.
Rob Martinovich: Helen, that’s still pretty much our view that we got to fill that hole each and every year in order to stay flat.
John Gibson: Thank you, Pierce and congratulations to you also on a great quarter as well as Caron and Patrick, all doing the right things in a difficult market environment. Now, a couple of final comments before we take your questions. We are confident of our 2011 financial guidance ranges for both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. We expect ONEOK Partners’ strong performance in the first quarter with expected volume growth to continue throughout the year and offset lower anticipated results in energy services. As Pierce mentioned, energy services has a path forward in a very difficult market consisting of tighter seasonal storage and basis spreads and lower price volatility, all due to the oversupply of natural gas because of the emergence of shale plays. However, the shale plays have benefited ONEOK Partners, affording us the opportunity to invest capital to build critical gathering and processing and natural gas liquids infrastructure, to serve natural gas producers, processors and customers. The abundance of natural gas has also brought price stability to consumers making natural gas a preferred and environmentally attractive fuel for home heating, electric power generation and in certain applications, transportation. Lower natural gas prices also make the NGLs coming from these shale plays very attractive feedstocks for the petrochemical industry. As illustrated by the expansions Terry just mentioned, that’s good for us, but more importantly, it’s good for the country. And the overall global competitiveness of the U.S. petrochemical industry and why we are so enthusiastic about natural gas liquids supply and demand. We are on track, both cost and timing with our projects. As Terry mentioned, we have applied the lessons learned from our first set of projects, which will benefit from our overall project execution. In all of our projects which now total almost $3 billion with the new ones we announced this week are consistent with our vision to create value for our customers and investors, enabling us to grow earnings and provide our owners with attractive returns. And of course, finally, I would like to thank our employees across more than a dozen states for their dedication and commitment, which create value everyday for our investors and customers. I appreciate their efforts and know that our success as a company depends on their contributions. At this time, we are now ready to take your questions.
John Gibson: Well, this can kind of give you a benchmark. Our point of view is that in the U.S., we expect at least 200,000 barrels a day of incremental ethane demand. When you put that on an NGL, you make an assumption about a 50% ethane content, that’s 400,000 barrels a day. You are going to need some frac capacity in order to meet that need. So, that gives you some indication. When you look at, you can do the math, you can look at enterprises announcements, you look at our announcement, I think you could argue, we are still going to be a bit short. So, there is likely going to have to be more capacity built to meet the needs.
John Gibson: It’s significantly different than the Marcellus, and what’s happening in the Bakken, that gas is so rich, it’s not even possible to blend that raw gas because it’s 1,500 Btu gas, it contains 13 GPM, the natural gas liquids. You can’t even consider blending it. What’s happening is the gas is being flared at the well hedge by the producers until all this infrastructure gets built. So, their considerable volumes being flared and obviously that’s a strong economic driver for the producers to get these wells connected and get their gas committed to processor as soon as possible.
John Gibson: The answer to your last two questions is yes. So, the basis will come in and we are going to have capacity for other, okay. As far as the optimization contribution, in the earnings release, we talked about and quantified approximately how much of that was spread-driven. So, it’s there even in the earnings release for optimization.
John Gibson: What I will tell you is, is that the market is indicating to us and I am not going to tell you what that is, but the market is indicating to us the long-term value of that capacity, okay. And that long-term value of that capacity is lower, significantly lower than the spread that’s currently printing in the market today.
John Gibson: I think that is true. We looked at those prices in 2012 relative to our point of view. Some of the literature, the people are a lot smarter than us, put out there, and we deemed that those were good prices and thought we should take them off the table. And yes, we anticipated these project announcements, the need for some certainty as to locking down future earnings that also influenced us.
John Gibson: John, yes. We do expect to fill it immediately. We actually already delivering barrels as we speak into the frac, not at full capacity, but they are still in the process, are still in the process of starting that fractionators. And yes, that we anticipate filling that 60,000 barrels a day capacity and it will in fact help our optimization activity.
John Gibson: John, not really. We have not targeted a specific percentage. I think historically we have run in that 12% to 13% range of course with this spread environment, it’s stepped to the 25% range of our gross margin. Probably something in that range is going to be fine with us. One of the things that will of course factor into whether we optimize more or less of course is what the market and i.e., the producers are willing to pay for that ability to take their Conway barrels to Mont Belvieu. We get comfortable with the particular rate, then we are going to give up that capacity and give up that optimization upside. We will always have, I believe a tranche of capacity that we will reserve for optimization opportunity.
John Gibson: Actually, what we like to be able to do is move raw products across either of those pipelines as operational needs and market needs dictate. What will have to happen with the Sterling, the existing Sterling pipelines is some work on the pump motors in order to get them hands up where they can handle raw products at a very small cost will need to be done.
John Gibson: We will have reversible capability which we have had for some time. You won’t need to reverse all three pipelines at the same time. Very rarely will we ever have to do that, okay. But we will have reversible, reversing capability on Sterling III as well as with our existing Sterling pipes.
John Gibson: At this point in time, we would anticipate that nearly all of the barrels should be locked up under some form of long-term contract. The terms would typically be anywhere from 5 to 15 years, preferably 10 plus.
John Gibson: You know, we have always said $300 million to $500 million per year and it’s still in that order of magnitude.
John Gibson: I was just going to say, we still got several foreseeable future, I don’t know how you define that, but we still got a backlog.
John Gibson: I think another way to think about it is, when we make those decisions, we look at the competitive landscape, make sure we have got some value that we can bring to the producer, to the processor and customers, and for us, just by virtue of where our infrastructure exists, it continues to be right down from Canada down to Mont Belvieu. So, if we were to move to the east or to the west, it would be, if we saw opportunities to our model of vertical integration. So, we are not going to find ourselves in California in trying to give into some business we know nothing about.
John Gibson: Let me give you this number, maybe this will give you order of magnitude. The Rockies volume that we are talking about is about 150,000 MMBtu per day of that 992. So, maybe that helps you, the rest of it is going to be Mid-Continent, Kansas, Oklahoma. As far as the situation with that particular producer, it is stable, but that producer like any producer is going to optimize for landholding purposes, for geologic reasons, they are going to optimize and change and adjust their drilling schedules from time-to-time and there was a pretty significant adjustment with this particular producer. They are still very high on their prospects and we still have a very, very strong and bullish long-term view on this particular producer.
John Gibson: You got dry gas in the Cana and you got rich gas in the Cana produced or stepped in and out of those particular plays as conditions warrant.
John Gibson: We see it as you describe it. Agree with what you have, we have actually exposure to Canada through our energy services business in the past. So, we know what you say is true. Because what you say is true, it’s probably not the most favorable environment, but it’s something that we think about very carefully before we would head in that direction.
John Gibson: I don’t know, I guess I could take everybody else’s time and repeat what you said, but it’s clearly one of the things we look at, at ONEOK is to where our money goes and where we think it can create the most value for our shareholder and clearly that still remains a great investment, so does buying back shares, so does increasing the dividend. But I will say also, so does buying earnings. And you know, as hard as we work at ONEOK Partners on developing these internal projects, you may rest assured we are working just as hard for opportunities to grow at ONEOK, they are just more difficult and not quite as a parent.
John Gibson: I am with you now, Rick. Particularly in our NGL business, capacity has been tight. Fractionation capacity, the infrastructure capacity across the board has been tight because the demand for that capacity has gone up. And so, every year we have a tranche of contracts that come up for renewal, and we have benefited from the market, the market value for this capacity increasing. So, that’s hit our bottom line and in particular in certain areas in our gathering and processing segment, we see that opportunity and realize those opportunities as well.
John Gibson: Not particularly, there’s not a significant change. I think if there is a change to structure, it’s probably more around the fact that some of these producers, NGL producers are willing to enter into frac or pay types of arrangements. And we are doing a number of those.
Terry Spencer: Yes, Steve, specifically with respect to the change in behavior, clearly the pet chems are wanting to talk about longer-term types of arrangements. Those arrangements can come in a number of different forms. They can address pricing, they can address dedication. Those are the kinds of conversations we have not had with them historically. They typically have been a short-term buyer of ethane. Given these large capital investments, it absolutely takes a long-term view. They have to have a long-term point of view in order to make these investments work. And they clearly are getting more and more comfortable with supply. I think that some of this talk about longer term contracts may be a bit overblown. I think they have and are getting more confident in the supply picture, so they don’t absolutely have to have long-term supply contracts for ethane to make these things work. I think they are kind of sort of realizing that. They are getting more confident as the NGL infrastructure like these projects we recently announced continue to get built. That is the endorsement of the supply, that’s what’s providing them with some comfort. So, clearly they are thinking differently than they have in the past that’s of course beneficial to us.
Terry Spencer: And hopefully this answers your question. When we justified these projects, we justified them based upon extraction of propane plus, that is actually no ethane extraction, okay. And it really has been until we approved Bakken NGL pipeline that we considered extracting ethane. So now, with the Bakken pipeline at and anticipate extracting ethane at those plants and we are also looking at the possibility of taking ethane up into Canada, okay. Now, when you look at the equity makeup or the waiting of commodity risk on these projects versus fee, what you are going to see is we are going to increase our commodity exposure, because these are percent of proceeds contracts, and we are going to be, these projects are going to be about 75% NGL-driven revenues with the balance being fee-based. The Bakken pipeline itself will be fee-based. So, hopefully that at least answered part of your question.
Terry Spencer: Michael, that’s a great question. That Sterling III pipeline, we will be able to actually batch raw feed and purity, so that’s contrary to what some people believe that are not in the NGL industry, you can hedge raw products and purity products.
Terry Spencer: Clearly, NGL storage is something that in order to be effective at bringing these kinds of volumes down into in the Belvieu, we got to be able to do a good job handling those volumes, and we are looking and have for sometime looked at expansions of our existing storage capability at Belvieu. So, what I will tell you is, is that we are working on that very feverishly. As far as the natural gas pipelines go, we are looking at a number of projects to supply natural gas to potential co-plant conversions and new industrial loads. So, we are very active, very busy there.
Terry Spencer: A large portion of it is going to be intrastate, but we have got a lot of incremental load activity on our interstates as well and in particular as it relates to conversions of coal plants to natural gas. Also, we continue to look at new processing plant opportunities in our gathering and processing segment in these hot shale plays.
Terry Spencer: It’s going to be, that base NGL production decline is going to be comparable, it may not be quite as steep because obviously they are richer, these shale plays are richer in NGL content than the typical and historical NGL content of a lot of our basin. So, it may be a bit shallower, but it’s going to be in the same order of magnitude in our view.
Terry Spencer: Helen, most of our projects have been kind of a ramp-up type. The development doesn’t all happen day one, so it’s going to happen overtime, but your return is going to be in that five to seven times range pretty consistently.
Terry Spencer: Yes, it can from quarter-to-quarter. That shift that you are talking about, we have an ongoing effort, and still it’s a strategy that we still employ to reduce the segment’s volatility and risk as it relates to commodity prices. So, we are still converting from time-to-time people contracts to percent of proceed/fee-based type contracts. So, that’s some of what you are seeing there.
