Terry Spencer: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. I would like to start by welcoming Andrew back to the team and I also want to acknowledge T.D. Eureste for his many contributions to our Investor Relations efforts during some of the most challenging times over the last few years. T.D. is now Vice President of our Treasury team. Joining me today on this call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Our second quarter ended with the completion of the ONEOK and ONEOK Partners merger transaction, which included the acquisition of all of the common units of ONEOK Partners we did not previously own. ONEOK is even better positioned to execute our long-term growth strategy for the benefit of both our legacy and new ONEOK shareholders. We have many opportunities for organic growth across our businesses through our diversified and integrated midstream asset footprint in some of the nation's most active shale plays. We can provide our current and new customers with full service midstream capabilities. As I have said before, growth opportunities continued to develop in the areas we operate. Our second quarter 2017 financial results were solid with volume growth in both our gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments. Higher average fee rates in our G&P segment and higher transportation revenues from completed expansions in our natural gas pipelines segment. Walt will review our financial results and provide additional color on our 2017 guidance, which was updated to reflect the merger transaction and our business outlook for the rest of 2017. Kevin will discuss our operational results in more detail as well. With that, I will now turn the call over to Walt.
Terry Spencer: Thanks Kevin. A couple final comments as it relates to our future growth projects before we take your questions. We continue to grow our backlog of potential capital growth projects that we are working hard to develop and earn customer commitments. Once we do so we will certainly announce those projects. Additionally I am confident that over time, we will add to our backlog as we have done in the past. We expect to continue to grow in our existing businesses and continue to focus on applying our core capabilities to create value for our customers and investors. Finally, I want to thank our employees for their continued hard work, dedication and commitment and operating our systems safely, reliably and environmentally, responsibly every day. Operator, we are now ready for your questions.
Terry Spencer: Shneur, I will – let me make a couple of comments and then if the Kevin has got some of that he can follow-up. We do have some more opportunity in terms of – in terms of taking advantage of the headroom that we have in our businesses. That will kind of come and go and we will kind of work those opportunities dependent upon what’s out there in terms of the G&P landscape. So that will be a bit of a moving target, but we think there is more opportunity to do that. But I think just fundamentally speaking we are going to see more capital spend going forward than we have seen from our traditional run rates over the last couple of years, just based upon the fundamentals that we are seeing the strong rig counts that we are seeing right underneath our noses. So I do expect that run rate to increase as we continue to develop those projects and those projects that hit the full menu of services that we provide NGLs, G&P, fractionation and what have you, so as those come together and materialize, we will adjust our backlog of unannounced growth projects appropriately and certainly we will provide you more color as we move forward. Okay, Kevin anything that you would add there.
Terry Spencer: Yes. I will start from a cost standpoint, no, there was no relationship between the cost increase and in the capacity on the pipeline that was purely we had timing impact of some maintenance and expense projects that occurred in the second quarter. As we think about the Bakken capacity, we still have some headroom. We have said it will run nameplate. Clearly, we are having conversations with a variety of our customers both in the not just in the Bakken, but also the powder and that in the DJ about additional capacity. So, we were working through what that expansion might look like the timing of such.
Terry Spencer: That will be part our two that we will file here today, so yes we didn’t put it in the earnings release, but it will be in the 10-Q.
Terry Spencer: Is was really all the above, we haven’t – we just had an attractive opportunity presented and we work with our counterparty and the combination of timing and we were able to get this capacity in place sooner than we would have built. We would have been able to build an existing train and obviously economics factored in. We wouldn’t have done it if it wasn’t attractive to us and our customers.
Terry Spencer: Craig, now we don’t see it reducing. We see it go in the other direction just given the fundamentals that we are seeing under our footprint today.
Terry Spencer: Well, Ethan as far as aggressiveness on them M&A nothing has really changed in terms of our view. From an M&A perspective we are always interested in strategic opportunities, certainly the challenge associated with those as actionability as you are well aware. But our strategy remains heavily organically focused and certainly where are we building off this big asset footprint that we have, the incremental returns or the incremental investments that we are making and the returns that we are seeing are very attractive. And we will stay focused on taking care of our customer needs, building off of this existing footprint. And then from time-to-time, acquisition opportunities if they present themselves and they fit with this with this NGL centric kind of strategy that we have certainly we will pursue those. But that’s kind of help things…
Terry Spencer: Now, we have – in large part we have captured a good chunk of that low hanging fruit. I mean we still estimate we may have 60 million to 70 million cubic feet a day flaring behind our system. But again that’s as our volumes have grown we have lowered, at the same time we have lowered that flared gas. So there is always going to be some level of flaring. We might estimate 30 million to 40 million a day that’s just going to be ongoing. So there may be another 20 million that we are continuing to pursue that you would kind of call low hanging fruit. But for the most part our operations team has done a fantastic job and relative to the rest of the basin our flaring is well below the statewide averages.
Terry Spencer: Well, yes from the standpoint of the industry in total is delivered and specifically yes. So yes, from the standpoint that industry stepped up and has met the flaring targets and is – and it takes it extremely seriously. And as we worked with our customers to drive the flaring down, yes it is it is limited and eased the pressure.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Shneur, this is Kevin, I will take the G&P question first. No, I don’t know that we believe there is conservatism built into our volume guidance for that we provided. One thing when we think about the Williston, to me look you do the math, we are showing that we are going to need to grow in Q3 and Q4 to meet the midpoint of the processed volume guidance. The other dynamic going on there especially what the Williston is winter. So we have to – we learned from January, last January and February that we do have a little bit of winter weather factor built into that guidance as well. As we look from an NGL repeat – could you repeat the question on NGL side again.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. The downward revision, small revision to our volumes in the EBITDA on the NGL segment was related to timing. We clearly, don’t see that as a change in our point of view on the activity levels. It literally was just as that the specific timing the plants came online and how the volumes then are ramping. So yes, it would be, we don’t necessarily see our exit rates changing, it was more a factor of when they came online and how that played into the full year average.
Kevin Burdick: Hi, Eric. This is Kevin. Yes, three is a variety of things I think that are going on with that Delta. Sorry we had some weird feedback here. First I would say yes when we announced Knox it was a completely different business environment at that point. I mean it was the heyday of the growth and so that drove costs for materials and services were higher. The second thing is the rationale for the Knox location was at that point in time the SCOOP was really the hot play and that’s where the majority of the activity was and Knox is geographically right in the heart of the SCOOP. And then – so as the drilling activity shifted a little bit to the north and the STACK became really a prolific play, we started taking a look and that’s where our volumes were going to show up and therefore being able to leverage the facility – existing facilities at the Canadian Valley site became the appropriate place to put that next tranche of capacity we are bringing online. That also had an indirect effect of the gas coming on in the STACK where we had a significant amount of infrastructure already in place, so that also drove down the field infrastructure necessary for the plant as well. So, a combination of all those factors we still have is the stack matures, we still have the ability we could put another train at that same facility. If the SCOOP continues to evolve that wouldn’t preclude us from putting another plant down at the Knox site that we have referred to previously.
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin. Yes, on West Texas, we are still in the process. From the rate case standpoint, the ALJ has the information and we are awaiting on that and we continue to expect we will have resolution on that by the end of the year and are confident in our case.
Kevin Burdick: Hey, Christine, it’s Kevin. Yes, when we look at the STACK in general, obviously the production growth we have seen and you just back up away from our specific G&P presence and you look at what the producers are doing in the region, it’s been pretty staggering with some of the results they have reported here over the last several months. So, most of the – the vast majority of the capacity needed is going to be to serve existing acreage dedications that we have and under long-term contracts. We have added a few small additional contracts here and there. But the primary expansion and the capacity is needed to serve those existing just more growth on those existing contracts. And yes we do as I mentioned earlier we have the ability to put at least one more train and potentially two at the Canadian Valley facility as the STACK continues to grow. And again when you are looking it over hundred rigs in the STACK and SCOOP combined, clearly as we are talking and in Sheridan’s business and the NGL side talking to a variety of processors and producers an expansion of our – additional expansions needed to our book or are not out of the question.
Kevin Burdick: No Craig, this is Kevin. No, it’s nothing we – yes, it is seasonal. So from the standpoint of what we expect and in fact when we – if you look at last year as we were explaining our second quarter, we had similar seasonal impacts. This is volume shipped on our north system that are seasonal in nature and so that’s what’s driving that aspect. The other – the cost side is what I referenced earlier it was just a timing. Typically as we come out of winner, we end up having a higher level of maintenance and expense project activity and that’s what drove that increase sequential quarter-to-quarter from a cost perspective.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. The volumes that we are talking about, the volume growth isn’t necessarily on the distribution system. Some of the earnings is shown up in the exchange services side of the business. So the volume specifically in the margin on the transportation side is related to that seasonal North system.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Chris, this is Kevin. We clearly see growth in both our regions in the Williston and in the Mid-Continent of STACK and SCOOP primarily. As we move forward, so yes the fee rate will move around just literally quarter-to-quarter as that volume mix changes between a little bit higher fee rates in the Williston versus the Mid-Continent, so as the volume growth kind of shifts from one to the other that that fee rate will move around. We still feel good about $0.85-ish through the rest of this year or for the full year. How that moves around will just depend literally on the timing of individual well completions and how the volumes grow sequential quarter-to-quarter.
Kevin Burdick: No, part of the reason for the pretty significant step up from Q1 to Q2 was because we had the severe weather impact to the Williston volumes in Q1, so that as those volumes grew substantially relatively – comparatively that’s what drove up the fee rate. But going forward no, we shouldn’t see step change functions in that fee rate.
Kevin Burdick: It really hasn’t, I mean we are certainly from a business perspective and as we think about our growth strategies, they are still spot on with where we have been in the past. I will tell you that we are all – we have always been in a prospecting mode in terms of M&A regardless of our structure. And we are still there, but they got to certainly make sense, got to make a lot of sense for us.
Sheridan Swords: The West Texas pipeline is a regulated pipeline and we can’t – as an operator of that pipeline divulge shipper – specific shipper information. We can only give generalities about what it is. That’s why I say nobody is greater than 25%. I can’t tell you specifically what that one customer has.
Sheridan Swords: Chris really this is Sheridan, year-on-year most of that or all of that delta that’s down decrease was due to our marketing activity. And really it was due to timing on our inventory that we have sold out in fourth quarter, third and fourth quarter that we have seen prices drop in the second quarter that we will realize that back in the fourth quarter, third and fourth quarter when those sales come on. So it’s all in marketing it was not in optimization.
Sheridan Swords: Actually last year we had the opposite effect, where we had inventory and prices rose last year and that’s in the second quarter. So we kind of got a little bit of two different things going on with our inventory, but the cells are out there in the fourth – third and fourth quarter work what will realize higher third and fourth quarter on the marketing for the decrease in the second quarter.
Sheridan Swords: Whether the volumes got spread out over the whole system, but I would say most of that we were planning on cracking.
