Terry Spencer: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK. Joining me on today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs; and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President Natural Gas Liquids; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President Natural Gas. On today's call, we will discuss ONEOK's fourth quarter and full year financial and operational performance, our 2019 financial guidance and 2020 outlook and provide an update on our more than $6 billion capital growth program. 2018 was an impressive year for ONEOK both operationally and financially as volumes across our assets and our earnings posted significant increases. In our first full year of operation following the acquisition of ONEOK Partners, we announced more than $5.5 billion of new capital growth projects, experienced NGL and natural gas volume growth across our operations and strengthened our already solid investment grade balance sheet. Our long track record of earnings growth continues. ONEOK's operating income has increased nearly $1 billion over the last five years, while adjusted EBITDA has also doubled over that five-year period and has increased 50% since 2015. 2018 was a year of growth and new project announcements and 2019 will be a year where we rely on our ability to execute and position our business for continued earnings growth into 2020 and I'm confident that we will. Over the next 12 to 24 months, our focus will be set on completing our projects on time and on budget, on protecting the safety of the hundreds of employees and contractors we have working on these assets and on the safe and reliable operation of our existing assets. We continued to evaluate additional opportunistic projects that address customer needs and the increasing demand for NGLs and natural gas in the U.S. and abroad. One of these projects, which has received a lot of attention, is a potential NGL export facility. What I can say is that we're closer to a deal now than we've ever been, but there are a number of details that still need to be worked out before we announce anything further. We're optimistic about where we are in the process and believe this facility would be a great fee-driven addition to our already predominantly fee-based business model. Along with announcing 2019 guidance yesterday, we also provided an outlook for 2020 to help bridge the gap between what will be a heavy-billed year in 2019 and a large step up in volumes and earnings expectations in 2010. We expect a greater than 20% increase in adjusted EBITDA in 2020 compared with 2019 expectations. More than $4.4 billion of capital growth projects expected to be completed in 2019 and in the first quarter of 2020, will provide a foundation for significant earnings growth in 2020 and beyond. We acknowledge that we have disclosed a fairly wide range for 2019 capital expenditures with our guidance based upon a $3.1 billion midpoint. Given the volatility in commodity prices we experienced around year-end, our CapEx range demonstrates that we have the flexibility to make adjustments based on increases or decreases in producer activity. As the year progresses, we will likely tighten the range as appropriate. Walt will provide more detail in a moment. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Walt.
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Kevin. Good color on 2018 operations and drivers in 2019. As we sit today, ONEOK is in a great position with an extensive and integrated system of assets in some of the country's most productive basin. I truly believe that one of the reasons we've been successful over the years is, because of our focus, meaning our focus on doing what we do well and doing what is best for our customers, investors and for ONEOK in the long term. We have a large growth program in progress right now, but we're not growing just to grow. Getting bigger isn't the point. We're focused on our customers and we're growing to meet their needs. We're focused on our investors and investing in attractive return projects. We're focused on our balance sheet and growing our strong asset positions and we remain focused on growing the right way, by being mindful of the environment and the safety of our employees, contractors and local communities. The hard work of our 2,700 employees and the support of our investors have enabled us to continue to grow our operations in a way that meets the needs of our customers, stakeholders and investors. A big thank you to all of you for a successful 2018. Operator, we're now ready for questions.
Terry Spencer: No, you should not. What we've done is we've just reminded you of the process that we've always used for making a determination on what we pay each quarter in terms of the dividend. The dividend growth guidance is still out there. We haven't changed it, but we're just reminding you that given all the discussions that are out there in the marketplace today about this topic, we continue to employ the same process that we used each and every quarter. And our board, if they decide to make a change, given all the facts and circumstances that we face today, then we'll let you know. Right now, yeah, we think that the process that we use is still intact and still in place and that guidance is still out there.
Terry Spencer: No. Jeremy I think the key there is as with any year, a lot of will come down to just the actual volumes that are flowing and that'll be predicated based on producer activity. This year is kind of interesting and that especially in the Bakken you look at from a gathering and processing perspective with the flared gas backlog that provides us support if you will for that volume outlook in the Williston Basin. But at the same time we're bumping up against some capacity in both the G&P segment and the NGL segment. So clearly spreads could have an impact as we move through the year that could move you up or down a little bit. But by and large we feel good about the midpoint of that guidance range, given the volumes that we have flowing today, the line of sight we've got to growth coming out of the Permian on our West Texas expansion growth coming out of the Mid-Continent on the Sterling III expansion and then just a higher month-to-month volumes coming out of the Bakken.
Terry Spencer: That's correct. All of our projects that we've announced are on schedule and on budget right now. So it's purely a timing -- the timing that we're talking about.
Terry Spencer: Well, you get a long-term and maybe it would be. But if you look over the next two years or three years, we feel comfortable and as we talk to our customers that both crude and residue takeaway, there will be enough there to provide pretty significant growth over the next few years. And so I don't know that I would tie our next plant or additional capacity, we may need in the Bakken over the next two years or three years to a crude oil solution. I mean, you've got a couple open seasons out there that are being looked at. You've got some other expansion opportunities that I know people are floating around. So again right now our producers feel pretty good about their crude takeaway, and then you've always got crude by rail that can get you to the coast as they bridge, if you will to get to a pipe if they need it.
Terry Spencer: That's just a -- there's several items in those numbers that will span just from very low-cost expansions and some different equipment that we could put in some different controls, we could put in that could squeak out at three or four different facilities an extra 5,000 or 6,000 barrels a day.
Terry Spencer: They'll range. Some of them may happen very quickly others may take a few months if we've got to order some vessels or equipment that might have a longer lead time to them.
Terry Spencer: Well, certainly it's significantly more competitive than our other areas. However, we've been pretty effective competitor. When we linked the West Texas system with our infrastructure in the Gulf Coast and basically brought it into the ONEOK's system proper, it changed the game for us, and we're seeing it in the volume performance particularly in the Permian. So the exports are a natural progression for us in the value chain. And it's not something that we absolutely have to have, but we certainly believe that it's a strategic and important component for us that I think will do a great job as, if and when we get a project put together. It certainly enhances our ability to market internationally for obvious reasons. I will now tell you that we market internationally today even though we don't operate a dock. But I think if you have a dock or an export terminal, it will certainly substantiate us as a true international player year. So, all that fits together well. And on top of that it's a business that's a fee-based component. So it fits well contractually as well and so there you go.
Terry Spencer: If you think about how we're approaching the project and I'll let Sheridan make a comment after me. But if you think about how we're approaching it which is primarily with a joint venture partner that there will be the export terminal itself will have some have partial will have partial ownership in that but then also there's infrastructure that has to be built around the terminal interconnection to storage facilities, connections to markets and connections to our system proper. You're talking about a cost net to ONEOK roughly in the $0.5 billion range. So from an order of magnitude of capital that's what we're talking about.
Walter Hulse: Yes, that's right Michael. But I think what I'd point out is that we're obviously entering the year at a very attractive spot to 3.75 times on a run rate basis. So, as we move through the year and CapEx as we get to the back-end of the year in the fourth quarter, leverage will peak up a little bit just as we're bringing those assets online and starting the cash flow in the fourth quarter and into the first quarter of 2020.
Walter Hulse: No. If we hit the high-end of the range we'll have seen a significant increase in producer activity and be bringing on these assets with very significant cash flow when they come online. So, we're still -- we're focused on the midpoint of our range, but we want to demonstrate that we have the flexibility to flex that depending on producer activity.
Walter Hulse: Yes what I would tell you is that our board's practice has been to evaluate all of those options on a quarterly basis as we move forward here. And we just wanted to acknowledge to the marketplace that we are hearing feedback from folks and that is being translated into the discussions with the board. And just be another factor that they factor in but they have always considered whether alternatives to dividend growth or other ways to give back capital to the shareholders and I'll continue to look at those opportunities going forward. And at some point in the future they may make some sense.
Walter Hulse: Yes the CapEx is entirely timing. I mean nothing has changed whatsoever in our view of the scope of these projects. So, we have -- we're on budget and on time so as Kevin mentioned. So, it's just a function of timing and timing is through kind of how we factor through 2019 and 2020 as well. From the working capital standpoint, you've got significantly lower commodity prices at year end 2018 about 25% lower than they were in 2017 which is it gets reflected in both your accounts receivable and your account payable. And we had about $50 million less in inventory at the end of the year. So, nothing other than that that's really significant.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. That's spot on. I think one of the ways to think about it is with these two -- primarily the two big pipes Arbuckle II and Elk Creek, we've more than doubled the back bundle if you will of our NGL system from North Dakota to the Gulf Coast. And so as we move forward with the operating leverage we have on those pipes to continue to expand it through low-cost pump stations that provides us the opportunity. So really future capital needs are things like maybe another processing plant in the Bakken and another fractionator in the Gulf Coast, which are in much smaller chunks than the large multi-billion-dollar projects that we've got underway right now. So I do think you're going to see that range down over time, but as Terry suggested, we'll continue to look for opportunities to generate nice returns on other projects as well.
Kevin Burdick: I think your question Jean Ann was do those plants have the option to switch? And what I would tell you is, as I said in my statement is that, all the plants we've contracted here lately are in 10 years to 15 years. So our contract that the dedication those plants have to the ONEOK System or for many years to come. So those plants are already dedicated to us and will not come on.
Kevin Burdick: We have not hedged any of the $0.10 around the Conway to Belvieu spread. It's very -- it's difficult to get forward numbers on Conway and a lot those products. At times we will forward sell a little bit where we store one month's product and ship it in the following month a little bit of it, but it is very difficult to hedge the north-south on a long-term basis. So you just don't have the liquidity.
