Walter Hulse: Thank you, Pierce. ONEOK's third quarter 2022 net income totaled $432 million or $0.96 per share, a 10% increase compared with the third quarter of 2021 and a 4% increase when compared with the second quarter. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA was $902 million, a 4% year-over-year increase and an increase from the second quarter.  Higher results benefited from increased Rocky Mountain region NGL and natural gas volumes, higher realized commodity prices, net of hedging and higher average fee rates. Additionally, we had lower interest expense due to our lower debt balances and increased capitalized interest.  Third quarter 2022 results reflected our $5 million property insurance deductible related to the Medford incident and approximately $30 million of losses related to the 45-day business interruption waiting period under the terms of our insurance policy.  We received notice in September that our Medford property insurers agreed to pay $100 million unallocated first installment of insurance proceeds. And as of today, we received $45 million of that amount and expect to receive the remaining amount before year-end. We've applied this cash receipts to our outstanding insurance receivables.  After the waiting period ended, we incurred costs subsequent to the 45-day business interruption waiting period of $21.7 million, primarily related to third quarter -- I'm sorry, to third-party fractionation agreements and recorded a partial impairment charge of $6.7 million, representing the value of associated with certain Medford facility property based on the limited assessments completed to date. There is no income statement impacts of these incurred business interruption costs or impairment charges as they are fully offset by insurance receivables.  We continue sharing information with our insurance carriers to refine ongoing business interruption insurance coverage and to determine the ultimate path to replacement of this temporary loss of fractionation capacity. We will provide additional updates as we move forward in this process when material information is available.  And lastly, for the third quarter, we ended with higher NGL inventory levels that have since been sold forward, and we will realize $17 million earnings benefit from those sales in the fourth quarter and first quarter of 2023. As of September 30, our net debt-to-EBITDA on an annualized run rate basis was 3.8x, and we continue to view 3.5x or lower as our long-term aspirational goal. We currently have no long-term debt maturities until September of 2023 and we have no material exposure to floating interest rates through our current outstanding long-term debt.  Yesterday, we affirmed our 2022 guidance midpoints of $1.69 billion for net income and $3.62 billion for adjusted EBITDA. We now expect total capital expenditures of $1.2 billion, driven by our acceleration of spending on the MB-5 fractionator and smaller scale expansion projects that were not previously planned for '22 across our 3 business segments that will contribute to growth in 2023.  Key drivers for our 2023 outlook of a more than 10% increase compared with our 2022 midpoints to exceed $4 billion in adjusted EBITDA include continued strength in fee-based earnings and rates, stable to growing producer activity providing higher natural gas and natural gas liquids volumes in our system and expected higher realized commodity prices due to higher hedges. These tailwinds into 2023 from our base business, additional insurance recoveries related to Medford, and our strong financial position provide us confidence in our double-digit earnings growth outlook for next year.  I'll now turn the call over to Kevin for a commercial update.
Walter Hulse: Well, as we said on the last call, the coverage that we have is that we are entitled to receive coverage so that we get return to what we would have made, but for this event. So it's system-wide. So if that does impact other parts of the business like optimization and marketing, that gets factored into our BI calculation.  The money that we received in September, [indiscernible] that we booked in September, I wouldn't necessarily look at as a run rate because there's still are some moving parts that we're working with the insurance companies to refine how we look at BI going forward. Those costs were predominantly the third-party frac costs.  And as we work with them and refine how much optimization in the market, we do expect to receive some benefit from that going forward. In 2023, we expect BI coverage to continue. And at that point, be on a pretty regular month-to-month catch up so that we're hoping that you really don't see any real variation from the BI insurance going forward.
Walter Hulse: We have specific coverage that would cover the replacement or the repair of the facility to get it back to the point where we would achieve the 210,000 barrels of capacity that we currently have. So we have property coverage to put us back in the same position that we were before. And then -- but we do have the flexibility with those dollars that it would cost to do that to build it wherever we want to do that, and that's what we're still considering at this point.  Going forward, we would expect to likely not get as much -- not get unallocated money. This was -- it should be allocated out for the BI on a monthly basis once we get into kind of a monthly rhythm. And the property will be what it is as we spend the money for the repair or replacement of the facility.
Walter Hulse: No. MB-5 is its own stand-alone project that we built because we needed it. And -- we -- obviously, it will help us a little bit as it comes on and we are going to be in our natural ramp-up phase. But that is part of our capital and the proceeds that we received for the repair or replacement of the Medford facility will be discrete, and it will cover those costs.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Walt and Kevin. As we enter the last couple of months of 2022 and look forward to the next year, I'm proud of our employees and want to thank them for their hard work and contributions who continue to focus on operating safely, sustainably and environmentally responsible and are key to our success as a midstream operator.  How we operate is important, but also how we engage with our employees, communities and other stakeholders is equally as important. Also important for ONEOK is to remain focused on meeting the growing energy demand for today even as it looks forward to helping drive the energy transformation needs for the future.  We also recently announced that ONEOK joined with 2 other large publicly traded companies based in Oklahoma and a venture capital firm to fund an effort to transform Oklahoma into a hub of energy technology start-ups and redefine a sector that has shaped the region's economy for more than a century.  We believe this partnership aligns to our long-term business strategy, which includes potential low-carbon investments that contribute to low -- long-term growth and business diversification. ONEOK has been building the right teams and resources to better participate in the innovative practices and technologies that it sees now and those that may play a role in the future.  Before I turn the call over for Q&A, I wanted to highlight an important ESG item we mentioned in our earnings release. ONEOK's MSCI ESG rating was recently reviewed and updated by MSCI to AAA from AA, and we maintained our industry leader status. As I previously said, our ESG efforts are a source of pride for ONEOK, and we are committed to continuing to make progress in these important areas.  With that, operator, we're now ready for questions.
Pierce Norton: So Brian, this is Pierce. With our positive earnings growth indications for 2023, our payout ratio and our debt-to-EBITDA metrics are indicating that we are going to have more flexibility to execute on one or more of the capital allocation levers that are going to be available to us to create that value for our shareholders as we progress through 2023. So that's the way I'd answer your question there.
Pierce Norton: We do. We do expect to get insurance proceeds, but a lot of that $45 million as we -- part of that is in the 45-day waiting period, which we wouldn't get that because that's on us. But going forward, we expect to get any losses in marketing and optimization that we would have received if Medford had been up, we expect insurance to cover that.
Kevin Burdick: Brian, this is Kevin. I'll start and then Sheridan can add in. Think about the overall 2023 growth outlook, we expect our volumes are going to be up, both NGL and Gathering and Processing in all of our basins with the tailwinds, with the existing rigs we're seeing today as those carry over into '23. So volume growth is going to be the primary driver. You've also got -- you're going to have a full year of the contract fee escalations. So we'll see a full year of that.  You've got a step-up in our hedging. If you look at the hedge prices we have in '23 compared to '22, that's going to be a significant step up there. The ethane recovery assumptions are pretty similar to what we had going into '22. As we mentioned, full recovery we expect out of Permian, partial in the Mid-Continent, and we'll continue to incentivize ethane out of the Bakken, where appropriate.
Kevin Burdick: Yes, Michael, it's Kevin. For your first question, we estimate there's still probably 300 million to 400 million a day of gas coming from Canada. That will continue to get displaced from Bakken as Bakken grows. So you've got some opportunities there. And also, we're in active discussions with multiple parties on various residue takeaway and demand projects, actually some demand projects in Basin. We have secured about 100 million a day of takeaway solution on that's going out south that doesn't go to Northern Border. So that's going to help. So we don't think there's one single solution that provides -- that's going to provide that, but we do believe we'll be able to find and there will be the necessary capacity out of Basin as we move forward.
Kevin Burdick: Jean Ann, this is Kevin. Yes, as you reject more ethane, that will raise the Btu content on Northern Border. If you were back to about where we were pre-COVID and that number was north of 1,100, right now, there is not a spec on the pipe. So the Northern Border, it's our understand they'll watch it. They've got some levers to pull if it gets too high and downstream markets start to have concerns.  They continue to work with shippers and all the relevant stakeholders to potentially go back to FERC for a spec, but we don't have an exact timing on that. So we'll watch it. If it gets to the point where it gets -- the Btu level gets too high and downstream markets start raising issues, then we always have the option to recover ethane to lower it back. And if we do that, if it's required at that point, then that would require -- I mean, that would be at full rates, not at an incentivized rate.
Kevin Burdick: Yes, Steve, it's Kevin. Yes, MB-5 was a significant mover in moving some of that capital forward into '22. We also had a compressor station up north in the Bakken that we moved forward with that will add to our growth in '23. We referenced the Viking compression project in the -- in our opening remarks. And then we just had a handful of smaller routine growth-type projects that typically have extremely strong multiple -- strong earnings power from them, and that will contribute in '23 as well. So just a combination of those factors are what led into the increase in '22.  You're thinking about '23 correctly. If -- once we complete MB-5 and Demicks Lake III, that would lead you probably to a little step down in capital barring other projects that we continue to work on that could prove. So that's the unknown at this point is we're constantly working on new projects that -- and as they reach FID, we'll announce them. But absent those, then yes, you would expect CapEx to maybe come down a little bit in '23.
Kevin Burdick: Theresa, this is Kevin. And we're not -- again, we're not going to get into the detailed guidance specifics that we'll release probably sometime next -- early next year. But I would tell you, as we think about price decks and activity levels, there's probably more rig. If you just look at today, there's more activity in the basins that we're looking at, that we're talking about than we have in that outlook. So the activity levels we're seeing today are plenty strong to help us achieve that exceedings of $4 billion.
Kevin Burdick: Michael, we're not going to provide kind of numbers in Q4. We gave you the number for September. That was a -- that's a really good run rate if you think about it as we move through. We get into the fourth quarter and you start bringing weather into play. So that's why we backed off that.
Sheridan Swords: The one thing I would add on that is when we look at '23 as we looked in '22, we have limited incentivized ethane coming out of the Bakken factored in. We really see that as an opportunistic -- opportunity going forward.
Sheridan Swords: No. I mean, there will be a little bit of an impact on that if we build down in Mont Belvieu if you put down in there. But today, or when Medford was up, most of our liquids was transported down Sterling anyway to the Mont Belvieu market. So we think overall, the market dynamics are not going to be impacted that much, whether we build it at Medford or at Mont Belvieu.
Sheridan Swords: Yes. We look at the gas basis as really what kind of drives us on which basin we're going to incentivize. So yes, AECO pricing versus what's going on in the Mid-Continent will drive what's going -- where we incentivize ethane coming out of there. We did see a lot of benefit in the third quarter coming out of the Rockies due to the basis and what we could secure gas prices for and so on for ethane. So that we see that as a great opportunistic 2 basins that we can incentivize at times and kind of play that gas base between the 2. So we think that's a big advantage to our system.
Sheridan Swords: Theresa, this is Sheridan. When you think about that margin which is driving that increased step up, a lot of it was on escalation is where it came from. Some on the contract mix being on. We got volume on higher contracts or more margin contracts and on others as we go forward. The big thing that's going to drive as we get into '23, [indiscernible] that trajectory is what the inflationary escalators are going to be, and we'll have to see how inflation comes out and how the -- we go against CPI and most of the time on that, how CPI reacts in '23 versus '22 is going to be a big driver on where we land on that and going forward. So it's really going to be based on inflation, would be the biggest piece.
Sheridan Swords: Michael, this is Sheridan. Yes, Medford did have an impact on those numbers, and that's factored in there. And that 45-day waiting period, we did take some hits in optimization and marketing there. And as you mentioned, the other things we have is spreads were a little bit narrowed during that time. We had forward sales due to Medford, that we push forward sales forward, that we will receive some of that money or $17 million of that money in the first quarter and second quarter -- I'm sorry, fourth quarter and first quarter as we go forward here, we will get that $17 million back. So that -- those are the 3 main factors as you see in that drop in optimization and marketing.
