Robert Martinovich: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. ONEOK’s first quarter net income was $122.9 million compared with $130.9 million for the same period last year, due mostly to losses in the Energy Services segment as a result of the continued decline in natural gas prices. This quarter included a non-recurring, non-cash $10.3 million or $8.5 million after-tax goodwill impairment charge that reduced Energy Services’ goodwill balance to zero, and a required $29.9 million non-cash reclassification of deferred losses to earnings on certain financial contracts related to our Storage business. This loss is similar to an LCM, or lower of cost or market charge on inventory that you may be familiar with. However, this charge relates to losses on purchase hedge contracts rather than on physical inventory. We still have gains that will be recognized in earnings during the 2012, 2013 heating season. In February 2012, we sold ONEOK Energy Marketing Company, a natural gas retail marketing business, to Constellation Energy Group. We received net proceeds of approximately $32 million and recognized an after-tax gain on the sale of approximately $13.3 million. During the quarter, ONEOK invested approximately $460 million to acquire an additional 8 million common units from ONEOK Partners in a private placement transaction. ONEOK also contributed approximately $19 million to maintain its 2% general partner interest, demonstrating our bullish view on ONEOK Partners’ future growth. ONEOK’s first quarter 2012 stand-alone cash flow, before changes in working capital, exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by $69.2 million. As the general partner and significant limited partner owner, ONEOK will receive $107 million in distributions from ONEOK Partners for the first quarter, a 32% increase from the same period last year. We also reaffirmed our 2012 guidance with net income expected to be in the range of $360 million to $410 million. The continued strong performance at ONEOK Partners, especially from its natural gas liquids business, should offset the lower results from Energy Services. We expect ONEOK’s net income to grow approximately 18% annually from our 2012 guidance through 2014, as incremental earnings from the growth at ONEOK Partners flow to ONEOK. In April, we declared a dividend of $0.61 per share, unchanged from the previous quarter. Subject to board approval, we expect to increase the dividend $0.05 per share in July. We also expect the dividend to grow by approximately 40% between 2012 and 2014, following an 18% increase from 2011. ONEOK’s liquidity position is good. At the end of the first quarter, on a stand-alone basis, we had $419.8 million of commercial paper outstanding, $34.5 million of cash and cash equivalents, $188.5 million of natural gas in storage, $778.2 million available under our $1.2 billion credit facility, and our total debt-to-capitalization ratio was 49%. ONEOK’s significant cash flow and outstanding liquidity position continue to give us incredible financial flexibility. Since ONEOK Partners announced the Bakken Crude Express Pipeline, we’ve been asked if this project changes our uses or preferences of ONEOK’s free cash flow. The short answer is no. ONEOK remains committed to providing sustainable value to our shareholders and solidifying our position as an attractive investment, whether it’s by increasing our dividend, repurchasing ONEOK stock and/or purchasing additional units of ONEOK Partners. We have used all of these options, and don’t view them as mutually exclusive, and are fortunate to have the financial capability to do one or more under favorable conditions. Now, Pierce will update you on ONEOK’s operating performance.
Robert Martinovich: Thanks, John. In the first quarter, ONEOK Partners’ net income increased 58% compared with the first quarter of 2011. ONEOK Partners reported net income of $238.8 million or $0.91 per unit compared with last year’s first quarter net income of $150.9 million or $0.58 per unit. Distributable cash flow increased 51% compared with the first quarter last year, resulting in a coverage ratio of 1.74 times. The higher earnings and resulting higher coverage ratio were primarily due to strong NGL optimization margins, increased NGL volumes transported and fractionated and increased natural gas gathering and processing volumes from the growth in the Williston Basin, including the startup of the Garden Creek plant in late December. In 2008, when commodity prices were at record levels, we used the incremental cash flow to finance a portion of our $2 billion capital investment program that was completed in 2009, and we plan to use a portion of the incremental cash flow likewise in 2012 to help fund our more than $5 billion capital growth program, reducing our debt and equity financing needs. At the same time, we are increasing distributions to our unitholders in a meaningful way. We increased the distribution $0.025 per unit for the first quarter, and subject to board approval, expect to increase it another $0.025 per unit per quarter in 2012. We still expect to increase our distribution by an average of 15% to 20% annually in 2013 and 2014. In March, we completed a public offering of 8 million common units and a private placement with ONEOK of 8 million common units, which generated total proceeds of approximately $920 million, providing significant capacity for our capital expenditures program. We also repaid $350 million of senior notes at maturity in April. With the strong performance of the NGL segment expected to continue through 2012, we’ve reaffirmed and expect to be at the high end of the partnership’s 2012 earnings guidance net income range of $810 million to $870 million and its distributable cash flow range of $925 million to $985 million. We expect ONEOK Partners’ EBITDA to grow approximately 20% annually from our 2012 guidance through 2014, as our growth projects go into service. We also reaffirmed our 2012 capital expenditure guidance of $2 billion, approximately $1.9 billion in growth capital and $109 million in maintenance capital. We continue to actively hedge to lock in margins on our expected equity volumes in the natural gas gathering and processing segment. Our 2012 natural gas hedges are 78%, while our 2012 NGL hedges are 72%. The news release also provides hedging information for 2013. At the end of the first quarter, the partnership had $746.7 million in cash and no commercial paper or other short-term borrowings, a debt-to-capitalization ratio of 46% and a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.6 times. Now, Pierce will review the partnership’s operating performance.
Robert Martinovich: Hey, Ted, this is Rob. I guess trying to think of that beyond what we’ve said on the comments, but again, we’re – ultimately we’re targeting our capital structure at 50/50. And so, the options kind of excluding acquisitions are dividends, share repurchases and (inaudible).
Robert Martinovich: So, bottom line is, I mean, those – we continue to think of those as in a mix. And depending on the time that the opportunity is in front of us, such as a share repurchase, such as the increased dividend, such as the equity offering we had earlier in the year and our projection of growth, we look at those and consider can we do it, can we do more than one. And ultimately, our financial flexibility has allowed us to do that. So I guess I don’t want to say there’s not a set target, but ultimately we’re driven by our capital structure targets and the opportunities that we have in front of us.
Robert Martinovich: No. We would go ahead and do that at our investor day in September when we lay out the full three-year financials.Becca Followill – US Capital Advisors: Okay. Thank you.
Robert Martinovich: Sure, Ross. I think much like we’ve maybe talked before, and maybe the best thing to do is using the earlier example. In our previous build-out in 2006 to the 2009 period, the balance sheet was probably flexed up to 54% at that time in 2009. But once the projects were completed, we were back down to our 50/50. And that’s really much the way that we think about it and also that we talk with our rating agencies about as far as our plans, and recently reviewed that with them on a go-forward basis. And so, there’s a slight amount of flex, but at the same point we certainly plan at the end of the build to be back at our 50/50 capitalization target, as well as our debt-to-EBITDA targets.
Robert Martinovich: Ross, this is Rob. I guess with regards to – a couple of things, how we look at the – our CapEx spend. One, yeah, that we are having a fair announcement, but as with the timing on that Bakken crude line, that’s going to be insignificant this year, really the bulk of that coming in 2014 from a spend standpoint. So as we place those capital investments on top of the – what we’ve already got, plus the Woodford Shale investment, we still come back to recognizing that the optimization margins are – that we’re currently realizing are not going to be sustainable, as we’ve said. And so we are using some of that cash flow to pre-fund our capital projects. We did have the equity project offering in March, a year ago in January we had $1.3 billion of debt. I think you all can figure out kind of what would be mixed in the tranche, but the key thing on that is the optimization margins and how we use that going on. And as we’ve said before, we typically do not – we don’t signal when we’re coming next to market and what tranche, but we’ve got this obviously planned out. And we feel good with regards to supporting Terry and Pierce’s business on the existing projects, plus, as you heard Pierce say today, the $2 billion of unannounced projects.
Robert Martinovich: When you mean to stretch, can you come back on that? I think I know what you want, but I just want to clarify that.
Robert Martinovich: Yeah, we took a hard look at that late last year. And certainly, it’s an inexact science, but at the end of the day, looking at peers, and we felt that, that 60% to 70% was good. What we needed to do, quite frankly, or maybe even, you would say, target more of that upper half of the range, that 65% to 70%, but what we needed to do was to execute on that. And that was certainly one of the driving factors for the increase in dividend that we came out with in January, upping from $0.04 that we had guided in September, to the $0.05. So, we’re trying to be mindful of that and get a little bit of history on that. The clarification that I would like to add, that I mentioned with regards, we’ve got slightly escalating commodity prices. But on the flip side on that, as we’ve talked about in these calls before, we’ve got our spreads going down as well between Mont Belvieu – or Conway and Mont Belvieu. So that’s, you’ve got a little bit of an offset to that as well when you look at the total commodity environment.
Pierce Norton: Thanks, Rob, and good morning. Let’s start with our Natural Gas Distribution segment. First quarter 2012 earnings were slightly lower because of higher depreciation expense primarily related to the installation of automated meter reading devices last year. The warmer weather reduced some of the commercial customer transportation demand that is not subject to weather normalization. But these decreases were partially offset by higher rates in Texas as a result of regulatory activity. Now, a brief regulatory update; Kansas Gas Service plans to file a rate case this month that will include rate design options, further reducing our volumetric sensitivity in this area. In March 2012, Oklahoma Natural Gas filed a performance-based rate change application seeking to increase base rates by $16.2 million, resetting our regulated return on equity to 10.25%, which is slightly below the current approved 10.5%. A hearing with the commission is set for the end of June. Now, a brief business overview of Energy Services. As we have said on previous earnings calls, we are aligning or right-sizing the transportation and storage capacity to serve our premium services customers, which means we are turning back or renegotiating transportation and storage rates. By 2015, approximately 90% of the storage capacity and more than 75% of the transport capacity will expire, providing an opportunity to either renew them at lower rates or cancel the leases. For example, we did not renew 35 million cubic feet per day of transportation capacity that expired in the first quarter and an additional 46 million cubic feet per day that expired on April 1. We do not plan to renew another 60 million cubic feet per day that will expire in the fourth quarter of this year. We began this year at just over 1.1 billion cubic feet per day of transportation capacity, and we’ll exit the year at around 0.97 billion cubic feet per day. As disclosed in our last analyst call, we still expect to reduce our targeted leased transportation capacity down to 0.8 billion cubic feet per day and our lease storage capacity to 60 billion cubic feet by 2015. John, that concludes my remarks for ONEOK.
Pierce Norton: John, this is Pierce. I’ll take that question. The short answer is yes. In what we’ve seen is, is that part of our optimization in the first quarter came about because we actually got the Arbuckle expansion into service sooner than we expected, and the laterals that feed to that are now being tied in. Long term, those contracts are in place. They are fixed fee, and as those new projects have now come in to feed Arbuckle, then those volumes will be fee-based volumes and will slowly diminish the amount of optimization opportunity that we have.
Pierce Norton: Well, I think I’d mentioned, Becca, in our comments that we have well over $2 billion of growth opportunities. That’s included of the entire mix. It’s natural gas pipeline, it’s natural gas liquids, it’s gathering, processing and the crude oil business. We don’t specifically talk about what those crude opportunities are out as a segment, but in total it’s above $2 billion.
Pierce Norton: I guess what I’d add to that, Bernie, is that we see maybe some spurs coming off to centrally-located collection points. We can also strategically place our pipeline in that area to connect up to the existing gathering systems, which actually adds capacity for those gatherers up there currently. So it’s a win-win for everyone.
Pierce Norton: Louis, that’s – you could either telescope or you could loop the line. And if you loop the line, and I kind of alluded to this a few minutes ago, is that you get the flexibility to kind of bifurcate those qualities of crude. So, you’ve got both of those options available to you.
Pierce Norton: Actually, it is. I mean, if you look at the numbers, when you go up into the 30 to 36-inch range, you’re in kind of a totally different element when it comes to cost. Because of the weight that you’re handling, it’s just a different construction method. So it’s significantly more costly when you get to 30, 36 as opposed to the 20, 24-inch range.
John Gibson: Thank you, Pierce. Now Rob will review ONEOK Partners’ financial performance. Then, Pierce will come back to review the partnership’s first quarter operating performance and growth projects, which I’m pleased to say, are on time, on budget and continue to attract additional supply commitments.
John Gibson: Thank you, Terry. Before we take your questions, I’d like to provide some additional context to our long-term growth forecast that Rob mentioned earlier. While growth in the Bakken and the Mid-Continent will create more commodity price exposure in our gathering and processing segment and our Mid-Continent NGL assets both current and future create opportunities to capture price differentials. Our projected earnings growth by 2014 is driven primarily by volume growth, not by higher projected commodity prices or wider differentials. If our assets or contracts allow us to capture upside, we will certainly do so, but it is not factored into our three year plan. As I’ve said before, we are not in the business to predict commodity prices or play the spread. We are in the business to provide value-added fee-based services to our producers, processors and other customers. In closing, I’d like to again thank our 4,800 employees who operate our assets safely, reliably and environmentally responsibly every day, creating the exceptional value for our investors and our customers. Our success as a company depends on their contributions, and our entire management team appreciates their efforts. Operator, we’re now ready to take your questions.
John Gibson: John, as I indicated at the beginning, the crude oil opportunity fits us very well, because we’re able to take advantage of the capabilities we already have in place, the assets we already have in place, the relationships we have in place. So building this particular crude oil pipeline makes sense for us as opposed to, let’s say, building a crude oil pipeline on the East Coast or West Coast. I think obviously what has followed for us on the NGL side may also have the potential to follow on the crude oil side, i.e., secondary or third-order effects where we can serve the market and be consistent with our vision. So, short answer is, yeah, I mean, it’s going to create more opportunities.
John Gibson: Ted, I would add that we may have it wrong, but we don’t perceive it’s prescriptive. And so we look at all these options and where the market is particular point in time and try to decide what’s the best thing to do.
John Gibson: Well, we – this is John. We are building that capability internally, plus we are using some industry experience that we have access to. But the plan is to build it internally.
John Gibson: Yeah, I can – I’ll make a very brief comment and then turn it over to Pierce. The Crude Oil Gathering business is entirely different than the Crude Oil Transportation business that we’re getting into. We do not feel necessarily we have the competitive advantage to get into gathering.
John Gibson: Well, I would say that it’s more than likely going to come on pretty strong, probably maybe not exactly at capacity, but very near there. And like Terry said, we’re looking at ship or pay type contracts. So everybody is aligned to get that pipeline as full as possible, as quick as possible.
John Gibson: I think the best way to look at this is, is we’ve done a lot of study on the right size for this. So we think the 200,000 really fits the growth profile. And so if you look at the various sizes of pipeline, you can actually add a second line very economically that works for both us and our shareholders as far as a risk profile, and it doesn’t disadvantage or increase the prices to our customers. So we would look at it more as a phased-in where you add multiple lines, and also gives you a lot of flexibility if you do that.
John Gibson: Okay. Well, thank you, everyone. This ends our conference call. Our quiet period for the second quarter starts when we close our books in early July and extends until earnings are released after the market closes on July 31, followed by our conference call at 11:00 a.m. Eastern, 10:00 a.m. Central on August 1. We’ll provide additional details on the conference call at a later date. Andrew Ziola and I will be available throughout the day to answer your follow-up questions. Thanks for joining us.
Terry Spencer: John, this is Terry. The only thing I would add to Pierce’s comments is that the contracting is going very well, and as you probably recall from our discussions in previous calls that we are – we’re contracting with these customers under these long-term contracts and giving those who need and desire that access to Belvieu, we’re contracting them at higher rates, okay? So those rates or bundled services will get them to Belvieu. And what will happen is, is we’re replacing that capacity use for optimization with this fee-based business. And that’s going very well.
Terry Spencer: I’m not sure I follow your question. The 5 to 7 times reflects a rate that we believe the market will bear, okay, just based upon our current assessment of the market and also relative to competitive alternatives. When you apply the volumes, and I’m not going to disclose to you what volumes we have in our economics, you come up with that return in that 5 to 7 times. Does that help you?Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Yes, it does. Thank you.
Terry Spencer: Yeah, as we – as we – this is Terry. As we talk to these petrochemical customers, particularly about their business as they come out of the turnarounds, we expect to be at record volumes with many of these customers. So, I mean, with that outlook, we’ll really see the opportunity for these spreads to go considerably higher for certain periods of time in the back half of the year. But of course, as we said and as Pierce indicated in the call, that $0.32 still appears to be a pretty good number.
Terry Spencer: Certainly, Yves, this is Terry, there is cost pressure. When I think about cost pressure, I put it in perspective of what we experienced back in that 2006 and 2009 timeframe when we were executing like Overland Pass and Arbuckle. The environment today is drastically different from that environment. We are seeing some cost escalation regionally, particularly as it relates to labor and materials as well, but not anything to the extent that we saw back in that timeframe. If you remember, Rex was under construction. Mid-Continent Express was under construction. Those are big inch pipelines and they were absorbing and taking up a lot of slack in the industry as it related to labor. So today, we’re in a lot better position. But we are seeing some pressure and that’s factored into our numbers.
Terry Spencer: Oh yeah. Yeah. And when I was talking to Ross, I’m sorry I wasn’t clear on that, but that’s exactly right. When I referenced that, 2006 to 2009 period, that’s what we would do and that’s what we have reviewed with the rating agencies. And so, again I think from our standpoint, obviously there’s got to be a point that you come back, and that’s what we clearly communicated and that’s our expectations to get back to that 50/50, as well as those debt-EBITDA targets that we’ve laid out for ourselves.
Terry Spencer: Sure, Louis. As you’re probably aware, that Niobrara and that Mississippian Lime activities has been really phenomenal. There’s absolutely no doubt that we’re going to have the opportunity to move crude out of those areas. That crude happens to be a sweet, low sulfur. It’s a little bit more sour, slightly more sour than Bakken crude, but still is going to fit very nicely within the design parameters of this pipeline and within our operating objectives. So – I mean, we really do believe that we’re going to have some supply from that area. However, it is possible that the Bakken absolutely satisfies all of the pipelines and fills all of the pipelines capacity and we may not necessarily have to move crude out of those areas.
