Derek S. Reiners: Thanks, Terry, and good morning. First quarter of 2014 net income attributable to ONEOK was approximately $94 million, or $0.45 per diluted share. Both the former natural gas distribution and energy services segments have been reclassified as discontinued operations for all periods presented. Income from continuing operations attributable to ONEOK was approximately $92 million, or $0.44 per diluted share, compared with first quarter of 2013 income from continuing operations of approximately $57 million, or $0.27 per diluted share. First quarter 2014 net income was affected by onetime items reflected in continuing operations and discontinued operations, related to the separation of ONE Gas and the wind-down of the energy services segments as follows: Income from continuing operations includes net onetime benefits of $4 million, or $0.02 per diluted share, which includes a net increase in deferred income tax expense of $26 million, or $0.13 per diluted share, associated primarily with a reduction in ONEOK's estimated effective state income tax rate; and an after-tax expense of $22 million, or $0.11 per diluted share, as a result of the early retirement of debt. Income from discontinued operations includes net onetime benefits of $2 million, or $0.01 per diluted share, which includes $48 million of operating income from the former natural gas distribution segment in January; $15 million operating loss from energy services segment; $22 million in costs associated with the ONE Gas separation; and $9 million in other expenses, primarily interest and income taxes. As a reminder, our 2014 guidance assumed a January 1, 2014 effective date for the separation of the natural gas distribution segment into ONE Gas versus the actual January 31 date. We received approximately $61 million of cash flow from that segment in January and funded ONE Gas with $60 million on January 31. So the impact of the later separation date on our guidance for cash flow available for dividends was insignificant. In the first quarter of 2014, ONEOK received $141 million in distributions from ONEOK Partners, an 8% increase over the first quarter of 2013. First quarter 2014 cash flow available for dividends was $211 million, providing 1.82x coverage. ONEOK increased its quarterly 2014 dividend, $0.16 per share to $0.56 per share, effective for the first quarter 2014, resulting in an annual -- an annualized cash dividend of $2.24 per share. During the first quarter, we deleveraged our balance sheet and reduced our credit facility to $300 million, supporting our pure-play general partner strategy. We used a one-time cash payment of approximately $1.13 billion received from ONE Gas in January to repay $600 million of commercial paper borrowings and repay early $552 million of senior notes. We do not anticipate any short-term borrowings going forward, and now have $1.1 billion of long-term debt, with the next scheduled maturity in 2022. And a clarification in our news release. A word was inadvertently dropped from the initial release in one paragraph regarding our 2014 dividend guidance. Our dividend declared in April of $0.56 per share represented a 40% increase, rather than a $0.40 increase. Now let's move on to ONEOK Partners. ONEOK Partners' first quarter net income was approximately $265 million, or $0.81 per unit, compared with $157 million, or $0.42 per unit in the first quarter of 2013. In the first quarter, distributable cash flow was $298 million, a 54% increase compared with the previous period, resulting in a coverage ratio of 1.28x for the quarter. We increased our first quarter 2014 distribution to $0.745 per unit, an increase of 4% from our first quarter 2013 distribution of $0.715 per unit. In the news release, we provided some updates on our hedges, as we continue to hedge commodity risk when appropriate. At the end of the first quarter, the Partnership had $115 million in cash and cash equivalents; $125 million of commercial paper outstanding and no borrowings outstanding on our credit facility; a long-term debt-to-capitalization ratio of 55%; and a debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 3.7x. During the quarter, we issued $57 million, or 1.1 million common units, through our at-the-market equity program, compared with 680,000 common units issued all of last year. We expect to continue to utilize this program to manage our equity issuances over time. We have ample liquidity to support the Partnership's ongoing capital growth program, including access to nearly $1.6 billion under our credit facility as of March 31. Terry, that concludes my remarks.
Derek S. Reiners: Sure, Ethan. That -- I think what we have guided there is a 15% to 25% cash tax rate. As we look at 2014, we haven't -- a net operating loss it would be working off. But we expect to pay cash taxes beginning in 2015. Of course, that's all subject to any legislation that may come down, particularly as it relates to bonus depreciation.
Derek S. Reiners: Sure. If bonus depreciation were enacted for 2014, say, then that would generate additional deductions for the unitholders. ONEOK, of course, being a large unit holder. And so that would provide those additional deductions, would push out further the cash taxes that we'd have to pay.
Derek S. Reiners: No, I really can't. We've provided that 15% to 25%. It's a fairly difficult number to get to, as you think about the timing of projects coming on and capital spend and that sort of thing. That -- all those things influence the depreciation deduction at the unitholders. So I think we'll stick with that 15% to 25%.
Derek S. Reiners: Yes, Ted. We'd sure like to be investment grade there. Of course, Moody's does have us there. S&P's got us a notch below. It's not critical to our strategy to be investment grade at OKE. But I think it'd be nice to have a differentiator for us to be there. Our leverage is going to be sub 2x, I think, as you look out.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Ethan, we do. And for us, it's still a bit early. We obviously have been listening to the enterprise's project updates, with respect to ethane exports. We've always been supportive of it. We've always believed that ethane exports in this industry will happen. The right time for us will be a function of our relationships with customers, developing international markets. But it's still a bit early for us. Certainly, it's something that we're -- that we consider, along with other export opportunities, particularly as it relates to propane and LPGs. But I guess, the short answer is yes.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, the flaring certainly creates a very high sense of urgency from our producers. And that in and of itself creates the opportunity. We are absolutely committed to reducing the flaring, building the infrastructure necessary to allow these producers to not only reduce their impact to the environment, but also enhance their sales revenues. So certainly, as the flaring continues in the Bakken, it is clearly creating opportunity for us. Ethan, let me just make one comment, going back to the ethane question, which, I think was a great question. With respect to ethane exports, our role does not necessarily have to be operating or managing export docks, okay? Our role could be on the upstream side, and most likely will be on the upstream side, providing that infrastructure -- transportation infrastructure, storage and fractionation infrastructure necessary to get that ethane to those facilities. So I just wanted to add that comment.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, first of all, the impact from weather, as it relates to the Natural Gas, Liquids business, is about 5% to 10%, roughly. The contract that we've referenced, the termination of the contract, we're not going to talk and provide any details. We typically don't, as it relates to our relationships with our -- contractual relationships with the customers. So I can't comment on that. But what I can tell you about that contract is that it was a sizable contract, and that it was one of our very thin margin arrangements. So it was, I would say, out of the market. So that was the reason why that contract was terminated. As far as the last, I think...
Terry K. Spencer: Absolutely. We have a number of things going on in that segment, supplies from new process and plant connections. We've got the Sterling III Pipeline, and that we're going to have 9 months of that. We got the impact from NGL supplies coming from our own affiliated processing plants. So we got a lot of things -- a lot of things happening, ramping up, back-end loading that financial performance. So that's kind of how we fill that gap.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, first of all, from an economic performance perspective, these projects, we're still seeing these things come in, and at 5x to 7x. So we really don't -- because of the strength of our footprint, and in particular, in the Bakken, we haven't seen much pressure on the economics. From a timing standpoint, it runs the whole gambit [sic] [gamut]. I mean, we -- certainly, the projects that are more infrastructure-related, it is projects that are gathering upstream of our processing facilities in the Bakken. Those projects are going to happen faster. That is well-connect type projects. But the ones that will be longer lead time will be processing plants, large trunk lines, compression facilities. That type of thing will take more time. Infrastructure projects, like fractionators, will take longer time. Those will -- certainly, the construction period for fractionator's a couple of years. But -- so I hope that maybe that gives you a sense. We've not been real specific on the timing of our growth -- capital growth backlog, but hopefully, that gives you a sense.
Terry K. Spencer: Yes. I mean, potentially, you could. Certainly we -- as far as the -- our dividend strategy is certainly to be in line with our peer group.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, I would say that certainly on the spot side or cash side of the business, the unhedged side, certainly, there were some realizations due to the weather -- some impacts due to weather, rather. But Rob, did you get -- anything you can add to...
Terry K. Spencer: I mean we've -- the prices -- the net realized prices stay pretty close to the same in-line, quarter-over-quarter. It's a function, Chris, of where you set the hedge prices at. And we set them at a price that -- that, I mean, we've got that clearly in our hedge tables. We set it at a low $4 price. That's reflected in this net realized price. It's -- as we -- our hedging policy, we target a 75% hedging level, okay? We don't try to pick prices as we move throughout the year, because we're not very good at picking prices. We try to exercise discipline and systematically hedge ourselves as we move through the year, regardless of where the prices trade. And so, they fall out where they fall out. I hope that helps.
Terry K. Spencer: Sure. We can -- as we continue to look at that pipeline and where we position boosters and everything else like that, there's a potential that we can move the expandable capacity higher, as we continue to go forward. That's what you're seeing in that number.
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, we can, Craig. That footprint was a natural extension of our existing footprint. And it's connected by our NGL position. It's a great platform for us to get into a new basin, to participate in gathering and processing, as well as liquids. I think the opportunity for us to invest in the crude oil side of the business up there as well is there. So, yes. I mean, it's a great extension, and it is going to afford us lots of opportunity. I think the drilling results have been very good, and we're continuing to see a lot of development. We're having success at signing up new acreage packages to our facilities, and our expectation is for this asset footprint to be a big part of our business.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Craig, certainty, that's something you could consider. But certainly not high on our list. Our strategy is very clear, to operate ONEOK as the, a pure-play holding company. We really don't have any plans on the horizon to make investments or to lever up OKE. The strategy of maximizing the cash dividend to our shareholders is top priority. And we won't operate with blinders on. We'll always be aware of opportunities that are out there. We'll have -- we'll be flexible. But as we sit today, this is our priority.
Terry K. Spencer: And you certainly see that in the exchange revenue portion of our business as it continues to grow. So Helen, for competitive reasons, that's why.
Terry K. Spencer: Absolutely. I mean, that's a well-defined strategy that we've employed for those -- for several years, and we'll continue to do so. We'll have some level of optimization capacity, I'm confident. But it will be greatly diminished from where it has been in the past.
Robert F. Martinovich: Jeremy, hi. This is Rob. With regards to the -- our contract term, it's about -- it's pretty similar to what we talked about the last quarter, in that approximately 7- to 7.5-year timeframe. So, I mean, as renewals -- obviously, as renewals come up, they -- coming up all throughout the year, and so, well you certainly had some come up at, in the first quarter, but I -- it wasn't markedly different because at end of the day, as we stated in the release, and as Terry did, we don't see this as sustainable. And people recognize that.
Robert F. Martinovich: Sure. I guess, Jeremy, with regards to the kind of the incremental, where Terry kind of focused in on was specifically in the Williston Basin and the Powder River Basin. So that would be the gathering, processing plant's infrastructure, and then appropriate connects from a standpoint -- of a liquids standpoint. But certainly, as you broaden out that, and look at the overall, kind of the $3 billion to $4 billion, excluding that incremental increase over the 2 to 3, those are exactly the type of things that we're talking about, that from G&P, but also get into the NGL functions, with regards to fracs, pipelines. And certainly, we're still evaluating export opportunities, both from a supply, as well as facilities themselves.
Robert F. Martinovich: Sure. With regards to the timing, it was weather. Weather got us at the tail end of the fourth quarter, and then the severe weather that we saw in the first quarter was the reason for the delay. With regards to the cost, we're still feeling good with regards to the -- where we've got that bracketed, where we just have. Obviously, there are some invoices still coming in on that, as we wrap up the payment. But at the end of the day, I don't think we're concerned with regards to where that CapEx is going.
Robert F. Martinovich: Hey John. Well, with regard to that incremental, it's going to be more weighted towards GNP, as Terry mentioned, from a processing opportunity, in both the Bakken and the Powder River basins.
Robert F. Martinovich: The underlying? No. I mean, there's little things that float around, but pretty much that's staying within what we've previously thought the backlog would turn out.
Robert F. Martinovich: Hey Helen, this is Rob. It's doing very well. We're pushing capacity as we speak. We had a large tranche of gas that we had -- that we're offloading to several other facilities that we're bringing back on to our system, as well as we balanced our overall system. So we've got that benefit, plus just the continued strong growth that we've seen from our producers over the last couple of months. So it's doing very well, a very quick ramp-up.
Robert F. Martinovich: It's going to vary by area. I mean, this one ramped up -- we thought it would ramp up within 45 days, or be full effectively within 45 days. And we're there. Plants that we have in the Bakken, Garden Creek II that comes on in the third quarter, we expect also a very quick ramp-up on that because it's going to be waiting for processing capacity. When you get to Garden Creek III in the first quarter of next year, that's going to be a little bit slower ramp-up, just because of the short interval between those 2 plants coming online. So it really depends on the area and the volume.
Robert F. Martinovich: If the gas is there, and we can bring it on, it definitely can. And that means both infrastructure-wise, as well as the gas available. And like I said, for Canadian Valley, we knew that was -- we had the opportunity to ramp it up very quickly because of the amount of gas that we were offloading to third-party processing facilities, as well as the pent up demand that we had on our system itself.
Robert F. Martinovich: No, there's really not, Carl. I mean, that just, I think is showing the growth that we've seen with regards to the Bakken plants coming online, Stateline II coming online last April, the 30% of Maysville that we now have, as well as just your continued ramp-up of volumes in each of our existing facilities, both in the Bakken and the Mid-Continent.
Robert F. Martinovich: As we go forward, did they go back down? I guess, as you -- as Canadian Valley comes on, and you're rejecting more ethane, then that would tend to drive those volumes down.
Sheridan C. Swords: On the -- as we said, the $71 million as it relates a lot to propane, just by using our infrastructure, everything we're have, we were able to capture a portion of that Conway to Belvieu spread on some volume that helped us going forward. On the propane spreads between Conway and Belvieu going forward, we do believe that as export demand continues to be strong, and as we get -- as we're in the fill season in Conway that, that spread will widen out from where it is today. And on the ethane side, it's more crackers, more demand comes on this summer with Geismar and La Porte coming on that, that will also increase the demand in Belvieu for ethane, which will allow ethane spreads to widen as well.
Sheridan C. Swords: Ted, we're going to stick with the current structure. I mean, what's that the market -- that's what the market wants. Those POP structures, with the fee-based flavor to them are what's working for us, what has worked for us. And we expect will continue to work for us, as we go on in the future.
Sheridan C. Swords: I mean, yes, obviously we capture the spread in the isom unit, but also that demand up in Conway allows us to increase throughput on our door system as we deliver ISO into the refineries in the upper Midwest as well.
Sheridan C. Swords: The only thing I'd add is your other question was on exports. That exports, obviously, that -- it's just like bringing on more demand in '16 that we didn't see. And it's not as dependent upon the big buildout of the crackers. So that's -- and in long-term helped ethane prices.
Sheridan C. Swords: The only thing I can say is that actually, we continue to try to turn that into fee-based. Return our optimization capacity into fee-based revenue.
