Pierce Norton: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest and investment in our company. On today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development; and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas Gathering and Processing; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Pipelines.  Yesterday, we announced first quarter 2022 results, which highlighted year-over-year natural gas and NGL volume growth. Earnings significantly increased year-over-year when adjusting for the favorable Winter Storm Uri impact in the first quarter of 2021. Customer and producer conversations continue to point to additional activity through the remainder of the year, supported by strong demand for U.S. energy and commodity prices far exceeding basin breakeven economics. Our built-in operating leverage and proven track record of disciplined and intentional growth have positioned us well to support increasing producer activity levels. Our systems have significant capacity to grow alongside the needs of our customers. And because of our large infrastructure projects are complete, we now have opportunities for bolt-on expansion projects with quicker in-service dates, attractive returns and minimal capital requirements. Not only are we expecting strong activity going forward, but our position in the key U.S. shale basins provides us a long runway to continue our efforts to help address increasing domestic and international energy demand. Current events continue to demonstrate the importance of natural gas and natural gas liquids and a long-term energy transformation and highlights the critical role that ONEOK plays in providing essential energy products and services. Before I hand the call over, I'd like to discuss the recent weather events that have impacted our Rocky Mountain region operations in April and into early May. First of all, I want to thank our employees in the area, and those who supported from other locations to ensure that we were as prepared as possible for these two unprecedented winter events within a two-week period. The severe April storms caused blizzard conditions, record-setting snowfall, high winds and extensive power outages across North Dakota, Montana and South Dakota. A number of our employees, staff facilities during these conditions to maintain the safe and reliable operations of our assets. Many of these employees were also dealing with lost power and damage at their own homes. Widespread outages left many of our facilities without power for several days and a significant number of wells across the Williston Basin were shut in. Our primary focus has been on the safety of our employees, assets and the communities where we operate as we continue to work through the full impact of the storms. Due to the basin-wide power outages, our April Rocky Mountain region volumes were reduced in both our natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments by approximately 20%. May volumes will continue to be impacted as down power lines are replaced. Currently, our process volumes are more than 1.1 billion cubic feet per day, and our NGL volumes are more than 320,000 barrels per day and trending up as shut-in wells are brought back online. The coordination during and since these weather events with our customers, local agencies, communities and other operators in the area has been impressive, once again highlighting the resiliency of our employees, assets and our customers. Even with this late winter storm, we are affirming our financial guidance ranges and midpoints for both adjusted EBITDA and earnings per share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Walt for a discussion of our financial performance.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Kevin, and Walt. The overall dynamics in the midstream space and for ONEOK specifically remain positive. We increased activity, strengthened demand and available system operating leverage. The U.S. energy industry is well positioned to be a significant source for domestic and global natural gas and NGL supply for the long term, with midstream playing a vital role in the safe and responsible transportation of these vital energy resources. As we continue to help supply our country in the world with low-cost energy, we are also looking to play an important role in the transformation to a lower-carbon future through best management practices and collaboration with customers and service providers. We are addressing the growing need for energy products and services today, while also preparing for a long-term energy future. It's this innovation, resiliency and dedication of our employees that makes ONEOK a leader in our industry with the positive momentum we're seeing in our business, and the increasingly positive outlook for the remainder of the year, we're well positioned for yet another year of volume and earnings growth. With that, operator, we're now ready for questions.
Pierce Norton: Yes. I think all that 200, as I read that call to, all that 200 may not be recoverable out there in the Permian. I can only speak to our system. Our system, we're fairly full on recovering ethane on our system. But if you would see natural gas prices get depressed and if there's more ethane to be recovered out of the Permian, that will have a downward pressure on ethane as it relates to other basins and probably the first basin we would see come out of is probably our Mid-Continent Basin. But we still have the opportunity to move that mid-continent basin in front of the Permian Basin by flexing our rates as we've done out of the Bakken because we've always said the Bakken well at full rates will be out of -- we'll be in rejection for this year and for the future. But I think it may have some impact on it, but I don't think it's going to have a major impact on what our forward -- what we're forward-looking for ethane out of the Mid-Continent.
Pierce Norton: Well, I think what Sheridan said was we're still maintaining our guidance range, which the midpoint would be 400 but connecting more than 90 wells in the first quarter is an outstanding start to the year. So there's definitely -- we think there could be some upside there.
Pierce Norton: Yes. We still feel good about our capital guidance range as well. As we think about -- as we looked at the first quarter, we always have some seasonal kind of timing things of just routine growth type stuff. Again, we did not increase the cost at all for MB-5 in accelerating that schedule. That was just our ability. We had some things go our way from a schedule perspective early in the project that allowed us to pull it forward. So the guidance range for capital is still in place.
Pierce Norton: We've seen a little bit of the inflationary pressures. I would just remind everybody that we also have the escalators on our contracts that we think are more than offset the cost increases we have seen. The first quarter-- if we look at op cost, the first quarter is usually just a little bit light as you think about the rest of the year. But we still feel good. Again, all that's factored in as we talk about reaffirming our guidance. Inflationary pressures are included in that analysis.
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin. That reached volume that we said, that's not an average for April. That was just -- we wanted to provide a number out there that showed where we -- the gas that was available. So we were at 1.4 Bcf a day on a few days there before the storms hit, which shows kind of where we were trending. In my remarks, I mentioned that we were at -- or I think Pierce, we were at 1.1 Bcf a day currently, and that's trending up as the wells are brought back online.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. The GORs, when you look at trends over time, obviously, they've been going up, I think the number is like 80% since 2016. And -- but yes, you'll see some fluctuations, some minor fluctuations as new wells are brought on. The GORs do increase over time for individual wells. The GORs also are a little different across different parts of the basin from a regional perspective. But yes, you'll see some dynamics of that will bounce around month-to-month as new wells are brought online and as drilling occurs in different parts of the play. But the general trend is it's going to continue to go up.
Kevin Burdick: Well, this is Kevin, John. I think you hit on a bunch of the key attributes we're looking through. One, yes, we've seen weather impact our Bakken volumes, but it hasn't changed the rest of the year outlook for our growth opportunities in the Bakken, both on the G&P side and the NGL side. So we see that as very positive. And we continue to see activity at or above levels than we were anticipating when we put out guidance. So we think there's going to be some offset there. Clearly, we've had ethane recovery opportunities both so far to date and as well as, as we look through the remainder of the year that we believe are going to be strong. You mentioned we're seeing growth. There's been some very positive and favorable calls where other processors and producers in the Mid-Continent about volumes growing there. So we think there's some upside there. And the Permian, again, where we can -- we haven't talked about it a lot on this call, but we've continued to get our fair share of the volume growth coming out of the Permian, and like our position with both our West Texas LPG system as well as our WesTex pipe system we've talked about. So there's a lot of tailwinds for us in a lot of those other areas, including the optimization and marketing side we have on the NGL business. And we think those are absolutely going to offset any hurt we may have had with the severe weather impact in April.
Kevin Burdick: Well, we continue to work it. As we've said for a while, it's a piece of the business. We would love to extend the value chain and we see that as a natural extension. It's a nice fee-based business. But at the same time, we're working with a lot of different markets, and we're trying to get a deal done. It would happen, but we're not going to step out and do something that's going to earn a return that we're not used to. So we're going to be disciplined. We're going to be intentional about a dock project, but we continue to work it.
Kevin Burdick: Well, I think the basin is in really good shape. Oil is fine with energy transfer and apples expansion. They're in great shape. NGL we've talked about that. We've got capacity currently, and we have a quick low-cost expansion. We could add another 100,000 barrels a day of NGL capacity. So we go to residue. We -- there's still volume on Northern border that can be priced out or pushed out. Bakken gas can displace gas coming from Canada. There's an open season out right now for 400 million, 500 million a day that Northern Border has out there on a Bison reversal and there's some other smaller expansions from a residue perspective that are out there being discussed, that could -- that will help out the basin from a residue takeaway. So all in all, we feel like the capacities that are out there and some of the expansions that are available, put the basin in really good shape from a takeaway perspective.
Sheridan Swords: Brian, this is Sheridan. And what I would say -- we said in our remarks that we're staying at our previous guidance on well connects. But as you said, coming out of the first quarter with 90 well connects is a really good start to this year.
Sheridan Swords: Praneeth, we -- this is Sheridan. When we look at the expansion, we got -- we look out forward and see when we'll need it, when we need to start commissioning that expansion. And you've got to think about that we have about 440,000 barrels a day today and at 385 that has quite a bit of incentivized ethane in it. So we can kind of swing on that as well. So we continue to look through our gathering and processing what's going on in the basin when we need to expand that and when we need to expand the capital. And right now, we're sitting today, we think, in the short term, we have enough capacity on the system to handle what we need going forward, but we continue to evaluate the opportunity to expand and make sure that we put ourselves in a position that when it is time to expand, we can expand it quickly.
Sheridan Swords: Colton, this is Sheridan. I think when we look at the ethane market, no doubt it's going to be, I think, recovery rejection is going to be volatile through this year in certain areas. But with the increase in domestic demand that's coming online and with the increase in international demand or export demand, we still see some growth in ethane demand or a pull coming in. And right now, ethane is the only advantage crack and the petrochemicals right now. We are in the short term, seeing a little bit of softness due that we have some maintenance going on in the petrochemical industry. and they are working through some of the logistic issues they have on the supply side getting out, but that seems to be as we talk to our customers, is getting better. So as we see that, we -- that's what gives us confident that we'll see good opportunities to bring more incentivized ethane out of the Bakken for the rest of the year.
Sheridan Swords: Well, a lot of things that happened in the optimization of marketing between 4Q and 1Q, you remember in 4Q, we were down due to timing of inventory sales, and we said we'd get that back in 2022 when we got it back in the first quarter of '21. And the reason we use ethane as the marker for the Conway to Belvieu spread for optimization is the fact that ethane is the product we have the most of. So that's volume in it. But volatility in that spread views us a lot of opportunity, whether or not it's going to Belvieu or in favor of Conway with all products. So we were able to use that volatility to make our positions on contracts to make minor either way if the favor of Conway in favor of Belvieu, what we need is just some volatility between the two markets, not necessarily just wide markets to Belvieu.
Sheridan Swords: Yes. We're seeing a little bit wider spread right now on the ethane side in Q2, and that's mainly right now due to the fact that we have some Mid-Continent crackers that are in turnaround. We think they'll be short lived through May, but it has given us some upside in the second quarter.
Sheridan Swords: Theresa, this is Sheridan. To be honest with you, I have no idea what it will be. It will be around the 26. The reason I say that is the accountants will work through it and we have a lot of moving parts on that. But it's going to be 26% to 27% in that range is where I would say that it's going to come out to be.
Sheridan Swords: Well, I could say is as we've talked to our customers and seeing what they're seeing in there, and they said they have had some issues getting rid of the polyethylene pellets to get them exported out of there or actually get them from the petrochemical facilities to the dock. And they keep saying they're working through that and continue to improve that to be better. And they're optimistic that it's going to improve over time is kind of what we're hearing. Obviously, if there's a bottleneck there, you could see them slow down their production to make sure they get rid of the products. But they seem to be more upbeat now than they have in the past.
