Walt Hulse: Thank you, Terry. Instead of a typical run-through of our quarterly financial performance, which was well detailed in yesterday's news release, I'll walk through a few of the strategic financial decisions we made during the second quarter and how those have positioned us for the remainder of the year. We completed two proactive capital market transactions, raising capital of more $2.4 billion during the second quarter, providing us additional liquidity and balance sheet flexibility in a still uncertain market environment. In May, we completed a $1.5 billion senior notes offering and used the proceeds -- a portion of the proceeds to repay the remaining $1.25 billion of our term loan agreement which was maturing in 2021. In June, we completed a public offering of common stock resulting in net proceeds of $937 million. Both of these transactions were undertaken to strengthen our balance sheet and provide a clear and accelerated path towards equity leveraging goals. We still intend to manager our leverage below 4x as business strengthens to pre-COVID levels and to maintain 3.5x as our long-term aspirational goal. Both transactions were successful in that respect. As we sit today, we have ample liquidity and balance sheet strength and flexibility at the end of the second quarter with no borrowings outstanding and our $2.5 billion credit facility and more than $945 million of cash. Interest expense increased in the second quarter primarily due to the settlement of interest rate hedges related to the earliest repayment of our term loan, resulting in a one-time impact earnings per share of $0.09 in the second quarter. With yesterday's earnings announcement, we certainly expect 2020 net income and adjusted EBITDA results to be at the lower end of our previously provided outlook ranges. As we return to volumes achieved during the early March 2020, we expect our earnings run rate to be in line with our previous expectations and to provide a continued path to deleveraging. We also expect total capital expenditures including maintenance capital to range from approximately $300 million to $400 million in the second half of 2020. Total annual capital expenditures including maintenance and growth of $300 million to $400 million will be maintained until producer activity levels provide visibility to volume growth warranting expanded capacity, but we remain flexible with the ability to scale capital back up quickly as our customers' needs. Last week, the Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.935 or $3.74 per share on an annualized basis. We continue to look for cost efficiencies across our operations. So far this year, we have implemented measures across our systems, including optimizing assets, power savings, and discretionary spending reductions totaling approximately $50 million. We expect additional cost-saving measures in the second half of the year to result in total 2020 savings of approximately $120 million compared with our 2020 plan. I'm now going to turn the call over to Kevin for a closer look at our operations.
Walt Hulse: We obviously stay in touch with the rating agencies. They saw that the activity definitely equity that's a proactive step to accelerate the leveraging from other real benefit not on that, and we're focused on cultivating, and we're pleased to see the strength that we're seeing in the -- from the producer activity bringing retail volumes back on the trend that that's showing us in this point in time.
Walt Hulse: Michael, the only thing I'd add from a priority standpoint, maintaining that investment-grade credit rating is extremely important to the company and important to this board so it remains a high priority. Certainly, that was in the mix in terms of the capital allocation decisions we were making.
Walt Hulse: That's correct. As we finish up the 2020 is that for you guys [indiscernible] the commitment we're finishing up and we have enough of such projects but as we get into 2021, we won't be able to continue to keep that $300 million to $400 million range including maintenance CapEx. In order to pick up in volume will get us above the level that we had been originally forecasting for 2020 so we've got some significant headroom there and obviously prioritizes cash flows as we grow into the deleveraging goals.
Walt Hulse: That's correct. That's what you base it in. Those percentages that I provided earlier are based upon the lower end of the range that we provided for 2020, the basis of that.
Kevin Burdick: Yes, Jeremy. It's Kevin. The first question, as far as the Apple shutdown, we really don't see much impact at all to 2020. As we said, we see that more as a 2021 issue as curtailed production comes back, we believe there will be another pipeline capacity in rail transportation to handle the volumes that are currently being curtailed. And as it relates to the second question, yes, we physically could convert the smaller Bakken NGL pipeline in the crude service. We're evaluating that, and looking at all of our options, and watching that closely. But yes, that is something that's physically possible.
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin again. And yes, I do think it supports that. If you think about where we were, not necessarily first quarter average, but you think about where our volumes were right as we entered into the COVID and the OPEC situation, those types of volume levels was what supported that -- kind of the upper end of that range that we talked about. So, as we get to curtail production to come back online, and I think a key point in that is those March numbers included substantial gas that was flaring. Since that time, we put additional infrastructure in place, and if the volumes come back, we would expect the flaring numbers to go down. So, that's why we have the confidence in those numbers. If that's what you choose to that run rate that we're looking at, towards the upper end of the range.
Kevin Burdick: I just said in my prepared remarks that we would be in that $300 million to $400 million range for 2021, including maintenance and growth. And we will sustain that level of CapEx as long as producer activity, indelible producer activity, is generating growth that we need to expand capacity. It's very nudging. We have all the assets in place to get us back to ready to that EBITDA north of $3 billion. And so, we're in a great position here where you don't have to jump on the CapEx level until producer activity warrants that for growth.
Kevin Burdick: Shneur, it's Kevin. I'll start. You were a little muddy, so I'll make sure -- if I don't answer your question, make sure you jump back in here. I mean, we continue to -- the reserves have been fantastic in the Bakken, and producers have been year-over-year delivered better and better wells. The rigs have gotten more and more efficient. So, they continually had shown they can deliver more volumes and less capital is what that ultimately goes to. So, I think that's part of the story that over time, you won't need as many wells or completions to keep your volumes at certain levels. I think we've talked about it in that one, four to one five type range of all BCF a day volume. You're probably 30 to 40 completions per month on our acreage. And we think that's absolutely doable. And we do believe the quality of the wells will continue to improve.
Kevin Burdick: One last thing on this topic, and I apologize. I should have brought this up sooner because we haven't mentioned it in our remarks either. Just to remind everybody, the gas to oil ratios continue to strengthen. So, look at crude oil forecast and you've got to apply the strengthening gas to oil ratios, and you can see some of the materials we provided on the presentation that shows what that's done over time, and it's continued to strengthen to where now it's more 2.2. So, that's another factor. We look at the basin of what's going on the GAAP side. Don't just focus on what's going on the crude oil side.
Kevin Burdick: Very good Shere. We're still evaluating all the aspects of that turning them into crude or [indiscernible] what needs to be done. So we continue to look through that. As we continue to evaluate that more, we'll have a better understanding of what it takes to convert its crude.
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin. Yes, we absolutely believe those cost savings are attainable. As we move through the year we've taken -- our team has done a fantastic job of finding opportunities and some of those opportunities you identify them but it takes a little bit of time to actually get in and we've been doing that so. So we do believe, even with the volume strengthening that we'll realize those savings in the back half of the year.
Unidentified Analyst: It's about well connects in the second half relative to what we saw in the first half, just given what we're seeing on the rig count side and the pricing environment.
Unidentified Analyst: So, thanks for all the clarity on the call. I just had one follow-up question on the leverage metrics. In the press release yesterday, you indicated the covenant based average tracking at 4.5x. So, it seems like to me that the fear bit of project EBITDA baked into that based on projects, which did not contribute to EBITDA yet, first, is that correct? And secondly, when you baked that EBITDA into the covenant metrics, is that based on cash flows, which are contracted, or is it more driven by your expectation and then frequent is that expectation kind of revised? Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: So, in the press release, you had indicated that the covenant-based leverage was tracking at 4.5x. So, when I look at your debt balances, [indiscernible] EBITDA, I come up with a higher number. So, I'm just trying to reconcile that disconnect.
Chuck Kelley: Yes, I mean, what I did was based on producer discussions, as Kevin mentioned, if we see on the drill schedules that are provided by our producers to us, ducks are currently being completed here in Q3, as Kevin mentioned. We've also got some line of sight to Q4 with additional completions. And what producers have told us is they want to complete these wells before winter in anticipation of more demand. And in addition to that, some of our larger producers have indicated to us that they're going to run one to two rig programs through the remainder of the year on our acreage. So, we've got some line of sight to increase ducks’ completions as well as increased well connects forthcoming. So, hope that gives you a little more color
Chuck Kelley: Another data point I'd add, Shneur, is we work closely with all of our producers, and a couple of them have been the past six months or so, I wouldn't say experimenting, but working with longer laterals as long as three miles. And based on the results of this, we're being told that less wells will be needed for the increased deliverability that they're seeing through those longer laterals. So for that part of your question, regarding continued either technological enhancements or efficiencies, I would say to producers didn't dialed anything back and we're really seeing some good results from some of these folks with a much longer laterals now.
Chuck Kelley: So, similar to other shale plays, but we see typically or what we run in our models -- and you're wondering 50%, 55%, decline rate year two, and that's 20% to 25%, year three, 15% and then and then just maintaining stuff down from there. So your first year is your -- obviously, as you know, is your larger trial decline in a shale plays. We run at a 50%, 55% range.
Chuck Kelley: What we've done here in the second quarter to help people flaring -- you won't really see that until third -- we expect to see the results here in third quarter relative to our flaring percentages, as we've completed some pretty good sized trunk lines into an area air flow that's been very, very limited and been able to get gas egress. So, put a couple of 20-inch trunk lines completed and tied in wells that had been flaring, as well as some new wells that were getting ready to come on. So, some of our infrastructure obviously is going to help on that 125 million a day.
Chuck Kelley: Michael, this is Chuck. We answered a similar question in Q1. And at the time, again, with things in flux and trying to forecast, we're kind of -- as far as we were experiencing or working on expansions, kind of pushed that out a little bit. I think it's fair to say that an expansion should be forthcoming. I just can't tell you when. I would say it is pushed out probably 12 months anyway. We just need a better line of sight on some longer-term forecasts, but I think that expansion will definitely be needed in time.
Chuck Kelley: Be able to move through the Bakken pipeline, physically possible, we would probably move it into the currency area.
Chuck Kelley: Well, nothing really changed from a tax standpoint, other than the fact that obviously, the rate of the EBITDA is going to be lower than expected in 2020. So, if anything, it smoothed out a little bit because the assets that we ultimately will complete, [indiscernible] down the road, when growth is back and those are needed, that depreciation will come at a later date and we'll be able to optimize the economy. So, we don't expect to be a LIFO taxpayer for several years. And eventually, we'll get into a situation where there are some limitations that are currently out there on the utilization that allows, but that's still a few years down the road.
Chuck Kelley: The covenant calculation does not trust exactly to GAAP under the bank covenant. There is a provision that allows for an EBITDA assumption associated with CapEx that's either come into service or will come into service down the road, and that scaled down over a period of time. So, there's a there's a mismatch. There always has been a slight mismatch between the GAAP and the covenant calculation. At this point, the covenant calculation is at 4.5 times versus the covenant at 5 times.
Chuck Kelley: Right now, because the way our system setup, all our fracs can be a Bellevue frac. So, when you look across our system, we have plenty of frac capacity because any volume that we frac in the midcontinent with the sterling system, we can make that volume show up in Mont Bellevue. But right now we look -- well, we have plenty of frac capacity through 2020, or until we see a much better improvement into producer productivity that we would need to bring me back on. So, we're in pretty good shape on the frac capacity side. In terms of do we need to export the author? Does that impact us on the frac side? It's just not at this time. Right now, there's more export capacity than the interact capacity really, and so we are able to contract and have contracts with a lot of our volumes in a short period of time to exporters, because they need that volume to fulfill their commitments across the dock. So at this time, we don't see that it's a hindrance not to have a dock. Of course, as we look into the future, that's still something on our list that we would like to look at a period of time when we see more supply come online that would warrant additional capacity. But this time, we do not see it as a hindrance or as a disadvantage
Chuck Kelley: Right now, we are over 80% on our frac utilization. We've seen a big step up on that because we've bought more ethane on,5 and that doesn't -- that capacity has always been there. But we're sitting about a little over 80% of what our frac utilization would be. And so, as we continue to grow into the third quarter, we have already seen that volume increase that we talked about in July. We still move closer to that -- maybe closer to the 90%, the 85%, 90%, which still leaves us plenty of frac capacity.
Shneur Gershuni: Hi, good morning, everyone. Good to hear everyone is well. Just maybe wanted to just start off with your dividend comments that you made in the prepared remarks. You'd mentioned that it could potentially be another down the road and so forth. When you sort of think about things, you've got a lot of headwinds obviously with COVID, potentially with Apple, which can impact CapEx for the basis of your producer customers. I was wondering if you can give us the case studies or scenarios as to how you think about the dividend, either being maintained or potentially being reduced in the $2.6 billion guidance range for this year enough to maintain the dividend. What levels are you thinking about would become an area where you would become concerned as a $2.4 billion run rate? How much does SMP re-reviewing your rating matter? Just wondering if you can sort of give us different paths and different outcomes as to how you're thinking and would be recommending the dividend to the board.
Shneur Gershuni: Well, I really appreciate that. A better answer than I expected. Maybe it's a good way to transition. You've answered this a little bit in the prior questions to some of the questions you've received in the prepared remarks. But when we talked about the drivers for a strong second half recovery, and as we sort of think about '21, as just talked about, if I remember, and I'm dating myself a little bit here, back to the '13, '14, '15 cycle, in Bakken they did something, [indiscernible]. In the most recent cycle, the Bakken, do you see that trend on efficiency continuing and that may be worth zeroing in on the wrong type of rig count for the Bakken to be able to generate enough ducks for you to be able to maintain and potentially grow production? Could you see something where 30 is really been one normal run rate that conserve run, 1.4 million, 1.5-million-barrel tech market? Just kind of wondering what you're seeing in terms of thoughts on efficiencies and how things are moving around.
Shneur Gershuni: That makes perfect sense. We really appreciate the color today guys. That was very helpful. Thank you.
Sheridan Swords: It's Sheridan. The only thing I would emphasize, and we've said it a couple of times in our opening remarks, but that is this BPF and a half a day, particularly in the Williston basin, that deliverability is connected to our system and doesn't really depend on a whole bunch of rigs coming back into the basin. As we think about 2021, our growth that is our throughput growth on our GMP business is a function of capturing and accelerating that capture of that BCF and a half a day. So you think about this first quarter 2020 volume of about 1.1 BCF a day in the BOC, and as you think about 2021, that number we expect to grow as we move throughout the year. And it's a function of capturing that BCF and a half a day of deliverability. That's already there. That's a that's the point we can't emphasize enough today.
Sheridan Swords: Michael, this is Sheridan. You are correct out of Bakken where -- and their targets are not improving, and the economics at this time don't warrant that. But we have, as we mentioned, seen good ethane recovery increases in the midcontinent. And what I'd tell you today is that in June and July, the average percentage of ethane in a wide rig 45%. We are up over 60,000 barrels a day more ethane in the mid-comments than we were in the first quarter, and over 50,000 what we experienced in the second quarter. That's for June, and July is continued on that. So I think we -- as mentioned in our remarks, all the ethane or substantially all the ethane within the mid-continent that can come out is coming out of the sun. And we do predict that and continue through the rest of the year.
Sheridan Swords: I think the contango that represented itself will present itself in the second quarter because of how we sold that product out for and we will see that benefit show up in the second half of the year. You'll see that in the Isom unit as well.
Sheridan Swords: Yes, you could see some of that in the fourth quarter. We've sold it throughout the third and fourth quarter so you can see it through the remainder of the year. A lot is going to happen on this week in prices through that period of time but it will be spread through the second half of the year if I can think so far.
