Terry Spencer: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued trust and investment in ONEOK. Joining me on today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs; and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas liquids; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas. 2019 was an outstanding year, a year of project execution and record-setting safety performance for ONEOK, positioning ourselves for exceptional growth in 2020 and 2021. Yesterday, we announced fourth quarter and full year 2019 results, announced our 2020 guidance and provided a 2021 outlook. We also announced 3 expansion projects that will further strengthen ONEOK's position in the Williston and Permian Basins, and increase the needed natural gas processing and NGL transportation capacity for our customers. It is important to point out that these high-return projects build off of our existing assets. These projects include the Demicks Lake III plant in the Williston Basin, the full expansion of the Elk Creek pipeline to 400,000 barrels per day and the fourth expansion of the West Texas LPG pipeline since October 2017. Our growth program is providing critical natural gas and NGL infrastructure to our customers, including assets to help significantly reduce natural gas flaring in the Williston Basin and provide increased connectivity all the way to the Texas Gulf Coast. Upon completion, our announced projects will expand the backbone of our NGL business and will add processing capacity to further strengthen our position as a leading midstream service provider. As for project updates, we announced that Elk Creek was completed in mid-December, Demicks Lake I and II were completed in October 2019 and January 2020, respectively, and the first phase of the MB-4 fractionator was completed in late December. Kevin will provide more color on the projects that are slated for completion here in the first quarter. Our last earnings call in late October, I made a comment that 2021 is setting up to be another year of double-digits growth. With many of our projects being completed this year and into next year, we are confident in our 2020 [Later changed by the Company to 2021] earnings outlook of adjusted EBITDA increasing approximately 20% compared to our 2020 guidance midpoint. With that, I will turn the call over to Walt.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Kevin. 2019 was another successful year for ONEOK, and I'm proud of our employees who continue to focus on safety, reliability and the execution of our growth projects. Operating our integrated network of assets in the manner for which ONEOK has a strong reputation remains our focus and is the foundation for all our successes we've discussed today, and will continue to be as we move forward as we transition from this build cycle to a period of significant cash flow generation. Thank you to all our dedicated employees for your hard work and contributions in helping us achieve another year of company-wide growth in 2019. And 2020 is off to a great start as we are in the middle of many project completions and new asset operations that will position us well in the coming years. With that, operator, we're now ready for questions.
Terry Spencer: Michael, let me just make one quick comment to -- I'll follow-up. So with the Texas report, I think it's just indicative of the fact that the heat on producers is really going to be stepping up in terms of flaring. And I think for midstream companies, I think that actually creates, obviously, opportunity. And in particular, we're going to see, I think, a step-up in terms of infrastructure getting built or maximized in order to reduce the flaring. And obviously, when we maximize that throughput from that rich gas, we're going to create more NGLs coming out of the basin sooner rather than later. So I think that's going to -- I think it's really going to step up. And I think the step 1 was the fact that the Texas Railroad Commission acknowledged what was happening. I think they did some really -- kind of took a unique look at it in terms of intensity of flaring. I think it really showed a picture that it's going to have to be addressed. And the regulators are going to have to address it and midstream's going to be a big part of that solution, of course.
Terry Spencer: But Michael, don't let that be an indication of how we feel about the Powder, okay? We think the Powder has got a lot of unrealized potential. It could be -- it could -- and it just needs a little bit of price help, and we're certainly well positioned to be able to exploit that if, in fact, it -- the Powder does get a little bit of price help.
Terry Spencer: No. No difference. Still a tough environment from an M&A perspective. We're going to stay focused on this organic growth strategy. If we do take advantage of some M&A opportunity, it'll more be in the area of the strategic bolt-on asset type acquisition. So our thinking really hasn't changed.
Terry Spencer: Craig, I'll just [indiscernible]. Craig, let me just make one follow-up comment to Walt's comment, the company has historically always managed the balance sheet in a very prudent way with an emphasis toward being investment grade. I mean, that's -- if you want to look for some -- hard line somewhere, that will be a hard line for us. And so as we think longer term, the company is always going to do what makes sense and is prudent, okay? And we've shown a long history of doing that. So that's what you can hang your hat on. That there's my speech.
Walter Hulse: Thank you, Terry, ONEOK's 2019 net income totaled $1.28 billion or $3.07 per share, an 11% increase compared with 2018. In 2019, adjusted EBITDA totaled $2.58 billion, a 5% increase year-over-year. Natural gas liquids and natural gas volume growth, higher average fee rates and increased transportation capacity contracted, all contributed to a strong 2019 performance. The natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas pipeline segments ended the year with adjusted EBITDA increases of 11% and 12%, respectively, compared with 2018, exceeding the high end of the 2019 guidance range in both segments. The natural gas liquids segment adjusted EBITDA increased 2% compared with 2018, about 4% below the low end of the 2019 guidance range, due primarily to narrower-than-expected NGL price differentials. Distributable cash flow for 2019 was $2.02 billion, up 11% compared to 2018, with a healthy full year dividend coverage of 1.38x. We also generated nearly $560 million of distributable cash flow in excess of dividends paid in 2019. Our annual dividends paid during 2019 were $3.53 per share, a 9% increase compared with 2018, in line with our previously stated guidance. And in January, the Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.935 or $3.74 per share on an annualized basis, also an increase of 9% compared with the first quarter of 2018. Our December 31 net debt-to-EBITDA on an annualized run rate basis was 4.8x. We continue to expect to be at 4x debt-to-EBITDA run rate in late 2020 or early 2021 with deleveraging continuing thereafter as volumes ramp and additional projects come online. We ended the year having no borrowings outstanding on our $2.5 billion credit facility and $220 million of commercial paper outstanding. As Terry mentioned, with yesterday's earnings announcement, we provided detailed 2020 financial and volume guidance and a 2021 outlook. Our 2020 guidance includes increases in our earnings per share and adjusted EBITDA midpoints of 16% and 25%, respectively, compared with 2019. We expect double-digit year-over-year earnings growth in our natural gas liquids and our natural gas gathering and processing segments of 15% and 11%, respectively. Our natural gas pipeline segment had a strong 2019, and we expect another solid year of performance for the segment in 2020. Key drivers to achieving our 2020 financial guidance expectations include volume growth expected from the Elk Creek pipeline and the Demicks Lake processing plants, and contributions from the Arbuckle II pipeline, the MB-4 fractionator and the second West Texas LPG expansion, all projects that we expect to be completed here in the first quarter. Our 2020 growth capital guidance range of $2.25 billion to $2.73 billion is a significant decrease compared with our peak CapEx spend in 2019 and incorporates the projects we announced yesterday. As a reminder, what we call routine growth capital such as well connections and plant connections is included in this number. Our 2021 outlook of an approximate 20% increase in adjusted EBITDA compared with the 2020 guidance midpoint is driven by continued volume growth on Elk Creek resulting from the increased volumes from plants connected in 2020, the Bakken NGL pipeline extension and the Bear Creek expansion. Volume growth in the Permian Basin and the Gulf Coast from the completion of the MB-5 fractionator and the third and fourth expansions of West Texas LPG pipeline will also contribute to the 2021 increase. With these project completions this year and early next year, total capital expenditures are expected to decrease significantly in 2021 relative to 2020. I'll now turn the call over to Kevin for a closer look at each of our operating segments.
Walter Hulse: Shneur, as we've said in the past, when we did the acquisition of the partnership back in '17, we said we wouldn't be a taxpayer through 2021. We've built between $6 billion and $7 billion worth of assets with bonus depreciation that we've been able to take advantage on top of that. So we have a good runway here before we will become a taxpayer at all. And then, at some point, there will be a limitation on the utilization of the NOL that was put in place with the last tax act. But that would -- at that point, going forward, we would have kind of a 4% to 5% marginal rate somewhere out there in the future. So we don't see a full tax paying situation well into the future.
Walter Hulse: Yes. Over the years, we've said that our growth -- our routine growth CapEx is somewhere between $250 million to $400 million or so. It varies depending on where the plants are that we have to connect or the wells we're connecting, but it always is in that range. It's included in our guidance for 2020. From a growth CapEx standpoint, it wouldn't be significantly different in 2021, but we expect a meaningful step down in CapEx from 2020 to 2021 in the range of $1 billion less in 2021 than we will have in 2020.
Walter Hulse: Well, we've guided pretty regularly since 2017 that through 2021, we would pay in that 9% to 11% range. We've been at 9% throughout. And we don't see anything at this point that will change that view through 2021, and we're not going to give a view pass that.
Walter Hulse: Well, what we said in the prepared remarks was that the expectation that we've said before remains the same that we expect to be at 4x debt-to-EBITDA on a run rate basis either in the fourth quarter of 2020 or in early 2021. So that doesn't change. And then we expect to continue to delever further as we go beyond that period in 2021 as these projects come on, CapEx goes down and cash flows increase. So nothing's changed.
Walter Hulse: Well, if you just do the projections out based on the guidance that we've given you, you'll see that we go towards and through that 3.5x pretty quickly. What we said is that we thought aspirationally, on a going-forward basis, that we would be around that 3.5x as we saw continued growth going forward. If we don't see additional growth from where we are today, we will be well below 3.5x.
Walter Hulse: We'll obviously build some short-term debt as we finish up this construction program. And you're right. We do have the term loan out there coming due in 2021. So we'll keep our eye on the market. And when we think it's appropriate, we may access the debt market. Obviously, we have no equity financing whatsoever in our thoughts.
Walter Hulse: Well, we're not going to give forward guidance out there. Again, if you do the math on what we've had out there, it will be a reality that that's where we'll be going forward. And we'll see what the future brings. But we're in a position where, on a going-forward basis, the company is going to generate a very significant amount of cash, well above dividends.
Walter Hulse: Well, as it relates to the second part of your question, obviously, as our debt gets paid down to the levels that I was just discussing, it opens up a lot of alternatives for us, whether it be share buybacks or dividends or whatever. But I think the key is that it will be -- we'll have the flexibility to do what we think is appropriate at that time. And as for the docks...
Walter Hulse: Craig, we'll cross that bridge when we get there and see what the market environment is. But we're not there today. And so we're not going to speculate as to what the market is going to be at that point going forward.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Tristan, this is Kevin. Yes, that's -- I mean, that's the way we think about it. The reason for the lower capital is, again, kind of more expansions when -- as we've constructed Demicks I and Demicks II, things like power, a lot of the inlet handling for the plant, some of the pipeline infrastructure, we're doing -- we're expanding existing compressor stations rather than building new compressor stations. So all those things contribute to that capital being lower than the previous projects.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. I mean, that's the way to think about it. As we continue to ramp volumes with more than 240,000 barrels a day now of contracted on the pipe, we needed to expand it. We also wanted to make sure we had the ability to handle any ethane that needs to come out incrementally. But again, the economics are really based more on just the traditional, the classic C3 plus volume growth that we see. We still have a lot of opportunities, and we're in late-stage negotiations with several customers north of the river as we build that lateral that's going to connect over to the Hess plant. So there's still opportunities out there in front of us.
Kevin Burdick: Sure. Shneur, this is Kevin. Clearly, it is a Bakken-driven story. I think you start and just kind of go down the list of projects that are coming on either late this year or early, early in '21. So you've got Bear Creek II, that expansion, which, again, there's going to be some flared gas behind that facility when it's up. We've got 4 large, well-capitalized producers that are just dying to go drill down there, but there's just no capacity currently. So there's growth there. We've talked about the north lateral from our -- on our -- in our NGL segment that will go connect to the Hess Plant that will be completed in Q4 of this year. So we'll have a year of volumes on that. You've got continued just core growth in -- of our existing plants, the Demicks Lake facilities that will continue to ramp up, and then we'll have a little opportunity for Demicks III towards the end of the year. And then you mentioned the ethane opportunity that -- yes, we do have what we would consider a modest level of ethane. If you look at the production growth, that -- just from capturing the flared gas and as these other -- ours and third-party plants ramp up, it's just some math that determines we're going to need to pull some ethane out. So we've got around 25,000 to 40,000 barrels per day of ethane that we believe will come out in '21 and that is a result of the BTU heat content issue on Northern border. Permian and Gulf Coast, we've got the 3 expansions that are coming on between now and the middle of '21 that will provide additional volume growth, and we have a full year of the MB-5 fractionator in '21 as well. So you pull all that together, we see, both our NGL and G&P segments, volume growth continuing to increase, and it's going to be well into double digits.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Kevin, again. I think we -- I believe we have been doing that already in a lot of ways. The previous question about Demicks Lake, that's a great example of a brownfield expansion to where we put it there. And again, we're able to significantly reduce the capital for that capacity. As we think about the fracs, I think we've done that as well. We have clear line of sight to MB-4 being full and significant volumes, if not MB-5 being full. But if you remember, the other thing we've done is we've announced like 65,000 barrels a day of, again, expansions at our existing facilities that our team was able to go find for much less capital than building another greenfield frac. And so that has delayed any discussion of an MB-6 because our team has been able to find those types of debottlenecking and expansion opportunities. So I'd like to thank our team. We've done that. And we -- that's part of our DNA as we think about how we provide the capacity for our customers. And I know you made a comment at the very beginning, I would like to just give you my point of view, and I don't think we have seen slowing producer activity on our acreage, especially when you talk about the Bakken and the Permian. Yes, the Mid-Continent has pulled back, but we haven't seen any slowed activity in the Bakken or Permian at all.
Kevin Burdick: Christine, this is Kevin. I think we believe it's going to be a long-term thing. Because if you think about new capacity, any new capacity that's going to come online in the Bakken, it is highly likely it's going to have a BTU spec on it also because it's not going to have other gas to blend down with like currently is going on Northern border. So at least the various projects that we've looked at and been involved with, all of those contemplate a BTU spec.
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin. Yes, we're looking at the commodity environment very similar to our producers. Really, we focus on the crude side. We don't -- we have reduced our direct commodity exposure so significantly that really it's not that big a deal just when you get into the NGL prices or the nat gas prices. Most of the producers, our customers are telling us they're planning for a $50 crude environment. And therefore, that's the activity levels we're kind of assuming of the activity levels that you're seeing in the Bakken and the Permian in the current landscape. So that's the way we're thinking about it over the next couple of years, which we believe is very consistent with the way our customers are thinking about it.
Kevin Burdick: Michael, it's Kevin. Similar to last year, when we had an even wider range, it really comes down to timing. You look at the number of projects we have -- we're expecting to come online in the first quarter. If we're always looking for ways to pull those back, if those get pulled back and we start realizing the EBITDA sooner, we'd love to do that, but that may pull a little capital that would move you towards the high end. Conversely, if some of these things, if they go the other direction for whatever reason, it could slow down some of the capital spend in '20 that would move you towards the low end. So it's really just going to come down to timing.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Chris, clearly, the -- I mean, the latest number -- we have another month, it was basically flat, maybe a little bit -- our flaring on ours was a little bit less, but we're still in that 300 range. As we look going forward, we -- sorry, there's an echo here that's kind of messing with me. But as we look going forward, the volumes of the flared gas capture will drive -- especially as we move through the early parts of the year, we'll drive that flaring down significantly. But again, with the DUCs, with the rig count that's still running, as we kind of get towards the back half of '20 and going to '21, you still got just straight production growth at the rig counts we're currently seeing and the productivity of the wells being drilled. And then the other -- again, I mentioned earlier that another key volume dynamic for the growth is Bear creek II, that there's going to be some flared gas behind that system because it's geographically isolated. And we fully anticipate, as we get capacity down there, you're going to see some rig movements into that region to drill that area up.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. We look at our system in total. Again, with the exception of Bear Creek, that area, the rest of our system, we look at it in total. And absolutely, we'll see some gas move from, say, Garden Creek to Demicks Lake and from Lonesome Creek to Garden Creek as we optimize our system. We'll push the gas to the plant and the facility that we believe we can get -- do it for the least cost and take advantage of our assets. So you will see some of that go on, but it really doesn't impact ethane recovery. Again, it will be a similar argument or discussion. If we start recovering -- or need to recover a little ethane that will ultimately come down to what the -- how the tariff is worded from a Northern border standpoint if there is a change there and how we want to operate our facilities.
Kevin Burdick: Michael, both segments. It would be a very modest level of increase. It's not a driver. The driver is the Bakken and the Permian.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Danilo, this is Kevin. Yes, we're -- like we mentioned, we're looking at the crude environment in that $50, $55 type environment. Again, we're not that -- the direct commodity exposure we have is very limited, but we're thinking about nat gas prices and NGL prices not out of the -- not significantly different than like we look at the strip over the next year or so.
Kevin Burdick: And Craig, this is Kevin. On the dock, similar as we have been communicating. It's still part of the business we would love to have. It's not something that we think we have to have, but we have a team working it very hard. Again, we're very confident that our barrels will continue to clear. We're not directly -- we don't have the price exposure to determine what the relative that -- or what that real value of the prices are on the Gulf Coast. But we'll keep working that opportunity. When we get the markets -- when I say the markets on the customers that we would be selling to, we have a lot of conversations around the globe with them, at the same time having conversations with people in the Gulf Coast about what are the dock and partnership opportunities there. So we'll keep working those. And when we get it all lined up, that's when we might make an announcement.
Kevin Burdick: Okay. Yes. It would be -- LPGs is where the significant focus is right now. And we're not ignoring the ethane opportunities that may come our way. But I think LPGs are the ones driving the majority of the conversations at this point.
Sheridan Swords: Christine, this is Sheridan. Those are going to come in -- as you'd expect, in the Bakken and in the Permian. And the 6 is pretty much half and half on each one of them. The growth is going to be some plants that will be coming on at the end of 2020 that could either be in 2020 or 2021.
Sheridan Swords: Yes. Christine, we won't see any third-party rail costs in 2020 or we haven't predicted any since Elk Creek coming online, that has been reduced to 0. But the third-party frac will be about the same level it was in 2019 as in 2020 as we get ready for MB-5 coming online.
Sheridan Swords: Well, I'd just say on the storage side that right now, we are in the process of constructing two new storage wells, both are 1.5 million barrels. And we're also putting in a 3.5 million barrel brine pond. So right now, we do see the need to expand our storage facilities, and we are doing it, and those will come up -- one of those will come -- one of those wells will come up this year. The next one will come up next year. So we think that puts us in a very good position on our storage side to be able to handle our growth. And then on the Conway to Belvieu spread, as we said, with the Arbuckle II pipeline coming online, for sure, the spreads are going to be very narrow. And in our 2020 and 2021 guidance, we are predicting a historically low spread or very narrow spread between Conway and Belvieu.
Sheridan Swords: Well, Colton, this is Sheridan. As you said -- we said in our remarks that we will get some of that early in 2021 and then the later will come in later 2021, so we are ramping up that capacity as we go through the year. And if some reason we could slow it down if we needed to. We don't see that happening, but we could. We will get some as we go through the 2021. So we are ramping up the capacity.
Sheridan Swords: Michael, this is Sheridan. We're doing both. We're getting plants -- new plants that are being connected, and we are getting volume off of the existing plants that are going to other pipelines.
Sheridan Swords: Alex, this is Sheridan. We -- with this latest expansion that we announced, we still have a little bit more expansion to do before we can free up one of the pipes to go into an alternative service. We did contemplate making a full expansion of the pipeline to open up the legacy pipe into a different service, but with -- we want to have better clarity and better line of sight into additional volume that we predict will be coming on later before we would go ahead and do the full loop -- complete the full loop of the West Texas pipeline, freeing up the legacy system for a different service.
Charles Kelley: Yes, I guess what I would add, in North Dakota, Michael, is that the -- kind of the interested stakeholders up there between the state, the producers and the processors have been meeting fairly regularly over the last, let's call it, 2 quarters, looking at the current flaring rules, flaring exemptions, how the interested parties can work more closely together to mitigate flaring. And there's some discussion of potentially changing some of these rules going forward, but there's nothing concrete as of yet.
Charles Kelley: Yes. Colton, this is Chuck. What I could say, I mean, obviously, you're going to need residue gas takeaway. We've said before some time in '22, perhaps 2023. We're currently in late-stage negotiations, negotiating a proceeding agreement with the project coming out of the Bakken. We're under an NDA, so we can't go into that any further. However, we believe some time in the next month or two, you should see some information come out publicly.
Charles Kelley: Chris, this is Chuck. So our 2019 outperformance was really driven by the capturing -- or the -- excuse me, the interruptible volumes that we flow. There was great demand particularly in Texas and Oklahoma on our interruptible capacities. But within the Permian Basin, they're being less takeaway capacity alternatives. And certainly, we had a real strong Q3 with very, very good cooling and relative generational load for the heat generating cooling. So that was 2019, the uplift. As you compare it year-over-year, what we did in looking at 2020 guidance, we typically will normalize our spring and summer electric generation loads. So as you look at our midpoint in 2020, we do have some upside in there should there be a repeat of a good strong summer, so our interruptible volumes can help us to the upside. And I might add that, recently, Permian Highway has indicated that they will be delayed until Q1 of 2021. So that potentially presents another opportunity for our Texas intrastates to capture some more interruptible transport services.
