Curtis Dinan: Thanks, John. ONEOK's net income for the second quarter was $41.7 million or $0.39 per diluted share unchanged from second quarter 2009. Consistent with our guidance, ONEOK increased the dividend $0.02 to $0.46 per share for the second quarter 2010. This is the ninth dividend increase since January 2006 and it represents a cumulative 64% increase over that time. We remain committed to our targeted long-term dividend payout ratio of 60-70% of recurring earnings. We have reaffirmed our 2010 financial guidance and continue to expect net income to be on the range of $300 million to $335 million for the year. Rob will provide more details on the drivers of this financial performance in a few minutes. We currently estimate standalone cash flow before changes in working capital to exceed capital expenditures and dividends by $215 million to $250 million. By virtue of ONEOK's general partner interest and significant ownership position, ONEOK received $76 million in distributions from the partnership during the second quarter, a 10% increase from the second quarter of 2009. At the partnerships estimated distribution level as detailed in the 2010 guidance, ONEOK expects to receive approximately $304 million in distributions for 2010, a 9% increase over 2009. At the end of the second quarter and on a standalone basis, ONEOK had no short-term debt outstanding $1.2 billion available on our credit facility, $100 million in cash and cash equivalence and approximately $340 million of natural gas in storage. ONEOK stand alone debt to equity remains 39% below our 50-50 debt to equity target. We currently project short term borrowings to remain below $300 million for the remainder of the year. Our next scheduled debt maturity is not until 2011 when $400 million comes due. ONEOK significant free cash flow and financial flexibility provide us with opportunities to make acquisitions, increase our investment at ONEOK partners, increase future dividends or repurchase shares. Now Rob Martinovich will provide an update on ONEOK's operating performance.
Curtis Dinan: I mean historically we have actually seen it move pretty quick in months. My guess is that I will say that it will would take sometime probably six months to a year probably to see for that impact and the marketplace to settle out. So, 6 to 12 months but you could see some impact immediately.
Curtis Dinan: Mark, there are several things going in. One of the bigger items is what Terry's comments and what my comments were focused on which is the additional capacity that we'll have at Mont Belvieu from this frac only contract that is expiring. That will give us the opportunity to capture some of these wider differentials that we've seen between Conway and Belvieu, which we call our optimization activities and then further down the line, as Terry was describing, we'll see more bundled type of services between our pipelines such as Arbuckle and then volumes going through that frac plan, through that frac at a more current market rate associated with hose volumes. As we described last quarter, this contract was an old legacy contract that was put in place several years ago and was out of market with rates that we're seeing today.
John Gibson: Thank you Rob. Congratulations to you and Pierce, Chuck, Pat on a good quarter. Obviously we're very optimistic about our future. Not only have we delivered on our past promises, we've also developed new and exiting growth projects. Earlier in the year, our 300 to $500 million annual growth spending lacked specificity, at least publically. At midyear, our $1.1 billion in announced projects are well developed, well funded and backed by commitments from key customers. We also continue to be active on the mergers and acquisitions front. If you know our history, you know that almost all of our growth between 1999 and 2005 was the result of acquiring assets allowing us to develop the capability to acquire, integrate and operate those assets along with the disciplines and not overpay for them while taking into account the embedded and sometimes unseen growth potential that many acquisitions present. While we have not completed any transactions lately, we remain active, evaluating most of the assets that come to market and many that don't, looking for the right ones that will create long term value for our customers, our investors and our employees and finally on that point I'd like to thank our more than 4,700 employees whose continued contributions create value for our investors and our customers and I'd like to thank all of them for their commitment, their continued dedication and hardwork. And with that operator, we're now ready to answer any questions.
John Gibson: It's actually a combination of both. The primary, the lion share that volume is from our plant tailgate purchases, if you will, from the processing plants that are connected to our supply infrastructure. We'll purchase those barrels on an index basis if you will or in opus basis less the fee that's -- and then in turn sell those barrels after we purchase them. So, you'll see that volume fluctuate from time to time as the production lose up and down.
John Gibson: Yeah, it could have some impact, I mean, you have, when we do and calculate our supply WACOG. We will factor in barrels that we withdraw, it will be valued at a WACOG and that does affect our cost of goods sold and obviously affect what we reflect in terms of sales.
John Gibson: Well, since it's not our, it is not fractionation capacity that we operate, okay, that will not be reflected as an increase in fractionation volume, okay. Where you will see the impact, you'll see it in the sales and you'll see it in the gathering or transportation throughput, you'll see an increase there. What we intend to do is to move more barrels down our Arbuckle Pipeline to fill this capacity. So, you'll see that increase in volume reflected there.
John Gibson: Let me make sure. Let me just clarify one thing. When this contract, I just want to make sure I'm clear on this, when this contract expires, okay, you will not see a net increase in fractionation volume because we're basically replaced in it, okay. So, you'll see it in these other places that I indicated earlier. Just want to make sure we're all clear on that.
John Gibson: You know, today if we you look through 2010 year-to-date, you're averaging about 88%. That's your petrochemical utilization rate. We've been, at periods of time, well above 95%. Not for a very long periods of time. The question is whether that's sustainable? So, you could see significant demand coming from just increased utilization. Okay? I think there are other places as I indicated in my comments, we're really seeing a potential pop are in Canada and South America, which are markets that we have an advantage or at least at our petrochemical businesses have an advantage at serving. So, as we see that project, that was indicated earlier, out of the Bakken that goes north to sort of petrochemical facilities in Canada is a great example of petrochemical facilities needing more product and we're going to step up and make commitments necessary to do that.
John Gibson: Andrew, we see this, as we've indicated in our releases, been in the 5 to 7 times EBITDA, typical and consistent with some of our past projects as well.
John Gibson: Right, so part of this - part of the answer gets to the point Terry was making about, this NGL glut, this perception of a NGL glut, not taking to account the decline rates that we're seeing, but Terry probably can provide a bit more color to that. 
John Gibson: That problem is setup to take care of itself with a contract exploration and a 60,000 barrel a day contract with target and we will also take care of part of that problem when we expand the Bushton fractionator, so the unique position is of course having the gathering, the fractionation and the transportation, whether it be on raw or whether it's on finished product and balancing all those pieces together, that's what gives us the advantage of finding the most economical way to expand the system to provide the best service at the lowest cost to the producer.
John Gibson: What it obviously does is also us to frac more barrels in Belvieu that we are frac at Conway which puts more finished product to Belvieu than at Conway which should reduce the basis.
John Gibson: Yeah right, those link back to my comments about wanting to make sure those incremental barrels in the Rockies came to our infrastructure in the mid-continent so it should not and the reason we wanted that is as those are our 100% owned assets so yes the money we make off of Overland Pass is less than the money make off of our fractionation gathering and transportation.
John Gibson: Yeah, Curtis, I think the only thing I would add to that, which I think you really kind of already touched on is in our gathering and processing segment for our volumes, particularly in the Bakken Shale and in the Woodford Shale in Oklahoma. Those volumes continue to ramp up. So we have an expectation to realize some significant volume growth in the second half.
John Gibson: It starts this year. It starts with the answer about; on the Bakken pipeline more than 50% of those barrels headed to Overland Pass are going to be barrels that come out of our own 100% owned processing plants.
John Gibson: No, we've not announced anything with respect to frac, building a frac or expanding a frac next year.
John Gibson: Well, it's going to go into a number of places. Let me just start at the top of the list. Obviously, some barrels will go into the Conway marketplace and be consumed. Some barrels will windup in the upper Midwest through our North System. And then some of the barrels will windup going through our purity products pipelines after their fractionated down to the Gulf Coast and then some of the barrels then again will move down the raw feed some of it will move in raw feed again our Arbuckle Pipeline to access the Gulf Coast. So it's going to be twin placed in a number of places, not any one particular spot.
John Gibson: Well, it's coal bed methane gas, which once it gets established, once you get in the out years, it goes relatively flat but until you get to that point in time you will see some fairly steep declines early. Drilling activity has been very mild and it's primarily the gas net back, after you net back all costs. You're below a level that producers are still comfortable drilling in that region. There's no btu bump up, there's no processing. A gas is -- actually there is some it below that a [1000] btu per cubic foot. So there's not a whole lot of extra Gs like we have in these NGL-rich Shale plays.
John Gibson: I would say -- Helen, I would say that we were in various stages in negotiations with these third-parties. I would say we don't have to; we do not have to get all of them secured in order to move forward with this project.
John Gibson: Just a point of clarification, Helen on your first question, from an economic standpoint we can proceed based on our own; we have, as a company not made a decision whether to take -- to do that or not. We still want to see what other shippers are willing to do.
John Gibson: It's being fractionated and there are also volumes yet to come. That is, volumes that are being connected to our system in the interim period.
Terry Spencer: Sure John. We have our mid-continent infrastructure connected to these distribution pipelines okay, like our Sterling pipeline system for example. And we have, what we call our North system pipes where products will move into the Conway market area through those lines to our Sterling pipelines we'll move product into the Mont Belvieu area. But we have another pipe called our North System which is the pipeline system we acquired from Kinder Morgan couple of years back where we moved products to the Midwest. Okay and we move normal butanes and we move propane and so that pipeline is creating some of that variability that you're seeing.
Terry Spencer: Well, I think, clearly the potential is there to fill both pipelines relatively quickly. And when I say quickly, I am talking over the next two, three, four years. It's very possible these two pipelines could be filled. When we look at our contracts and the nature of the parties that we are dealing with, we are dealing with the mix. A lot of them are independents; some of them are large independents, some of them had a very extensive acreage position in the Bakken for many, many years. Some of them are new entrants into the play. Okay, so, we've got a mix -- they are actually some, what I would classify, major independents or in there as well. Our contracts are primarily percent of proceeds contracts. They are on dedicated acreage to us and we have a very sizeable dedication position. That's what's making all this possible for us. The contracts will be a mix of term. Some will be long-term, well beyond 10 years. Some will be shorter-term; depending upon what fits the producer. But they will predominantly percent of proceeds contracts.  
Terry Spencer: Yes. In excess of 30% of the throughput we've indicated, that 600,000 barrels a day will be from our own partnership control facilities.
Terry Spencer: I guess my estimation would be once the infrastructure is in place and you can rest assured we are doing everything we can to get it in place as quickly as we can. I think it will narrow or it will tighten I don't know what the right word is, sooner rather than later.
Terry Spencer: We have not disclosed that information either what I can say is that at least initially most of that capacity will be optimization but over the long-term it will move towards a mix of optimization and the bundled fee-based service contracts.
Terry Spencer: This particular pipeline relative to some of the other pipelines we've built, I think from a regulatory perspective, is going to be in pretty good shape. We'll be dealing mostly with wildlife departments. We won't have to do with the Bureau of Land Management like we did on our Overland Pass pipeline which will help us from a timing standpoint.
Terry Spencer: No, we would continue to sell barrels locally. The market is saturated. The local market is relatively saturated. So, we certainly have to move the excess barrels out of there. But we expect for local sales to continue.
Andrew Gundlach - ASB: Good morning. These are all impressive projects. And I am just curious if you could comment John on what you think the rate of return on $713 million at the higher end might achieve.
Andrew Gundlach - ASB: And then with respect to the Sterling and your comments on the potential difficulties to your optimization business, is there pressure to close the Mont Belvieu-Conway gap in the sense that, if you don't do it quickly enough a competitor will do it and make your strategic and business life a little bit more challenging.
Andrew Gundlach - ASB: I would agree with that and that's why I found Sterling to be small, relative to the potential market, I guess you could even imagine 50 or even a 100,000 type of expansion. I don't know, I guess the question here is how much -- If you look over the next three to five years, how much capacity is needed to narrow that differential to a more normal -- to a level that's acceptable from the producers.
Andrew Gundlach - ASB: I understand, let me just make sure I do understand this, so that 60 that will be available of additional fractionation capacity, will be in effect of volumes that you back out of Conway, use Arbuckle to take down to the Gulf Coast and that will then free up Bushton and Sterling expansion in a sense that there is some double counting so to speak is that am I understanding it correctly? We can do it offline if you want it.
Rob Martinovich: Always, that's an indication of a widening -- consistently wide bases is an indications that infrastructure needs to be built, service needs to be provided, so that's -- if you look at every pipeline that we've build and particularly as it relates to the NGLPs, that's exactly what we've done and why we've done it, so not only were we looking into expanding -- heavily announced that we were expanding Sterling but we continue to look at our existing infrastructure. Between those two points and opportunities to expand because we are the -- best situated to provide that expansion in industry.
Rob Martinovich: That's correct. And maybe just a quick correction. The 17 excluded any of the integrity management cost that you net off of that. So, 25 would include -- is a net number.
Rob Martinovich: Well, I do. Yes. But what we release publicly will be right around 26 million and so for practical purposes; you can assume a similar amount in the third quarter.
Rob Martinovich: It varied depending upon the class of customer. For our smaller customers, plan A, it went up $2.20 and for plan B customers it went up about -- just a little bit under $7.
