Walter Hulse: Thank you, Pierce. With yesterday's earnings announcement, we once again increased our 2021 financial guidance expectations and narrowed our ranges. We now expect net Income of $1.43 billion to $1.55 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $3.325 billion to $3.425 billion with a midpoint of $3.375 billion. This represents a 10% increase in our net income and EPS guidance midpoints and a 5% increase in our adjusted EBITDA midpoint compared with our previous guidance. Our higher expectations are driven by continued volume strength in the Rocky Mountain region and Permian Basin, increased demand for natural gas storage and transportation, and higher commodity prices. Our 2021 capital expenditures are expected to be closer to the higher-end of our guidance range of $525 million to $675 million as a result of increased producer activity and project timing. We continually work with our customers to evaluate their future capacity needs and supply expectations, and we'll align our projects and capital investment with those needs. Our outlook for growth in 2022 continues to strengthen, driven by increasing producer activity and rising gas to oil ratio in the Williston Basin, along with the recent completion of our Bear Creek plant expansion. Additionally, new ethane demand from new and expanding petrochemical facilities is expected to come online before the end of the year. Kevin will provide more detail on each of these shortly. Now for a brief overview of our third quarter performance. One of third quarter 2021 net income totaled $392 million or $0.88 per share. A 26% increase compared with the third quarter 2020, and a 15% increase compared with the prior quarter. Third-quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $865 million dollars, a 16% increase year-over-year and an 8% increase compared with the second quarter of 2021. Our September 30 net debt to EBITDA on an annualized run-rate basis was 4.0 times, and we have line of sight to be in sub 4 times in the near future. We ended the third quarter with no borrowings outstanding on our $2.5 billion credit facility, and nearly $225 million of cash on the Balance Sheet. We continue to proactively manage our Balance Sheet and upcoming debt maturities. Earlier this week, we redeemed the remaining $536 million of senior notes to February 2022. Our next debt maturity is not until October of 2022. In October, the Board of Directors declared a dividend of C/93.5 or $3.74 per share on an annualized basis, unchanged from the previous quarter. I will now turn the call over to Kevin for an operational update.
Walter Hulse: Sure, Shneur. This is Walt. We are very pleased to have achieved that. 4.0 here in the third quarter. We want to continue to see that trend lower and so we're not going to stop looking for that debt rejects section and then improving debt to EBITDA ratio. The other thing with free cash flow is it gives us the opportunity to invest in our capital growth as we go forward, utilizing free cash flow and not having to finance. Obviously as we get further and further along into the reduction, our options open up. But at the moment we're focused on debt reduction and using our free cash flow for high return projects.
Walter Hulse: Jeremy, this is Walt. I think when we laid it out in the first quarter, our guidance at that point was 3.050. Obviously, with the strength that we've seen build throughout the year, we already achieved what was out there at that point in time. What I would comment on is that quarter-to-quarter, we have seen everything strengthened in our business, whether it'd be producer activity, commodity prices. So all of the trends are headed the right direction. We think that we're going into '22 with very good tailwind, and we will give you our '22 guidance in February.
Walter Hulse: Well, the rest of the alternative minimum tax and there's still quite a few moving parts right now. If it is enacted, it's unclear at this point how it will interplay with bonus depreciation, which is in place for the next several years and has been in place. It's unclear how it will interplay with the interest limitations that are already in place on the NOL utilization. And also the a billion-dollar threshold maybe increasing making the whole conversation somewhat irrelevant. So we're on top of it. We've got a team that as watching the developments there and we will continue to do that. But at the end of the day, even in its worst case, we wouldn't see it changing our progress on deleveraging or being able to fund our capex going forward.
Walter Hulse: Well, I mean, we've said before that aspirationally we'd like to head towards 3,5 and maybe even a little bit lower, but I think we're going to see opportunities going forward. The EBITDA levels that we're at, a [Indiscernible] there's a whole lot of money to invest. So we think we've got meaningful room there to continue to invest in great projects and still see our deleveraging trend downwards towards that aspirational target of around 3.5 times.
Walter Hulse: No, I think that's exactly right. We -- as we see these earnings grow, the Board will continue to evaluate all those opportunities and [Indiscernible] getting back to it. We have more attractive returns and high multiple projects then we are going to want to focus our capital. And if that isn't the big case, then obviously looking at other forms of capital return to shareholders is something we'll have to evaluate.
Kevin Burdick: Sure. This is Kevin. I think there's multiple answers in that question. 1. When we think about tailwinds into '22, I really go more towards the activity levels we're seeing in the Bakken with the rigs, with the DUC Inventory, with the rising GORs. We're seeing really nice activity in volume growth in the Permian. So I kind of point to that core volume growth. In addition to that, you've got, like I said in the remarks, ethane demand coming on the system, which could drive additional ethane recovery as we think about 2022. So that's where I think the tailwinds are. But to your -- you ask a question there about inflators on our contracts. In our NGO segment and our G&P segment, the vast majority of our contracts do have escalators on the fee rates. So we're covered as we think about inflation and other things like that, so those contracts are covered.
Kevin Burdick: Jean Ann, this is Kevin, I'll chuck and chime in as well but I think what you saw going on through the summer is you had several outages at facilities. We've talked about some of the facilities we had down and while the majority of the cases producers are then curtailing that volume, sometimes you'll see a little tick up in flaring. And the same with some I know third-party plants that were going through some expansions and other maintenance activities during the summer. I don't think that's a trend. I think it's going to trend back the other way as we get into what I'd consider more normal operational run rates for these facilities. The conversations we're having with all our customers up there and I'm sure third-parties are the same way. The target discussion is 0. It's not the state targets anymore. So we are working with our customers for sure on how we drive that number as close to 0 as we possibly can, as it relates to the timing of our facilities, as it relates to how they're bringing on large pads, etc. I would expect that to turn around as we get these facilities up and going.
Kevin Burdick: Michael, it's Kevin I think if you look at the total Basin, yes, it's nice to see the uptick in rigs. I know there's been a couple of producers that have come out pretty strongly and announced increases in production in the Mid-Continent, especially from a gas and NGL perspective. The way we kind of look at it is A, we focus on the total rigs because with our NGL position across that basin where we're connected to about every plant, chances are if a rig shows up in the mid-continent, the NGL s are coming to us. So that's a tailwind. While we may not have a lot of those rigs running on our dedicated acreage in G&P, we do have a couple. We've completed some wells and that's a nice -- again, we continue to talk to our customers and if we see these types of prices sustain, I think you could see some more activity in the mid-continent.
Kevin Burdick: Tristan, this is Kevin. I'm not going to give you a number because that will flow with or as we provide you guidance on early next year. But the way we think about capital, we're constantly evaluating what our customers needs are and what our capacities are. So rather we're talking about processing, gathering, and/or processing need and the Bakken frac capacity needs in Bellevue. Other pipeline needs maybe on West Texas, we're evaluating all of the information from our customers about what they're plans are as we move into '22 and then factoring that in. So the great position we're in, as you mentioned, Elk Creek, but even should we need additional frac capacity, like an MB-5 to restart that paused project, we've already spent a significant amount of that money.  So both the additional capital we would need to provide that capacity, as well as the time we would need to deliver the capacity, we're in really good shape because we might only need say, 12 months to 18 months to finish out a frac. And pipeline we've already got pipe ordered and bought, so we don't have that exposure. So these projects that could come back or are in really good shape to -- we don't have to spend a lot of money and we can do them relatively quickly.
Kevin Burdick: Craig, that's -- I mean, you've hit on the tailwinds we've talked about. I mean, if you're north of 30 rigs in the Basin, absolutely, we believe that's enough to grow gas production across the entire Basin. And so that's not only going to benefit us from a G&P perspective, but all the third-party connections that Sheridan has on the NGL side, we're going to benefit from growth there as well. We're in great shape because we've still got, I think like 125,000 barrels a day of capacity on Elk Creek or on our NGL systems coming out of the Basin. So again, we don't have to spend a lot of capital to capture that EBITDA.
Kevin Burdick: Well, I think the gives and takes or as you're probably going to predict will say, is we always know there's weather we have to deal with in North Dakota. And so if you get a calm early winter then yeah, I think that could provide some upside. We do have a lot of well connects forecasted in the last couple of months of the year. And that's what producers are telling us. But if you get some weather, could those be delayed? Potentially saw, but I think the key is we have this arbitrary cutoffs at December 31. Well, the well connects are going to get done rather it's in on December 15th or January 15th. So as we think if we back up and look at the trends over the next several months, clearly we've got optimism of where we're going to be. But I think, yes, you've hit on there. I think there's some upside as well with both volumes, if these wells come online like we think, and as well as the ethane recovery option that would be a positive upside for us in the fourth quarter.
Kevin Burdick: I think you'll see the DUC Inventory continue to work down a little bit. Those will occur, I guess call it simultaneously. You'll look at the completion crews and at 10 completion crews I think you will -- and the number of rigs running, I think you'll work the inventory down. It'll be a little slower. But the more rigs you have, the more working -- you'll get down to a working inventory level at some point where the producer likes to keep a certain level so that they don't ever want a completion crew to be waiting on a well to complete. So I think you'll see it stabilize, but I do think you're going to have a period of time here for the next several months, where you're going to have both the DUC Inventory getting worked down, as well as these new rigs churning out new wells.
Sheridan Swords: Christine, this is Sheridan. What I would tell you is, when we look at the opportunity to incentivize ethane, we look at what we could sell gas at for at the gas plant, not at been juror. We look at what's going on in the marketplace, what the market is offering us for gas price at the plant, and then we buy it. If we choose to incentivize that, we buy the ethane at that price or slightly better than that price to go in. So you can't really use Ventura or ACO. You have to look and see what is happening at the gas plant at the time. In terms of volume, we -- as we said in remarks, we did incentivize more ethane in the third quarter than we did in the second quarter. At this time, we're not going to give you an idea how much more, but we did incentivize more in the third quarter.
Sheridan Swords: Yes. Especially as volumes grow in the basin and grow on our -- in our G and P segment, we do have an opportunity to incentivize more ethane. But as I said in previous, we look at what's going on in the marketplace, whether the prices are an all basis, to see how much we think is the right amount of ethane to bring out. So we don't push other basins that we have operations into rejection.
Sheridan Swords: What I would say there is still a very strong spread between ethane and ethylene. And so it looks like the crackers have plenty of room to continue to run. Now with the new crackers run at full rate, we think they will, but they need to run it more. Ethane needs to be crack today than has been because of that wide ethane to ethylene spreads. So we see good volume going forward. And then you couple that with the exports that are coming online, we expect stronger export demand in 2022 than we've seen. in 2021, specially as additional crackers come on in China.
Sheridan Swords: This is Sheridan. What I'd say, there's two things that drove the rise in the average CNF fee in the Mid-Continent. You mentioned one of them, which as we saw a wider spread between OG2 and Bellevue ethane and factors. And one of the months in the quarter, we didn't incentivize -- didn't have to incentivize any ethane. Now that came out naturally. The other thing, we also saw an uptick in our C3 plus volume, which gets a higher rate than the ethane volume through it. A lot of our plants have split tier rate for ethane and C3 plus. so it -- both of those contributed to the higher rate.
Sheridan Swords: Yes, this is Sheridan. You're exactly right. We think there's an opportunity both. And obviously, if we had the wider the ethane to natural grass spread gets, the more we can capture of that spreads. And so the incentive is less. And also as volume continues to increase in the Bakken and potentially in the mid-continent, we also have the opportunity to bring even more ethane out. So you're exactly -- you're thinking about it right. There's a double benefit going into 2022.
