Curtis Dinan: Thanks, John and good morning, everyone. John has already provided a high level summary of the drivers and the partnerships first quarter results and Terry will provide additional detail in a moment. My remarks will focus on the financial results and our expectations. In the first quarter ONEOK Partners reported net income of $84 million or $0.57 per unit compared with last year’s first quarter net income of $100 million or $0.85 per unit. Distributable cash flow in the first quarter was $122 million compared with $135 million in the first quarter 2009. For the first quarter 2010 the partnership increased the distribution one penny to $1.11 per unit representing an annualized rate of $4.44 per unit. This is the fourteenth distribution increase since ONEOK become sole general partner and it represents a cumulative 40% increase over that time. Pending board approval, the partnership is on track to increase the distribution one penny per quarter for the remainder of the year. We reaffirm the partnerships 2010 guidance and expect net income to be in the range of $450 to $490 for the year and estimate that partnerships 2010 distributable cash flow to be in range of $580 to $620 million. Based on the equity offering that we completed in February, we anticipate an average of 101.4 million units outstanding for 2010. Capital expenditure for the partnership are expected to be approximately $362 million comprised of $278 million in growth capital and $84 million in maintenance capital. While growth capital expenditures were adjusted between the various businesses segments to accommodate the timing of certain projects associated with our recently announced expansions in the Bakken and Woodford Shale plays. The total amount of capital expenditures remains unchanged. We have identified additional growth projects for 2010 that we likely resulted an increase in our projected capital expenditures during the year and we will provide an updated forecast when appropriate. We have hedges in place to lock in margins on our expected equity volumes in the partnership’s natural gas gathering and processing segment, which has the most sensitivity to commodity price changes. For the remainder of 2010, we have hedged 70% of our expected NGL and condensate equity volumes at an average price of $1.22 per gallon and 81% of our expected natural gas equity volumes at $5.60 per MMBtu. For 2011, approximately 16% of our expected NGL and condensate equity volumes are hedged at an average price of $1.65 per gallon and 43% of our expected natural gas equity volumes are hedged at $6.29 per MMBtu. As is our practice, we continually monitor the commodity markets and will place additional hedges as conditions warrant to mitigate our overall risk. At the end of the first quarter, the partnership maintained a strong balance sheet with $310 million of debt outstanding and $558 million available under our $1 billion revolving credit agreement, and the partnerships total debt-to-capital ratio was 51%.  The partnership’s next long-term debt maturities are very manageable $250 million due this June, which we expect to refinance with our short-term revolver and another $225 million due in 2011. As I mentioned earlier, we completed an equity offering of approximately $5.5 million common units during the quarter, generating net proceeds of approximately $323 million that was used to reduce the amount outstanding on our $1 billion revolving credit agreement. At this time, the partnership does not anticipate any additional financing needs this year, but we will continue to monitor the capital markets and take advantage of opportunities as they are presented. Now, Terry Spencer will provide you with an overview of the operating performance of the partnership.
Curtis Dinan: Thanks, John. ONEOK's net income for the first quarter was $155 million or $1.44 per diluted share compared with last year's first quarter net income of $122 million or $1.16 per diluted share. We have reframed our 2010 financial guidance and continue to expect net income to be in the range of 300 million to $335 million for the year. Rob, will provide more details on the drivers of this financial performance in a few minutes. ONEOK’s first quarter 2010 standalone free cash flow before changes in working capital exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by $204 million. We currently estimate standalone free cash flow before changes in working capital to exceed capital expenditures and dividends by $200 million to $235 million; this is higher than our original forecast of $135 million to $170 million due to higher than previously forecast, accelerated tax depreciation deductions, resulting and lower income tax payments in 2010. The midpoint of our standalone cash flow before changes in working capital is $650 million compared with our previous estimate of $584 million. By virtue ONEOK’s general partners interest and significant ownership position, ONEOK received $73 million in distribution from the partnership during the first quarter, a 6% increase from 2009. At the partnerships estimated distribution level as detailed in the 2010 guidance. ONEOK expect to receive approximately $304 million in distribution for 2010, a 9% increase over 2009. At the end of the first quarter and on a standalone basis we had no commercial paper outstanding $1.2 billion available on our credit facility, $162 million in cash and cash equivalents and $178 million of natural gas and storage. As natural gas was full from storage during the quarter ONEOK’s standalone debt-to-equity was reduced 39% from 46% and as below our 50-50 debt-to-equity target. We currently project short-term borrowings to remain below $400 million for the remainder of the year. Our next scheduled debt maturity is not until 2011, when $400 million comes due. ONEOK's significant free cash flow and financial flexibility provide us with opportunities to make strategic acquisitions, increased our investment in ONEOK Partners, increase future dividends or repurchase shares.  Pending board approval, ONEOK is on track to increase the dividend $0.02 per share semi annually during the year. Building on the first quarter dividend of $0.44 per share. We remain committed to our targeted long-term dividend payout ratio of 60% to 70% of recurring earnings, due to the stability of earnings and cash flows from all of our business segments.  Now, Rob Martinovich will provide an update on ONEOK’s operating performance.
Curtis Dinan: It’s a little bit like our gathering and processing business and that we serve to and we’re successful on reducing our people exposure, because of our point of view on gas prices, royalty accrue one might argue that we might miss that one, but anyway we will always keep some portion of our fractionation in pipeline system available for optimization. I mean I think that is one of the embedded option that exists in our assets. We will keep that open until the market no longer until the market values the fee-based arrangement to such an extent the opportunity cost to driving that incremental space go the economic work in that favor.
Curtis Dinan: I mean very hesitant to disclose those comments percentages because, there are other people who will listen this phone call then you. So I think it's fair to say that your part A and part B are the right questions and the amount that we withhold is depended upon the value we can create with that space relative to our next alternative, which is to do the exchange service bundled service. Let's go through and identify how much we’re willing to keep it. I mean that's a lot of competitive information. I think that’s the best thing that I suggest you do with is look at that one slide we present every time we go out where we do the breakdown of margins. You can see how much of our margin comes from optimization, it’s not volume driven as much as it is capacity driven as much as it is by what the market gives you.
John Gibson: Thank you, Terry, congratulations on great quarter. At this time Curtis will provide us some detailed look into ONEOK, its financial performance and then Rob Martinovich will follow; will provide a review ONEOKs’ operating performance Curtis.
John Gibson: Thank you, Rob and also I’d like to acknowledge to have McDonie and Pierce Norton for obviously, two very strong quarters from two segments. Thank you very much. As you just heard, we had solid first quarter operating performance and we’re on track to deliver another strong year. We will continue to focus on growth opportunities not just the ones that we recently announced, but others that find themselves in various stages of development and as we’ve done in the past, we’ll announce those projects when we have the foreign customer commitments in place. Finally, as Curtis pointed out ONEOK’s balance sheet strength significant free cash and financial flexibility provide us, where with all to continue to make strategic investments that will and do create value for our investors. So at this time I’d like to thank our more than 4700 employees here in ONEOK, who is daily commitment and contributions make it possible for us to create value for our investors and for our customers. So many thanks to all of them for their dedication and continued hard work. At this point, we are ready to answer any questions that you might have.
John Gibson: Let me try to explain at this way and then Terry can fill in some details and areas that I miss. If you think of it from a simple standpoint and if you could digitalize a pie chart, you’ve got one large area in that pie chart that whether explanation capacity or pipeline capacity is used for the purpose that providing fee-based exchange services to our customers and then you have another piece of that pie chart that is available for optimization, its capacity that it’s not consumed by or needed for that fee-based margin that so to speak, the exchange contracts. What has occurred and the reason is short term normally is that as we looked at our contract portfolio inside the NGL segment. As Terry mention in this comments, we had a number of fractionation only type contracts. They were consuming space if you will in that fee-based area and also we had volume associated with the exchange contracts and that volumes has come our system that faster way than we anticipated. As also Terry pointed out, we’re at new capacity already on Overland Pass Pipeline and so the amount of space in the smaller section of the part is available to optimize is strong royalty to year ago because we had more balls coming under the fee-based structure, now the auction like candidly was and could have been to back out our fee-based customers and utilize that space to optimize price product differentials and location differentials, but that’s not the way we do business. So what happens is we work these contracts out that we’ve identified and have been identified for sometime and then that space returns for optimization, but clearly it’s quite simply and exchange or an opportunity cost issue relative to doing your fee-based business versus what’s available for optimization. Does that give you, I mean -- do you want, Terry to give you more detail.
John Gibson: Becca, this is John. We don’t give quarterly guidance -- this to my knowledge. Obviously, if where we are today and we affirm where we are going to be at the end of the year. Over the next three quarters, we’re going to have pluses and minuses that don’t add up to a big number, so yes.
John Gibson: Not always true, that is not always true statement. In another way, which are another high level way of understanding what this segment is incurring as if you use the analogy of trunk transport versus interruptible transport. You enter into contracts which provide you a farm obligation to deliver and that space is not being utilized by those farm customers, you’re able to optimize or use under interruptible basis. As we look forward to this year, we did not expect as higher level of throughput for both pipeline and fractionation capacity. We have found that our customers under firm transport if you have used more other space than we anticipated. In anticipation of that build in throughput, we had already identified certain contracts that needed to be terminated. Because of the build up, we just have less space available to optimize. Now not always is the optimization margin going to be greater than the margin we collect on our exchange services. That all is depended upon the market is just like in our gathering and processing business. We’ve hedged our gas prices and our liquids prices one could argue that we shouldn't have hedged our liquids prices, but we have in the same thing is true here, we entered into these fee-based firm contracts and because of the volume has picked up little faster than we anticipated and we put our plan together that has diminished our ability to optimize. So let me ask Terry to put his slant on this.
John Gibson: In the phenomena of these legacy contracts is not a reflection on the previous owner, it’s a reflection of the market much like what you see today with type fractionation capacity, completely different market then when these contracts were entered into. So these are just contracts that have to work away out by our system, because the market is stronger. Sot one of the reasons the market stronger is, because throughputs going up and the throughput we make a lot of money serving our customers under fee-based contracts and that’s where this optimization volume by our choice is being used is to facile those obligations to our firm customers. Stay with us until you clear.
John Gibson: Yes, Jonathan when you stopped think about it and we've made this comment as many of our conferences and have made the same remark over the last several years. Our Energy Services business is primarily focused on serving utilities therefore our earning pattern at Energy Services has and will follow the earnings pattern of the utility and if you look at our utilities, and other utilities they tend to make most of their earnings in the first quarter and the fourth quarter and in many cases lose money in the second and third. So, because our customers are utilities predominantly that segment is going to follow that earnings pattern, which is the comment Rob was alluding to.
John Gibson: It’s a good difference and again we have publicly stated our intention is reducing the volatility, annual earnings in the segment. So certainly $100 million a quarter does not mean $400 million a year; and I’ve explained our pattern going forward as it has been in the past is going to be higher one and four than in two and three, but what is different going forward is also as we have said many times before, as we’ve hedged a higher percentage of our margins relative to storage and transport that we have in the past. A couple of years ago, while we were executing the strategy, we went into the winter and we typically in Energy Services this is went into the winter, which is the fourth quarter with over hedges on our natural gas volumes in other people’s storage field, because we felt that gas prices were going to increase during the winter months and that was a pretty safe opportunity. The reality is that doesn’t always happen, which we learned a couple of year ago. So what you’re seeing this year is going to be more typical to what you’re going to see in the future, and that is front end loaded, and as Rob pointed out in his remarks, when we see opportunities to do exactly the same thing we did in ’09 for ’10. If we see those opportunities in ’10 for ’11 and ‘11 and ’12 et cetera, et cetera, we’re going to take advantage of those and remove that opportunity for earnings volatility. So it’s fair to say fourth quarter is going to be higher than second and third, but I would not to say that it’s going to be the same or relatively close to be the same, because of the fact that we’ve hedge such a high percentage of our Energy Services business, which is why we are reaffirming the segment’s earnings at 107.
John Gibson: No, it not. All we're saying is that, we can fund all identified and disclosed projects with our approved capital budget as those future opportunities develop based on when they develop will be back in front of our board for additional capital, but we don’t anything on the horizon that would cost us to have to issue equity worked at to fund any of these potential project. So let’s see how this develops and then we’ll be back in front of our Board.
John Gibson: One another thing I like to one comment about optimization today there is an opportunity to make dollars and more not making them because this opportunity cost issue but optimization is not always in the money. So it is optimization it’s an option that exist, it’s in embedded option that exist in asset. So want to be clear that’s why this, if you look historically at the percent or margin it comes from this bucket that’s why sometimes it’s in, and sometimes it’s out.
Terry Spencer: Sure, Steve. The contracts structures had evolved due to the hard demand. We’re seeing and gathering and processing business NGLs of minimum volume requirements. The producers are agreeable to commit to a minimum volume for an exchange for us building infrastructure and making capital investments. On the NGL side of the business, we’re seeing farm-to-fork contracts, as farm transportation contracts went historically in this business, such things did not exist. So you are seeing a level of farm becoming very prevalent in both this gathering and processing and in the NGL segment.
Terry Spencer: Ted, to answer your first question, we’re installing $100 million a day process in plan, that's going to effectively double our current throughput and production. So we have an existing plan at there, its $100 million a day. So that can give you a pretty good indication of where we see production growth going. We could conceivably if current drilling rates continue and they’re actually continue to trend up or it could be a possibility of even further expansion; so on a gas front very strong. On the NGL front, most of liquids there -- actually all the liquids there they serve the local markets, so as well as they railed out to other market areas. So there is no pipeline, it serves that region and clearly we’re looking at that opportunity as well and talking to other processors and producers in that region for possible commitments.
Terry Spencer: Michael I think, the only thing I could add to John's comment are that in reiterate, is that the contracts that we’re talking about that are expiring, our contracts that occur in Gulf Coast and those are legacy contracts that we entered into many years ago back when the frac market war oversupplied that is there was more frac capacity that there was a need. So the rates at that time were very low under those contracts. So it’s not a bad thing that those things expire. So and were frac-only contracts, so there are no other services bundled, they want the tax too or connected with other services or pipeline and gathering services that we provide. So their standalone frac contracts, those customers will move on and obtain those services from others; and we’ll be better prepared to not only optimize that capacity or use it in our optimization, but continue to serve our long-term for service customers.
Terry Spencer: Michael that was primarily as a result of the North System, which is included in that number, so the North System we had there record high volumes in the fourth quarter. So that decrease you saw was primarily the result of that.
Terry Spencer: Eve, the way we’re installing this particular plant the site that we’ve selected will have 20 acreages to install another one, this is a skid mounted facility as single train, 100 million of that train, if we need additional capacity we’ll install a twin and we’ll have a good template for doing that if we need to.
Terry Spencer: Not really I mean, you’ll have to build another plant and you have multiple train the benefit of having multiple trains is when you finally hopefully doesn’t happen we’re soon when you finally go the other direction as you start setting train down, it’s better to have multiple trains, because the plants run more efficiently as you set the individual trains down.
Terry Spencer: Yes, I think that’s the biggest impact would be reduced volumes on the note system. I mean and sequentially, some impact from an optimization perspective as well.
Terry Spencer: Jeremy it’s lumpier, it is not ratable, it is lumpier and the quantities we’re talking about are fairly large.
