Terry Spencer: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK. Joining me on today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs; and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas. On today's call, we will discuss, among other topics, ONEOK's third quarter financial and operational performance; our financial guidance increase included with yesterday's earnings announcement; NGL fractionation capacity; and we'll share our progress on our now $6 billion in capital growth program. Our strategy to create value for our stakeholder remains the same with our assets well positioned. In some of the most economic and prolific basins in the United States, we continually find opportunities to serve our customers through long-term fee-based contracts. The NGL and natural gas volume growth we have experienced this year continues to result in high-quality earnings growth attributable to our core business of fee-based services. Our volumes in the Williston Basin and the STACK and SCOOP areas, combined with favorable optimization and marketing activities from our extensive, reliable and integrated NGL network, has resulted in another increase in our 2018 financial guidance. Since our last call, we've announced additional capital growth projects anchored by long-term customer commitments, which include the second expansion of our West Texas LPG pipeline to serve the continued growth in the Permian; another NGL fractionator in the Gulf Coast, MB-5; another processing plant in the Williston Basin, Demicks Lake II; and an expansion of the Arbuckle II pipeline, which has already begun construction. Building off our extensive asset base allows ONEOK to expand at attractive returns, providing clear visibility to strong earnings growth in 2019 and accelerating thereafter. With that, I will now turn the call over to Walt.
Terry Spencer: Thanks, Kevin. This has clearly been a quarter of operational milestones and impressive financial results that underscore the reliability of our employees and our assets and the success of our customers in the basins where we operate. I'm not one who typically focuses on statistical records because we've achieved more than I can count over the years. Our goal, after all, is to create value for our stakeholders and let our track record of capital discipline and performance speak for itself, including doing what we say we're going to do and working hard to improve each and every day. But the milestone Kevin mentioned earlier about reaching 1 billion cubic feet per day of processing in the Williston Basin is one that, I think, speaks volumes about the growth of our operations and the ambition of our employees. Just 8 years ago, we had only one processing plant in the basin. Now we're processing 1 billion cubic feet per day of natural gas and are the primary NGL takeaway provider from the region. The growth between then and now isn't just the story of the Williston Basin, which has been an incredible basin for us, but it's also a reflection of our bigger company story and our continued growth in all the basins where we operate. Our employees have taken a great base of assets across our system and built a fully integrated midstream operation with unique competitive advantages in each basin where we operate. This kind of ingenuity and drive while doing it safely is what our employees thrive on and what has enabled us to announce our long list of growth projects at attractive returns. This couldn't have been accomplished without the hard work and dedication of each and every employee or without the continued support of our long-time investors. To follow up on my closing remarks last quarter, we recently published our 10th corporate sustainability and ESG report, which is available on our website. Stakeholder expectations have continued to increase for the energy industry to operate safely and environmentally responsibly. At ONEOK, our long history of good corporate citizenship is clearly reflected in this report and I'm proud of our progress. Operator, we're now ready for questions.
Terry Spencer: Shneur, this is Terry. We'll be coming out with guidance after the first of the year at some point in time in January. So and as Kevin indicated, all the fundamentals look incredibly strong for us as we think about '19. Certainly, you can't forget about 2020 and 2021, we're doing a lot of things in '19 that set us up for 2020 and 2021 in a big way. So you'll see more as we come out with guidance after the first of the year in terms of what our thoughts are as far as volumes, but - and all the indications we're seeing from all the producers and rig count expectations are all just - are outstanding for '19.
Terry Spencer: So Sheridan, this is Terry. So that 800,000-barrel a day number could be higher number particularly if the feed composition change to a lighter barrel, more ethane.
Terry Spencer: This is Terry. Really no significant impact if Proposition 112 passes. Doesn't look like it's going to pass, it's close. But it doesn't look like it's going to pass. But even if it does, don't expect any significant impact to us, to our business whatsoever.
Terry Spencer: Chris, it's Terry. So what I'll tell you just from our experience the last time the challenge associated with getting the kind of commitments that you need to make these large projects like Bakken Express work very challenging, the things that these producers do are innovative ways - using their ingenuity to find ways to get barrels out of that basin, and Kevin just listed off all those things. An so we've recently talked to some producers in private meetings about this very thing. And they're working on a lot of things, they have a lot of options to get crude out of the basin and we really don't have concerns about crude takeaway, certainly, over the near term and broadly over the long term really.
Terry Spencer: Craig, the only thing I'd add to what Sheridan said is that we've talked about other products, refined products, in particular, terminalling that could make some sense for us. So crude, refined products, LPGs, potentially logistical opportunities serving petrochemicals and refineries, those type of logistical assets could make some sense for us. Certainly, we don't see a lot of them popping up for sales. People covet those assets. But certainly, we're interested in those types of things and particularly bolt-on opportunities. When Sheridan indicated M&A, that's what he's referring to, just when acquiring assets that could make sense. So we're always prospecting through those opportunities, those types of opportunities. So as we think about the LPGs, we think about Mexico, we think about Canada potentially. We're actively pursuing or actually considering or developing opportunities in those spaces. So that's the kind of thing that we're in. And certainly, the export opportunity is something we've been working for years. We like where we are today and we're making progress. And certainly, when we get further down the road or ready to roll that project out, certainly we'll come out. I'd just tell you personally from the export dock standpoint, if we're not announcing something probably in the first half of '19, I'll be disappointed. But again, a lot of things have to happen in order for that to be successful.
Walter Hulse: Thank you, Terry. ONEOK's third quarter operating income totaled $495 million, a 40% increase year-over-year and an 11% increase compared with the second quarter 2018. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA was $650 million, a 26% increase year-over-year and an 8% increase compared with the second quarter 2018. With yesterday's earnings announcement, we increased our 2018 financial guidance for the second time this year, driven by strong financial and volume performance year-to-date and our confidence in the fourth quarter. We increased guidance for net income by 9%, distributable cash flow by 7% and adjusted EBITDA by 5%, all compared with our previous guidance midpoints. Our new adjusted EBITDA midpoint is now $2.47 billion, an increase of $120 million compared with the guidance we announced last quarter and nearly $500 million above our 2017 adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA guidance midpoint for all three business segments also increased with the largest increase of nearly 11% in the natural gas liquids segment. Continued volume growth and strong optimization results drove the $145 million increase in the NGL segment's guidance. And greater-than-expected volume growth and higher average fee rates drove the guidance increase in the gathering and processing segment. With two months left in 2018, we feel confident in our new financial and volume guidance ranges. Kevin will provide additional detail on our revised 2018 volume expectations. During the third quarter, we paid a dividend of $0.825 per share and last week, we announced another 4% increase to $0.855 per share or $3.42 per share on an annualized basis, in line with our previous guidance. The dividend is payable on November 14 to shareholders of record on November 5. At September 30, our debt-to-EBITDA on an annualized run rate basis was 3.4x and 3.78x on a trailing 12-month basis. We generated $133 million of distributable cash flow in excess of dividends paid in the third quarter, a 6% increase compared with the second quarter 2018. For 2018, we expect to generate more than $500 million of distributable cash flow in excess of dividends that we can reinvest in the business to fund our capital growth program. Total distributable cash flow in the quarter was more than $470 million, up 4% from the previous quarter with a healthy dividend coverage of nearly 1.4x. With $1.6 billion of equity issued in 2017 and January 2018, we have satisfied our expected equity needs for our announced capital growth projects through the remainder of 2018. We expect to benefit from increasing cash flows from operations in 2019 and expect any additional equity financing to be considered in the latter part of 2019. This consideration will be based on the timing and amount of capital expenditures. We expect any additional equity financing, if needed, to be limited to issuance under our existing at-the-market equity program. As of now, we have nearly the full capacity of $2.5 billion available on our credit facility. We remain focused on sustaining our strong investment grade balance sheet and having significant liquidity as we construct our capital growth projects. I'll now turn the call over to Kevin for a closer look at each of our business segments.
Walter Hulse: Yes, we continue to see very attractive growth opportunities that are in the range of our capital investments.
Walter Hulse: Well, Michael, what I would say is that with the increased cash flow and the earnings growth that we've had in '18, we've been able to reinvest that money back into the business so it's kept our leverage at a run rate basis right now at 3.4x. So we're sitting pretty good at the end of three quarters and going into '19. We've always said that our longer-term target is to be below 4x and nothing's changed on that. But we've also said that we expected it to creep up in the latter part of '19. The rating agencies have acknowledged that. And so we're going to have to keep an eye on it. But our expectation is that cash flows keep flowing as they are, we'll be in a pretty good spot moving throughout '19. So we're keeping ourselves flexible if we need some equity, but we think there's a good chance that there won't be any equity in '18.
Walter Hulse: It's when you actually sell the barrel that we get. The thing is that we fractionate and store so many barrels on a constant flow basis that they're constantly flowing through there, Christine, and bringing in as much as we do on a daily basis. But we actually recognize the revenue when it is sold. The Barrels are fungible and they're going in and out of storage every day.
Walter Hulse: It wouldn't be recognized until we got it solved. But obviously, if it's purity product we have ability to sell it into the marketplace at any time.
Walter Hulse: Well, I think my answer is going to be the same as I said just before is that our long-range target's 4x and we will edge above that in the latter part of '19. But we're seeing very significant cash flows from the business that we're reinvesting into the business. So we think that if things keep trending that we'll be in a good spot from a balance sheet standpoint. But if we need a little bit of equity, we have the ATM available.
Kevin Burdick: Yes, Danilo, this is Kevin. Again, as I stated in my remarks, it was really just a timing of some of the well completions that we had kind of scheduled out with the producers. We had a little maintenance activity. But I think, as it relates to the STACK and SCOOP, what I'd do is look at the Mid-Continent volumes of NGL. I mean, we have like a 45,000-barrel per day increase sequential quarter-to-quarter for the NGL group, which I think is a broader indication of we still feel very strong about the SCOOP and STACK as well as we've seen the volumes pick up significantly in October in our G&P segment.
Kevin Burdick: Yes, I think we expect - if you see this rig count remain, which we expect and I think you will see volume growth. I mean, getting the Canadian Valley II expansion complete and having that capacity now, you've got some of the pipe constraints with our projects and others that have taken care of some of the residue. So I think you're set for growth as we move through '19 and beyond.
Kevin Burdick: Yes, this is Kevin. I mean, Shneur, you're really talking about from a raw feed perspective, that would be an inventory, yes, that would be effectively unbooked EBITDA.
Kevin Burdick: On that last question, yes, this is Kevin. We would love for that to be the case. I mean, we continue with - the growth in the Bakken continues to be strong. I think a lot of people listened to the call yesterday of one of the large producers up there and they were clearly very bullish when you just look at the returns they're getting on the wells. So absolutely, we don't think we're done. And like we've mentioned, we could expand that pipe with minimal capital by just adding pump stations as we continue to grow our contracted volume. And you're also seeing growth in the Powder River as well, which would feed Elk Creek from that standpoint. So yes, we think that, that's something that we're keeping an eye on of when we might need to expand that.
Kevin Burdick: I mean, without getting into guidance, clearly, when you look at the rates that are in our acreage on the G&P side and you look at the rigs that are ultimately behind our significant positions in the Mid-Con and the Bakken on the NGL side, absolutely, you would expect growth. As we've talked about, some of the pipes are full, but again we definitely believe that core business is going to be in a great position not just in '19 but then as we move through 20 when these assets come in service
Kevin Burdick: We would have - the 20,000 to 30,000 would be on top of both the 800,000 barrels a day that we can frac with our current composition. So the extra 20,000 to 30,000 barrels a day would be on top of that.
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin. Yes, we've got a lot of questions when you have a differential blow out a little bit, that was primarily due to an abnormal amount of refinery maintenance that was occurring in the upper Midwest, you've seen that spread come back in. But as you look forward, clearly you've got an open season out there right now on DAPL. You've got some other expansions being discussed. I mean, clearly, the producer yesterday was in conversations about larger expansions that they think may happen over the next couple of years. And you've also got some rail - a significant amount of rail capacity that used to be in service and now is sitting there. So with the combination of those expansions and the rail capacity, I think, as we talk to customers, they're comfortable that, that's going to absolutely bridge them to the point if you did need another greenfield project to provide additional capacity out.
Kevin Burdick: It's not on our radar at this point. I mean, we're absolutely locked and focused on providing the processing and the NGL takeaway. But you know, long term, we are a big player up there. Is it something we would consider, absolutely.
Sheridan Swords: Yes, this is Sheridan. Yes, that's basically what we do. So most of our bundled services that we provided and how we contract, we go and provide certain amount of capacity to each processing plant, whether it's us or whether it's other people. And we make sure we have the transportation and fractionation capacity available to get that to the pricing point in the contract. And that's when we talked about Arbuckle II. Until Arbuckle II comes up, some of our contracts will stay priced in Conway as we can't physically get that barrel yet to Belvieu. But we look at through our whole system to make sure we're balanced and we don't get out of whack and get into a spot where we are having to buy third-party or buy out of spreads to handle our contracts or commitments.
Sheridan Swords: This is Sheridan. I think what you're seeing happening in the market is obviously storage plays a big place in that. If you can store barrels, for us it could be in Conway or in Belvieu for unfractionated NGL barrels until your fracs step up in '20 and 2021. Also we continue to look at our fracs in very detail to see is there any minor debottlenecking that we can do to eke out 5,000 barrels a day here, 10,000 barrels a day and then look at the different compositions we have. So we have some plans for that as we get into '19, the first quarter of '19, we'll have a little bit of turnarounds to help - allow us to incrementalize and move some of our fracs up in capacity. So I think you're seeing some of those - by all the industry participants continue to look at each one of those. And also we have seen, it's been pointed out in other calls, that there's actually some petrochemical crackers now that are looking at cracking unfractionated raw feed as well, especially when the spot frack market gets as wide as we have seen it, you always then have those participants coming in. So I think all those things are what's going to be needed to get to 2020 or beyond 2020. I still don't think the frac market will - I think the frac market will still be tight in 2020. We need to get through 2021 to really loosen it up or get it back to more normal levels. But everybody is well incentivized to find every creative solution to get a little more frac capacity to do storage, do cracking through our petrochemical facility or increasing your own frac capacity.
Sheridan Swords: I think one of the things we're considering is whether or not, with all the growth we've seen out there and our ability over these last months to be able to contract new volume, which drove our announcement under the expansion out there, that it may be better served to leave it in NGL service. And so that's probably one of the biggest decisions we have is what's the best service and how do we make the most money out of it going forward. Obviously, there's a spread differential in crude out there right now that everybody's trying to get to, but what's the long-term aspect of being able to contract that. So there's lots of different things, but we're talking to people about it, trying to understand how do we make the most money with the assets we have.
Sheridan Swords: Michael, what I'd say about Conway is we stated in Kevin's remark that we have about 60,000 barrels a day of available fractionation capacity. And with our integrated system, we can make that fractionation capacity show up anywhere on our system that we want to as we move raw feed around. But with wide north-south spread, you would say all that fractionation capacity is in Conway because we're taking everything we can to Belvieu. So right now we'd probably say we have 60,000 barrels a day of fractionation capacity in our Conway market. That is above what we're bringing in on gathering. Today, we're using that 60,000 barrels a day to reduce our raw feed in inventory, and we plan on ending the end of this year, end of 2018, with minimal raw feed in inventory to get ready for the ramp-up in volume in '19 and get us to the 2020 MB-4 fractionator.
Sheridan Swords: We sell almost all our barrels every day into the marketplace. We don't take price risk on our barrels, so we're selling our barrels every day into the marketplace.
Sheridan Swords: Those aren't necessarily the same. If we fractionate our y-grade in inventory, we'll sell it into the marketplace. If we decide to keep y-grade in storage, we may still sell it in the marketplace and then sell it forward or something as we go with that. But just because we fractionate more barrels, more barrels in y-grade, doesn't necessarily mean that we have to store that barrels of purity product. We still have the ability to place it into the market.
Sheridan Swords: Well, as our Sterling III expansion comes online, we will be moving - we'll have obligations to move more y-grade into the Mont Belvieu market. Not all of that y-grade that we move into the Mont Belvieu market we'll need to frac because some of the - the main contract that supported the Sterling III expansion was a transport-only barrel. So we still have that obligation to get those barrels into the Mont Belvieu market. But to the extent we have excess capacity on Sterling III and have the frac capacity and Mont Belvieu to frac it, we would increase our optimization.
Sheridan Swords: I think you can maybe able to see 20,000 to 30,000 possibly. A lot of depends on, when you get these higher levels depends, actually on the composition that you have coming into the system. So as we do different things, composition could change, they'll move around. But you could see 20,000 to 30,000 possibly.
Sheridan Swords: Yes. We can frac 840-plus thousand barrels a day as our nameplate if we had the right composition. And especially in the wintertime when you got colder temperatures, we can definitely get above nameplate with the colder temperatures in there. But right now, we still have some ethane being rejected on our systems, so we're still fracking very heavy barrels especially at the Bushton fractionator. So if we get live feed, we will go above that. But we're seeing we're at - at the composition we see today, we can get above 800,000 barrels a day.
Sheridan Swords: Well, 2018 was pretty good. So if 2018 would repeat itself, that would be very good. But we think it will be volatile and - but it won't go back to historical levels or anywhere close to historical levels until we get Arbuckle II up and get more purity capacity in between Conway and Belvieu. But a lot to me depends on what the demand is in Belvieu for our exports on propane and petrochemicals on ethane, overall price, there's a lot of factors that go into that. But what we do know is it that we have volume in Conway that can't get to Belvieu due to pipeline constraints and that won't be allayed to Arbuckle II, which is what leads to a wide north-south spread.
Sheridan Swords: Well, I think on West Texas pipeline, you're seeing a bump up on that because as we brought these new volumes on, they're at-the-market rate, which is much higher than the legacy rate that some of the old volume was on. And some of that old volume has left and so we fill some of the existing volume with higher-market volume. So our average rate is starting to trend up on the West Texas pipeline as we thought it would as we bring on market-based barrels, market price barrels for T&F service. And the Mid-Continent is the same thing, we've been able to contract it at little bit higher rates. As we continue to go forward, we've had some volume decrease on areas like the Barnett Shale and places like that, but some that are smaller volume - smaller-rate volume and we'll put it in STACK and SCOOP, which is higher-rate volume at the Mid-Continent. We're seeing a shift towards the higher-margin volume from the low-margin volume on our system.
Sheridan Swords: I think on the West Texas pipeline over next year and into 2020, you will see a lot of our low-rate volume leave the system in favor of market-based or a more market rate volume. So yes, you could see significant increase in the West Texas LPG system average bundled rate.
Sheridan Swords: I think what we're saying there is when we complete the loops that we're starting on these expansions we've done so far, we'll have a complete system from the Permian to Arbuckle II then we'll use Arbuckle II to get into Mont Belvieu, which will open up the legacy West Texas system for some other service. As we continue to go, we've explored looking at crude and what that looks like. But we're also seeing a lot of opportunity in the NGL services that we may be able to fill, all that we have are capacity we see going forward on this Loop and Arbuckle II and need additional capacity for NGL. So it may be better to leave it in NGL service or it may be better to put it in crude service. But as we go along, we'll make that determination. But it's not a foregone conclusion that we will move it to crude service. We'll move into the right service that makes us the most money.
Sheridan Swords: Well, I think we still would like to look at the crude side of it for sure, it just may not be through this method. There's - obviously, there's other methods to get into that side from different ways starting from gathering or further down the road, it could be M&A further down the road. You don't know. On the export side, we continue to work very hard on the export side and having a lot of meaningful discussions and growing. But when we're ready to announce that one, we'll announce that one when we get everything lined up. So we still see that as opportunity to where we could grow, it just may not be through the West Texas LPG side.
