John Gibson: Thanks Pierce. Now Rob will review ONEOK Partners’ financial performance and then Pierce will review the partnerships’ operating performance as well as the growth projects.
John Gibson: Thank you, Pierce. Now Terry will give us an update on our view of the current and the long-term NGL market.
John Gibson: Thank you, Terry. Before we take your questions, most importantly I’d like to express my thanks to our more than 4,800 employees whose dedication and commitment results in our ability to operate our assets safely reliably and environmentally responsibly everyday and create exceptional value for our investors and customers. Our entire management team appreciates their efforts to make our company successful. So at this time, we are now ready to take questions.
John Gibson: Mark, that was a timing issue, so yes, we would expect those to abate in the fourth quarter.Mark Reichman – Simmons & Company International: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
John Gibson: Well we’ve looked at opportunities like that and we will continue to do so. The ruling of course influences where the assets would be owned i.e., at ONEOK or at ONEOK Partners’ over the long-term but our primarily focus is to make sure that we acquire assets or build assets that make sense. So looking downstream would be a natural extension.Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Great, I appreciate the clarification. Thanks guys.
John Gibson: Yes, no updates and no changes from the Analyst Day from that information that we have out there right now. We’re good with it.
John Gibson: Christine, we really – it’s kind of obvious for competitive reasons. We really don’t want to disclose those percentages or what they’re contracted for or frankly the terms. So I can’t answer that.
John Gibson: That’s really more of your – that the hedges that are put in place, that’s our net realized hedge. And so based on what we realized versus what it was hedged, that’s what drove it from the $1.09 to the $1.10.
John Gibson: I actually do not have that right here in front of me but we could follow-up and get that through Dan [ph].
John Gibson: Refresh my memory is to what.Bernie Colson – Global Hunter Securities: I’m sorry, I thought in the comments that when you talked about the Conway, Mont Belvieu spread declining somewhat that there was some discussion of there potentially being some other optimization activities that are with you utilizing maybe different parts in the barrel or infrastructure or just something that, give us some elaboration.
John Gibson: No, I think that’s – what happened as you go through the summer, you actually – when you get a really heavy barrel primarily in the Williston Basin, this is getting a technical but the ground heats up and actually flashes some of that off, so more of it goes into gas form. So it’s kind of normal for the condensate volumes to fall off during the summer periods.Bernie Colson – Global Hunter Securities: Okay. All right, thank you.
John Gibson: I thought your question to me was the announcement in November, would it change our thought process or the things we would do going forward and it won’t. Obviously what you say is correct but I don’t anticipate us to take any additional or different actions than those we currently contemplate.
John Gibson: Yes, that would be – that’s what we have said. And as Rob alluded to, we will continue to look for opportunities to either issue equity or debt as our financing plans dictate relative to opportunities.
John Gibson: Well that’s the reason we go through the process. So what you’re weighing is the person that’s going to – the shipper that’s going to submit their response to the open season will look at that over a longer term than what the current spread is. So we can’t – I mean the spread today is no indication of what the spread will be five years from now. So the individual shippers have to go through and come up with their own view of what they feel that market value is for that transport.
