Terry Spencer: Yes, I'll just make a couple of general comments and I'll turn it over to Kevin. You know, as far as our contract restructuring effort, the lion share of the contracts or the bulk of what we set out to do in the Williston Basin, that's done. And so don't expect a whole lot more to occur. There's still some work in progress, but don't expect a whole lot more impact from that. The Mid-Continent is just going to continue to be work-in-progress. We have a much larger producer base of, that is, we have a lot more procedures that have much smaller volumes and consequently it takes -- it's a lot more involved in the Mid-Continent than in the Williston, just because of the sheer number of contracts that we're talking about. So that's caught from in a broad sense. Kevin, you've got anything else to add to that.
Terry Spencer: Well, certainly, as we've said in the past, you know, at the partnership, 1.1 to 1.15 longer term is a coverage that you know, it could make some sense for us, potentially higher. But certainly as we've driven the risk out these businesses, we don't have to maintain this quite as big a coverage. But that's kind of how we think about it.
Terry Spencer: Well, certainly we've told you 4.2 times debt to EBITDA ratio is what we're targeting, but we really would like to be sub-4. I mean, ideally that's where we'd like to be. And that's the longer term plan.
Terry Spencer: Christine, what I would say is that we feel that we have enough capacity on our existing pipelines to handle the ethane that's being rejected, but it will push the utilization of those pipelines to pretty high rates. If we get to the opportunity to expand our pipelines, the cheapest expansion is sitting on Sterling 3 and we had said we can take that up 60,000 to 70,000 barrels a day with relatively inexpensive pump stations on there, which would be at a very high multiple to add that kind of space for a very little capital. The other pipelines Arbuckle and the other two Sterling pipelines are fairly expanded with cheap expansion. It would be inter-looping, so it still would be much cheaper than laying a new line but it would be more expensive than what Sterling 3 has. But we think right now we can handle all the ethane that could potentially come out of our system.
Terry Spencer: Christine, I think what would happen is that first thing if ethane prices increase, you're going to run into the other LPGs that can be cracked, especially in the existing cracker. So you're going to hit into propane, butane, and natural gasoline before you get to naptha. So I don't think we'll see in the long term ethane prices approach naptha prices. I think propane and other ones will put a lid on the price of ethane.
Terry Spencer: Christine, what I would say is that these contracts that you're referring are contracts that we have with the processing plants. So it's a bundled service for not just transporting product to Belvieu but also for fractionating it as well. So what we would want to do is always continue to extend those contracts. And if we can get the right prices to take them into Belvieu, we would rather put them on a fee-based business than be open up to the spread between Conway and Belvieu. So if we could, we would contract the whole pipe if we could get it at good rates.
Terry Spencer: Any time we look at the rates when we go out and look at a plant, we look at what the competition is, we look at how are our services that we provide and all that and try to price our services accordingly. So as prices continue improving going into Belvieu, I think there is some opportunity to increase our rates into Belvieu.
Terry Spencer: Most of our contracts, substantial amount of our contracts do not expire until we get into the 2020's. We do have a little bit that expires between now and then, but most of it is in the 2020's.
Terry Spencer: So, a couple of things there. One is as we look at our flaring, keep in mind, there is probably 30 to 40 million behind Bear Creek, so when we bring Bear Creek online, we expect that a chunk, approximately half of that will get put out with that -- as that plant comes up. As for the other, yes, there will always be some level of flaring that occurs, but we do have quite a bit and we’ve got some head room from both our field infrastructure and processing plants. So as new wells come online, I don't know that that would contribute much to the flaring. So I do think we expect that number will go down significantly as we move into the back half of the year once the Bear Creek is up. And yes, when you look at the numbers over the last few months, it does appear that some of the reporting has been conservative for overall -- for total kind of state-wide flaring.
Terry Spencer: Craig, the marketing was down mainly because we had a warm winter and also we had less volume from our marketing department going into refineries. We have already seen that tick back up as we move into the second quarter. The extreme services were down, it's because we had spot volume in the fourth quarter, we had a little bit more ethane rejection in the first quarter, and we had a little seasonal or weather effects also in the first quarter. Volumes that have already rebounded as we move into the second quarter and today our volumes on our gathering systems are at or a little bit above 800,000.
Terry Spencer: So, yes, it is. We do have some back-end loading, in particular in gathering and processing because the Bear Creek plant coming on in the third quarter is going to fetch you there. And you're going to see some back-end loading a bit on the NGL side as well. Sheridan, you got anything to add.
Terry Spencer: Okay. So that's -- again, we had a strong Williston volumes and that's in -- you're referring to the MMBtus and so that's driving that. The gas being much richer coming out of the Williston, so that's what you're seeing there. Our volume profile just at a high level in the Williston is going to be more flattish for the year. So that's the reason you're seeing that.
Terry Spencer: Right and that will open another -- again, that's 40 million a day in cubic feet. So when you're talking about the total, it's not going to move -- it'll move it some. But again, volumes between now and then are going to be flattish and then you'll see a little uptick. And if thing don't -- depending on completions at the end of the year, you could possibly see a minor decline post Bear Creek.
Terry Spencer: Yes, we came in pretty much as expected. I mean, as you would expect, you got some areas that performed a little better than expected and others that weren't quite as good. But overall, this first quarter performance is not a surprise to us and it's certainly consistent with our guidance we provided for the year. Just a bit more specific, in the Williston Basin, we continue to perform extremely well. In the Mid-Continent, we've not performed quite as well but when you look at it on the overall basis, particularly for a G&P segment, we are right on plan, right on our guidance.
Terry Spencer: Well, I think the spread between Conway and Belvieu will be -- move around quite a bit this year, but I don't think we'll see any material substantial increase in that spread until you see the ethane come online which will fill up the pipes between Conway and Belvieu and give you an opportunity for wider spread. So probably more better opportunity in '17.
Sheridan Swords: Well, I think the thing that comes out is even in NGL's we're continuing to change our optimization exposure into fee-based, and we will continue to do that even in widening the spreads. When we say widening spreads, we think that's even a better opportunity to start locking in margins. So as you said, we always want to go to more fee-based and take our commodity exposure out.
Sheridan Swords: Craig, this is Sheridan. The ethane coming out of the Bakken is for purely products specifications that we have downstream. And right now with the ethane we have coming out there now, we are able to manage that situation. As we continue to look forward, we are trying to find the most economical way to extract, to solve this solution in another way, but we're still looking at that. It's capital intensive. So we're still trying to work on with the right solution for that is. In terms of getting more ethane out of the Bakken for uplift there, we see the opportunity is there as increasing ethane prices with the new petrochemical facilities come online is where we think the most opportunity is.
Sheridan Swords: Yes, I mean we do have plants coming online, the Bear Creek plant will add more to the NGL gathering. We have another plant in the Mid-Continent that's coming on. We just had a plant yesterday, start delivering -- a new plant start delivering into the West Texas pipeline asset. So here we are still little bit. We should see growth from here forth.
Sheridan Swords: I think to know that coming out of the first quarter, we always see a little bit of a downturn on our existing plant because of the seasonality in the first quarter. So we ramp up through the year, some of it will be that. But most of it will be from the ramping up of the plants that we connected last year and the new plants that we're connecting this year. We really don't expect any incremental -- any substantial incremental increase in ethane recovery in 2016 in our guidance numbers. So mainly, it's going to be from new plant connections.
Sheridan Swords: John this is Sheridan. I think the best way to explain it is currently today we supply about a third of the ethane demand in the United States. And as you see that demand increase, as you see on page eight, I think that ratio will stay the same. So of that increased demand, we'll be able to see about a third of it on our system.
