Derek Reiners: Thanks, Terry, and good morning. At ONEOK Partners, the natural gas gathering and processing segment’s first quarter 2015 operating income was down compared to the fourth quarter of 2014 primarily due to a decrease of $46 million in lower net realized NGL prices, and a decrease of $8 million due primarily to lower natural gas volumes in the Mid-Continent. We were predominantly un-hedged in the first quarter 2015, as the majority of our hedges are timed for the remaining three quarters. The natural gas liquids segment’s first quarter 2015 operating income was down compared to the fourth quarter 2014 primarily due to a decrease of $18 million due primarily to narrower realized NGL product price differentials and significantly narrower NGL location price differentials. A decrease of $6 million in exchange services margins, which resulted primarily from lower volumes from customers in the Mid-Continent region, caused primarily by customer freeze-offs and gas plant outages, offset partially by increased volumes from recently connected plants in the Williston Basin and lower cost associated with these services, partially offset by an increase of $7 million in transportation margins primarily from new volumes from the Permian Basin transported on the West Texas LPG pipeline system, which were lower than expected due to the impact of well freeze-offs on the system from severely cold weather in the first quarter of 2015. Operating costs increased $4 million, and depreciation and amortization increased $5 million related to the completion of growth projects and the West Texas LPG pipeline system acquisition. The natural gas pipeline segment’s first quarter 2015 operating income was down compared to the fourth quarter of 2014, primarily due to a decrease of $21 million from lower short-term storage services, due to milder weather-related demand and a $5 million gain on the sale of natural gas and storage in the fourth quarter 2014. In March, ONEOK Partners completed an $800 million public offering of senior notes, generating net proceeds of approximately $792 million. It increased the credit facility and commercial paper program to $2.4 billion each from $1.7 billion, and issued approximately 1.7 million units through our aftermarket equity program, generating net proceeds of $71.6 million. At March 31, we had approximately $443 million of common units available for issuance under the $650 million program. We will continue to take a balanced approach and remain disciplined on how we determine our debt and equity needs. Our investment-grade credit rating at the partnership remains very important to us. At ONEOK, $169 million in distributions were declared by ONEOK Partners in the first quarter of 2015, a 16% increase from the same period last year. Cash flow available for dividends for the first quarter was $152 million, providing 1.2 times coverage of the ONEOK dividend. We will continue to make prudent financial decisions that are in the long-term interest of ONEOK and its shareholders. Terry, that concludes my remarks.
Derek Reiners: Yes, Matt, the only thing I would add to is, and we have said this in the past that it is likely that in 2015, we will be issuing some equity, we just haven’t provided specific timing on that.
Derek Reiners: Yes, Ross, this is Derek. And I think both Moody’s and S&P have us at a stable outlook at the moment. Mid-BBB is where we would like to stay. We’ve done some things - obviously, we scaled back capital spending and reduced our distribution growth rate in February, we announced that. So we’ve clearly indicated that we expect to continue to issue some equity along the way to support these investments. So we think all those things are supportive of the credit rating and hopeful that that will allow us to build through this. We see significant volume increase in the back-half of 2015, which we expect will drive our earnings higher and help reduce that leverage as well. So from our point of view, it’s a relatively short-term stretch here, and we think that we get back on top of it later this year.
Derek Reiners: Well, Ross, again, that’s just the capability they have. In our discussions with producers, there’s not a lot of them that are delaying completions due to price. The primary reason that we believe that the backlog is growing as it is like Terry referenced the multi-well pads and waiting until the summer as costs go down as they can drive costs out in their completion process. So, again, we don’t necessarily see that that extension process or that year-long timeframe where they can drill the - or complete the wells is material as we look at our volumes.
Terry Spencer: Yes, Matt, I think, that’s a good question, and it’s certainly something we have to balance. We’ve got stakeholders kind of on both sides of this with debt holders. We mentioned that our investment-grade credit rating is very important to us. Obviously that helps us fuel or finance the growth that we’ve got ahead. But we do have to balance the equity, and we have some flexibility, but we have said many times that our targets are to be 50-50. And so we do expect issue equity along the way.
Terry Spencer: Well, okay, Christine. We are seeing spreads widen as we speak, so we are seeing a pretty good trend here getting established over the last couple of months. We are watching the supply inventory in Conway, particularly for propane. And propane is building quickly there, and obviously, we are at historically high levels. And we are seeing demand for propane continued to be robust down on the export side down on the Gulf Coast. So that’s all contributing to wider spreads. So I don’t know how magical that visibility is, but a lot of that information is readily available. But it’s telling us that spreads are going to go wider. So we do have a view for the balance of the year that we could see propane spreads in that $0.07 to $0.10 of gallon range, which is significantly wider than what we’ve seen in the last couple of quarters.
Terry Spencer: Christine, the only thing I would add to that is that we’ve had some considerable success in restructuring these contracts to more of a fee-based component that is reducing the commodity-sensitive sharing part of the contract and expanding on the fee-based. But we’re also providing added services and flexibility and additional features to those contracts to benefit the customer. So they have been pretty well received. It’s probably not going to be a one size fits all. They all have little - each contract has little nuances and differences depending upon the specific needs of the producer. So we’ve had some good success and expect to continue to have success as we go forward.
Terry Spencer: Well, certainly, Craig, we look at all those things. And what you just mentioned are a number of great levers that we can pull if we feel like we need to. The fact of the matter is this low-coverage environment is not an environment that we expect to persist long-term. So as we have provided plenty of color on this call and how we expect our volumes to increase and our margins to improve and coverages to get better, we expect to grow out of this weak coverage environment. So we are able to do what we need to do at OKS in the immediate future. So really no need for OKE to step in and provide some support at this point in time, although we look at it. Our individual boards - our boards at OKS and our boards at OKE look at their needs separately and make their determinations. And right now, what we’re doing at OKE with our cash, retaining excess cash in this very uncertain environment, we think is prudent and it makes good sense.
Terry Spencer: You bet. We’ve got a unique situation up there in the Williston, and we are working hard to take care of our customers.
Terry Spencer: Exactly. And I don’t think we’ve had a single contributor to a change in any past molecular breakdown. I think it stayed fairly consistent. If you normalize for the condensate, you normalize for the ethane rejection, I think our core volumes have stayed fairly constant. And you guys, correct me if I’m wrong.
Terry Spencer: Actually, I think, Chris, it actually ramps up as you move through the last three quarters. Okay, so you will have increasing hedged positions as move throughout the balance of the year.
Terry Spencer: It has, actually. We’ve seen ethane rejection volumes in the first quarter. We were about 160,000, 165,000 barrels a day. And today, as we speak in April, if we took a snapshot, we’d see about 190,000 barrels per day. So we have seen it increase though.
Terry Spencer: Primarily, it would be Mid-Continent and West Texas. I mean - Sheridan, you got anything? Go ahead and add something.
Terry Spencer: Well, actually, I think - from a NGL perspective, Eric, we provided some transparency in my remarks, and that will help you a lot in terms of that basis. And we provided specific transportation and fractionation rates from the Bakken, from the Mid-Continent, and West Texas. That can help you allocate that basis, if you will, back to the NGL barrel.
Terry Spencer: Thank you for joining us. Our quiet period for the second quarter starts when we close our books in early July and extends into earnings are released after the market closes on August 4, followed by our conference call on August 5. We will provide details on the conference call at a later date. Thank you for joining us.
Kevin Burdick: Yes, Matt, we - the way we view that is we talk our producers. Yes, there is that year requirement where they complete the wells from when they drill it. There is an extension process, though, that is relatively easy to get from the standpoint. So we have had some producers say, yes, they will complete within a year, but then others, if they do need to get an extension, they can do that.
Kevin Burdick: No, we - I don’t - we don’t see that as significant when we - as we look at our volume forecast over 2015.
Kevin Burdick: Yes, we’ve been - Christine, this is Kevin. We have been pretty open about trying to shift over time some of our commodity exposure to fee-based. In our conversations with our producers, we’ve been working that hard as contracts come up for renewal. And, yes, I would expect to see that trend continue.
Kevin Burdick: Well, I mean, the concept of getting to the TNF is correct. But, again, I’m like Terry, I’m not sure I’m following your tracking the individual components you’re looking at there.
Sheridan Swords: Your first question on equity volumes that we have is actually from fourth quarter to first quarter, the volumes that we received from our affiliate GMP processing plants was flat. We were up in the Bakken quarter-over-quarter, but we were down in the Mid-Continent. A lot of in the first quarter, the sub-sequential change in the first quarter on our legacy volumes - on gathering, our legacy volumes were down quarter-over-quarter. But that was mostly in the Mid-Continent and mostly due to freeze-offs and we had some plants that went into some deeper ethane rejection. As we said and as Terry said earlier, as we look forward, going from now into the fourth quarter, today the Bakken pipeline is moving over 70,000 barrels a day and we expect that to ramp up through the rest of the year to get to 85,000 barrels a day coming out of that. The Mid-Continent is averaging - which is I would take - that’s everything besides the Bakken and the West Texas pipeline. The Mid-Continent is averaging about 457,000 barrels a day, and it will go up to 482,000 barrels a day by the end of the year. And in the West Texas pipeline, we think we’ll be around 260,000 barrels a day by the end of the year, and we were at - in April, we reached over 240,000 barrels a day on that pipeline.
Sheridan Swords: No, that’s exactly right. I mean, as you can see, Conway is - it’s not only we are increasing inventory up there, but you see our numbers, our production and propane in the Mid-Continent will also increase, as we go forward throughout the year.
Sheridan Swords: Yes, in the Permian Basin there was quite a bit of time that we had 40,000 to 60,000 barrels a day off our system. In the Mid-Continent, we probably had 20,000 to 30,000 barrels a day for extended periods of time throughout the first quarter due to the well freeze-offs.
Sheridan Swords: My point is across our system. I mean obviously, the Bakken has been up forever, and the Mid-Continent, we still - we’ve seen a little bit more plants going to ethane rejection there that weren’t in last year. And also another increase - the reason that we are increasing from the 165,000, you said this first quarter to 190,000, it’s also because we have more volume on as well. More volume coming on, and that volume is coming on - it doesn’t have any ethane in it.
Sheridan Swords: I think, obviously, we need some more increased demand, and we see that coming on later this year as more export capacity is brought online. That will help lift that up. Also if it goes too much deeper, we think there’s probably some more that the crackers could consume if propane prices go a little bit lower than they are today. So they’re consuming a lot today, but they consume a little bit more. So that’s why we think that it will ramp up. We will see a little bit of strength in propane, but it will be later this year.
Craig Shere: Well, apparently, the markets don’t appreciate it enough, you rallied off the low today on ONEOK even now you are back down 6.5% I guess people just don’t get it.
Craig Shere: You know, often when people talk about parent support, they are talking about IDR forgiveness. I was thinking more along the lines of using your cash to buy the equity rather than selling it to the market.
Craig Shere: That certainly does. I mean, it’s worked in prior years, as you say, but no strategy works forever. So I appreciate the feedback.
Craig Shere: All right. Well, it’s a good thing you have a lot of organic known growth with flared gas backing out.
