Derek Reiners: Thank you, Terry. Starting on partnership, 2015 EBITDA contribution continues to ramp up as strong volume growth is shaking up as we anticipated. We expect to grow our EBITDA in the second half of 2015 and be within our 2015 financial guidance EBITDA range of $1.51 billion to $1.73 billion. Our EBITDA growth follows the volume growth. Even in this lower commodity price environment, the Partnership’s year-to-date EBITDA of $712 million is only $40 million less than in the same period in 2014, which was a record in environment with much higher commodity prices. Our coverage ratio has improved to a 0.88 times coverage in the second quarter of 2015 and we expect continued improvement in our coverage the balance of the year. The partnership has a solid balance sheet and ample liquidity to support our current capital program including access to our commercial paper program and credit facility. As of June 30, ONEOK Partners had an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 4.5 times.  As we said, investment grade credit ratings of ONEOK Partners remain very important to us. Through the first half of 2015 our ATM program was a very effective tool for issuing equity and we continue to evaluate the overnight equity markets and other sources of capital. We will continue to take a balanced approach and remain disciplined when issuing debt and equity. Additional equity is needed to continue to support our capital projects.  We continue to remain confident in our ability to raise necessary capital to fund our capital projects at ONEOK Partners. At ONEOK our liquidity remains strong with a $150 million in cash and undrawn $300 million credit facility, and a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2 times at June 30. We continue to retain access cash at ONEOK as we navigate these uncertain times. Terry, that concludes my remarks.
Derek Reiners: Sure Christine, this is Derek. On an unadjusted basis, our debt-to-EBITDA has shown a 5.1 and we reported 4.5 on an adjusted basis, you are correct. The principal difference there is the material projects that we have on our way that we receive some credit for in our covenants so that's that delta. On a run rate basis, you are probably 1 or 2 basis points lower than that if you just took four quarter -- or excuse me second quarter and multiply that by 4. The agencies I think give us some credit for that, I am not exactly sure to what extent, they don’t exactly share all their calculations with us. But they certainly understand that as we're in construction mode, we will be issuing equity and debt for that matter ahead of the realization of the earnings from those projects. And so I think there is some benefit afforded to us in that regard. Cleary agencies look forward and think about the nature of those projects and the earnings from those projects going forward as they think about, how does our leverage looks going forward.
Derek Reiners: The agencies I think have put out some guidance for us in their most recent updates. I think Moody's talks about a 4.5 times and S&P talks about 4.25 to be in those ranges. So certainly we think about that as we consider our equity needs during the year. We’ve said many times the ATM has been a good tool for us and certainly would expect to continue to use that in the future. But again, we have to kind of balance the balance sheet needs, the leverage with the issuing equity at a higher yield certainly than we would like to see. And of course as to additional you pay distributions on those units and so that impacts your coverage. So it's a balance and certainly we have regular communications with the agencies and let them know what our plans are.
Derek Reiners: Yes, Craig this is Derek. I think that's a good point. Certainly OKE has some additional cash on its balance sheet today and it has certainly got capacity to raise capital there at more attractive yields today. I think it is important to step back and think about the underlying assets of the Partnership and the types of projects that we have, even at these higher yields those projects make sense. And so it's something we certainly think about very often but and we could consider other types of securities other than just a common unit, we could consider -- OKE might consider participation in some form or fashion as well to help that need as well.
Sheridan Swords: The NGLs coming out of the Bakken have a high oxygen content, and as we fractionate that oxygen, it’s been driven into the propane, and the butane and to be able to get that by bringing more ethane on, we can driven it into the EP or we can treat it and we continue to make sure that the propane is on spec for delivery into the end use market.
Sheridan Swords: Well, one thing I would say is that in 2Q we discovered that we stated the ethane recovery or decreased ethane rejection in June, so you would have a full three months in the third quarter and full three months in the fourth quarter. So we think the level of ethane, or close to the level ethane that we were extracting today, is enough to bring these products into the spec and we can handle and get into the end use market.
Sheridan Swords: Well, what I would say, Craig, the other thing to realize is that fracs are not exclusive to one basin. Our system is we can move Y grade around. So would we have to add more fracs if we add more volume out of the Bakken? Possibly if we bring more volume as we’re seeing more volume come out at the Scoop, the Stack and some of those areas, as that comes on that fills up our existing frac capacity as well, so it’s go in there. But right now we think we have enough frac capacity for the volume on the Bakken today as it grows even in a C3 plus rejected volume. We do see a great opportunity out at the Central Oklahoma with the Stack and what’s going on down there in the Scoop that we think -- we do think in the future we will be building more fracs.
Sheridan Swords: Well, I think the biggest thing you have to look at is when you look at the propane differential through the second quarter -- you have to realize if you are going to the LONESTAR facility, which had the highest spread there’s restrictions in getting to that facility. So a lot of what we were able to capture was between Conway and the non-TET or enterprise mark. So that was down cents per gallon from that. We continue to, on the propane side, we continue to convert a lot of our optimization capacity to fee-based. So when we do that that reduces our ability to get a wider spread on margins on what we do ship down there, because we have to ship more and more volume for our third-party people that have, we’ve given them Belvieu access.
Sheridan Swords: The reason that gathered volumes are continuing to go up, it is definitely a growth out of our Bakken, but we also see growth coming out of the Mid-Continent as we continue to go forward on that. So I think that may be where you are seeing some of that growth happen.
Sheridan Swords: Hi Michael this is Sheridan. Yes, we have been talking to quite a few producers out there that will backstop expansion. So we are progressing as planned on that and we are very hopeful hear pretty soon that we will be able to come out and announce expansion of the pipeline. So the Permian has still been resilient. We are still seeing growth and we are getting most people call on us about trying to get on this platform, as we still think with the assets that we have we can be extremely competitive versus the marketplace out there.
Sheridan Swords: In the Bakken is about 20,000 barrels a day in June. So that's 20,000 barrels a day in June, so you can put over about 7,000 barrels a day on average for the quarter.
Sheridan Swords: Yes, I would say you are exactly right. It is fundamentally that we’ve had end use people call us and say that the propane is off spec and we need to clean it up.
Sheridan Swords: It will be. We are working on a long-term plan that we can clean this up at our fractionators so that we do not have to continue to extract this ethane. But that is going to take some time to construct and get in place. But we are working, our engineers are working on a long-term solution.
Terry Spencer: It is -- we are having, it's close to that number but there is some offset versus that current ship wrecker pays are demand charges that we have. So this is going to offset, it gives demand charges as well. So it's not the full $0.30.
Terry Spencer: Christine what I would say is that obviously more volume into the Mid-Continent has nothing but improved spreads. We do think there is the ability to move some propane from Conway down to Mont Belvieu, especially if you displaced out a product. So these are all back spot ones that you may move more propane than butane and more propane than the EP or ethane that you have. But we do think there is capacity to move incrementally more volume between the two. But I think it will normally have a widening effect on the spread and it will have a dampening effect on Conway ever trading over Belvieu, you are correct.
Terry Spencer: Well Chris I mean we have increased confidence because our producers are performing and we continue to have lots of discussions to get a better understanding of where they are and what their plans are and they are executing those plans and as we said they are continuing to improve their cost structure and improve their technology and really significantly outperformed even in the midst of slight rig reductions in some cases. So we've got good visibility into the quarter and that's the reason why we feel so confident about the volumes. That plays right into the natural gas liquids segment particularly as we produced more natural gas liquids out of the Rocky's and we produced more natural gas liquids out of the Mid-Continent that benefits the NGL segment. So it's about visibility, it's about continued communication with these producers.
Terry Spencer: The first thing I’d say is July is down a little bit, the 2 15 is down a little bit from the fact that we had some outages on the system that caused the volume to be down. Also the reason the $0.04 we’ve gone from $0.03 to $0.04 just because we have increased the tariff rates on the pipeline closer to market than from what it was. So you’re seeing an increase in rates on the existing volume there. We continue to think that we’ll have ramp up there as we talk to more producers out there and we think there is opportunity for that to grow. As you point out that the West Texas pipeline has the lowest margin on our system, so it doesn’t have the biggest impact.
Terry Spencer: We continue to talk to producers and processors out in the Permian who are looking for a bundled service, not just transportation to fractionation and delivery into the end use market. So as we stated when we bought this pipeline, we think the ability to bring that bundled service to customers of the West Texas pipeline greatly enhance our ability to bring product to the line. And so we are in negotiations with various people on the line to be able to do that.
Terry Spencer: Yes, I will just make a high level comment. It's going very well. Producers are engaged with us. We've had success. We've had some contracts. We are converted more to a fee-based structure than POP. So we are expanding the fee-based component and shrinking the commodity sensitive component that's gone -- it's gone well. Producers, they want additional services, other things added to their contracts with us, other features and we are working with them on those. So it's going well. When you think about the regions in which we operate and particularly in the Williston Basin, it's not like hundreds of contracts we're having to address, its key producers and just it's not a whole bunch of contracts, okay? So we expect to have some success as we continue to move forward, have success fairly quickly.
Terry Spencer: Now that's Craig -- that would be a longer term proposition for us, okay. I think it's a practical goal, I think it makes more sense than perhaps trying to target a percentage of fee and percentage of commodity exposure but definitely it's a longer term goal.
Terry Spencer: Well Craig it's a combination of both pipe and fractionation capacity. We are certainly not anywhere near to that point yet but if you think about it very broadly and longer term, if need to get to that kind of next stair step level of production assuming the prices stabilize and rebound, when we think about expanding that whole infrastructure it's got to be pipes, it's a combination of lubs, it's pumps and it's fractionation capacity you got potentially in the Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast. So you have to think about it broadly, I wouldn’t characterize it as just one particular component.
Terry Spencer: Well, it is going very well. With the tariff increases as well as the volume prospects that we continue to develop, we’ve got high expectations for the pipeline, it’s a great fit with our existing infrastructure, it is of course putting in this premiere basin that we wanted to be in for some time and sets ourselves for continued growth. The performance from a financial perspective is going to improve significantly with these tariff increases and as the volumes continue to be added it's going to be -- it is and it is going to continue to be a major contributor to the segment's profit.
Terry Spencer: I think the -- what our expectations when we had the acquisition we're progressing right along those expectations.
Terry Spencer: Well the strategy is to enhance our returns and obviously these contracts have been affected by the lower commodity price environment and certainly at these price levels and the resulting margins it makes it difficult to realize an acceptable return. So we are not going to sacrifice return and as we continue to work with these producers and provide enhanced services and we have demonstrated that we have been able to put contracts together that make sense and get our returns to an acceptable level.
Terry Spencer: No specific dates at this particular point in time but again we continue to assess the current market environment which is very volatile and uncertain. It is -- and we continue to assess the environment and when the environment makes sense and when the producers need that capacity certainly we will fire those projects back up, okay. Right now we are continuing to -- we are still in a wait and see mode on those suspended projects.
Terry Spencer: Well, our plans are going to be the same. We are going to stay organically focused to the extent of we participate in M&A from a strategic asset standpoint that is we -- when people ask me about M&A I am like okay yes we are interested in M&A particularly as it relates to strategic asset acquisitions like our West Texas pipeline in the Permian. So yes we are going to stay active and focused and look at opportunities. But at the end of that day what happens out there in the M&A arena, we don’t have a whole lot of control over that. We will just keep our heads down and stay focused and continue to drive risk out this business and serve our customers.
Terry Spencer: Well, Becca, I think the short answer, and I will let Sheridan follow-up, but I think the short answer is just the volume growth, significant volume growth that we kind of broke over to a point where the NGL production has gotten so big to the point where now this issue emerging is something significant.
Terry Spencer: And, Kevin, the only thing I would add to that is that when you think about our business as a whole, we’re keenly focused on bringing new fee-based opportunities and fee-based projects to the table. And in Phil's business segment, as we mentioned in the remarks, the Roadrunner pipeline and its OWT expansion are important. And on OWT expansion, in particular, is a good example of the additional projects that have spun off as a result of this Roadrunner project in establishing a conduit to those markets in Mexico. So we’ll be very focused and remain very focused on fee-based opportunities and that will help bring that fee-based percentage up as we go forward.
Terry Spencer: No, I don't think so, Eric. I think that as we continue to renegotiate that fee should go up. So, yes, I don't think that that rate is going to be driven much by or affected much by a move in commodity prices.
Terry Spencer: The only thing I would add to that is keep in mind that these IP rates is the average initial production rates on these wells just continue skyrocket. And I was just reading some materials the other day from some of our customers or some of our producers rather, and it's really remarkable the improvement that we are seeing. So even if you see rig reductions we are seeing these increased IP rates that are more than offsetting some of those reductions.
Terry Spencer: That’s a tough one to answer. I mean because especially as producers have shifted almost entirely now to kind of the multi-well pads and those stick a rig and at a spot and then drill several wells and that -- so you kind of have an artificial working inventory if you will of completed -- of uncompleted wells. I think there is some as we have talked with others in North Dakota is that 300, 400 ranges that will kind of always be there as a working inventory as long as you are at this kind of a rig count, you may be in that range. But again that can fluctuate as again as rigs move around and what, where and how they are drilling.
Terry Spencer: Well I don’t know that I have said that. We have been pretty clear that we expect to continue to issue equity as we balance our credit metrics with issuing at this price.
Terry Spencer: Well I mean we talk about the overnight markets all the time and we certainly continue to look at that option. As we said many times the ATM program has worked pretty well for us. We were able to get quite a bit done in the second quarter, so to avoid that overnight market issue but I can't wool that out for you.
Terry Spencer: Thank you. Our quite period for the third quarter starts when we close our books early October and extensive earnings are released after the market closes on November 3rd, followed by our conference call on November 4. Thank you for joining us and have a good day.
Kevin Burdick: The de-ethanizer was pushed back is regarding to the details of the design and it was really two drivers. One was as we work with our contractor. There was some long lead time equipment that got in and pushed the dates out a little bit. And then as we recast the dates when we apply for winter construction and looked at the efficiency we have when we run our projects through the winter, that cost us some time to -- don't think it will have a material impact on our ’16 what we’re thinking there.
Kevin Burdick: Craig, this is Kevin. On the gathered volumes when you look at the information we provided in the quarter, that is not necessarily a quarterly average that’s saying we will reach that capacity at some point. So, if you just do that math, that’s not saying that there is a, what your number was that’s the average growth, quarter-over-quarter, that just taking look at kind of a peak volume in the third quarter and a peak volume in the fourth quarter.
Kevin Burdick: No, I would just -- the one statistic that I think is very interesting to kind of describe some of the improved performance is, if you look at the numbers provided by the state from January to May, oil production when up I think it was around 10,000 barrels a day. But gas production, which was basically flat or maybe a 1% increase, gas production actually went up about 150 million cubic feet a day during that same timeframe. So that demonstrates that as oil states flat with the improved gas to oil ratios, the improved performance gas oil ratios, the improved performance, the gas volumes have continued to go up.
Kevin Burdick: Eric, this is Kevin. It will be -- it is a combination. I mean there we talk about converting to more of a fee-based margin. There are a variety of ways that we get there. One is, like you said, is just increasing the fees and increasing the POP percentages, that kind of trade-off. There is other ways that accomplish the same thing. So our goal, like Terry has talked previously, is each of our customers is different. They are looking for different services. Those different services may require different strategies in how we go about working with them to get to the right mix of what is that. But in all the scenarios, it does result in a higher fee, but it may not, a fee-based margin, but it may not necessarily correlate to a lower equity volume.
