Terry Spencer: Thanks Andrew. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK. Joining me on today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs; and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas. Yesterday, we announced third quarter earnings results and updated our 2019 financial guidance expectations. The first nine months have set us up well for another year of companywide earnings growth in 2019 and have laid the foundation for continued growth next year. We also reiterated our outlook for greater than 20% earnings growth in 2020. We provided updated timing on several of our capital growth projects including our Demicks Lake I natural gas processing plant in North Dakota, which was completed earlier this month and our Demicks Lake II plant, which we expect to complete in January 2020. The northern section of our Elk Creek NGL pipeline is expected to begin line fill activities in November and will provide meaningful volume and earnings growth as we exit the year. Between now and the end of the first quarter of 2020, we expect to fully complete five growth projects that will add more than 700,000 barrels per day of NGL transportation capacity, a 125,000 barrels per day of fractionation capacity and an additional 400 million cubic feet of natural gas processing capacity, including Demicks Lake plants. This critical natural gas and NGL infrastructure including assets to help significantly reduce natural gas flaring in Williston Basin, will provide immediate earnings and volume up lift in 2020 and stable fee based growth for years to come. With that, I will turn the call over to Walt's for comments on our third quarter results.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Kevin. Our operating performance, system-wide volumes strength and execution of our capital growth program with a very strong balance sheet had clearly exceeded many expectations. But while the operational and earnings growth is important the way in which we operate conduct ourselves in business and construct our project is equally important and it is important that we place on sustainable and responsible operations that is the foundation for all of the successes we discussed today. You can find more detailed information related to our environmental, social and government focus priorities and programs in our most recent corporate sustainability report which can be found on our website. The report is our 11th Annual ESG Report, and with each version of this report, we prioritize increasing disclosures, content and relevance for one of many stakeholders. I encourage you to review the report on our website. We continue to focus on improvements in these areas, and welcome your feedback to help us do so because our goal is to build and grow business that is profitable, safe and environmentally responsible for the long-term. Thank you to all our dedicated employees for your hard work and contributions this quarter. We're only a couple of months away from closing out another year of companywide growth and were about to enter an exciting year of new asset operations and additional project completions. With that operator were now ready for questions.
Terry Spencer: Yes, Kevin, it's fair to say that producers have consistently exceeded our expectations particularly in Williston. I think there we benefited from their own capital discipline and certainly finding ways to enhance the productivity of their well. The gas all ratios have been a big deal for us up there, which in turn has increased in our liquids and be available to our plant. So, I think just all in all, the backdrop is that producers have really done a superb job, not only delivering on what we expect them to deliver, but exceeding those expectations.
Terry Spencer: The only thing I would add to Walt's comments are that the priority continues to be fund those, these attractive growth projects and we continue to have a runway of growth in front of us, albeit we don't have any of those great big infrastructure projects or backbone projects like Walt mentioned earlier, but the priority will continue to be around these great return organic projects. And certainly, we think about it as we have if and as we have cash available, certainly, retire debt, and then share backs could come into the equation, but I don't see it, but it's certainly something that we think about. If we get to a point where we're running out of growth projects and we're forced to look at other ways to invest our capital certainly share buybacks are something that we would consider.
Terry Spencer: Yes, we've pretty robust discussion about this on our Q2 call. We had a one-time, kind of, catch-up $50 million distribution at our Northern Border and expect it to go back to its normal course in the quarters going forward that's in line with where it's been. So that was the only one, other than that the joint ventures are all performing very well.
Terry Spencer: Jean Ann, the way I would answer that is, if you go back to few years or actually just with probably 12 to 18 months ago. The basin was down into for several months down into single-digit. So easily, I think with this processing capacity, once everybody, once we get Elk Creek up and once everybody gets, kind of, everything debottlenecked, I think you're going to see flaring get back down below the state targets or above the state targets for capture. I think that's going to -- that will happen.
Terry Spencer: So Michael, first of all, I'll take LSU and 14 points. And then the next question is yes, as we think about 2021 double-digit growth is certainly in the cards and how this business is continuing to be set up and we still got obviously organic growth projects that will be coming on through '20 and critical projects in 2021. So we're still set up nicely there. I think as far as the export dock project goes still a project we're very interested in doing. We continue to work it pretty hard. If the economics make sense, we'll certainly do a project, but if they don't make sense, I think we're in good shape with our business in terms of clearing barrels, we have arrangements in place that gives us some certainty that -- of course over the next handful of years we can clear barrels. So we're not really concerned there, I think, the export dock is a great complement to our fee-based activities. So we're going to continue to work it and when we get to a point where we can announce it certainly we'll let you all know.
Terry Spencer: Kevin, probably the only thing else I'd add to that is we don't have a whole lot in here baked in for ethane recovery. So with the ore spreads, so we're at seasonally low spreads with -- you're typically low this time of the year. Ethane economics are marginal for recovery, if those things turn, there is actually more upside probably did this number than downside.
Terry Spencer: You just answered it, we're focused on the organic growth and M&A has to uber compelling and most likely, it would be smaller bolt-on types of acquisitions.
Terry Spencer: Well, there are always focused on getting more information and certainly probably what we've done, where we've made incredible progress is certainly in the disclosure of our emissions and various environmental impact data, that has -- we had a lot of discussion, obviously from a governance perspective, I think, we've been lauded for the -- for our efficiency from a governance standpoint. When you really think about our broad thoughts around reducing our impact to the environment, that's certainly an area where I think it's resonated with investors. I think the fact that we've done this now for 11 years in a row and at this -- and this work product continues to improve each and every year. I think certainly that has resonated with investors as well. So disclosure, disclosure, disclosure and as we continue to move forward, we will continue to disclose more information and certainly around emissions targets and that type of outlook will certainly something that's top of mind and that will hopefully be in a position where we can do and provide those types of disclosures in the not too distant future.
Terry Spencer: That's correct. I mean, the way we're thinking about it is the contracts that you would enter into with respect to ethane on the sales standpoint, which certainly underwrite the dock a fee-based type arrangement, if you will, or perhaps the sale with a fee-based component built into it.
Terry Spencer: The macro ethane economics are going to be what they're going to be, broadly speaking. But as we think about the dock, if the dock and as it relates to ethane fee-based, it's a fee-based business.
Terry Spencer: Well, we expect to continue to the left to delever past to 4 times and aspirationally we like to be around that 3.5 that gives us a lot of borrowing flexibility going forward for these smaller type of CapEx that would come out in the future. So we use 3.5 is an aspirational target and just think about going forward.
Terry Spencer: No we're not going to guide to our 2020 CapEx But I think you can just take the projects we put in service and kind of subtract out what we still have to do and build up to a pretty good number. So the base will come up with your expectation is readily available, we'll leave that to you.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Terry. ONEOK's third quarter 2019 net income totaled $309 million or $0.74 per share and third quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $650 million. Year-to-date, net income and adjusted EBITDA increased 11% and 5%, respectively, compared with the same period last year. Distributable cash flow through the first nine months of the year was $1.5 billion, up 13% compared with 2018 with a healthy year-to-date dividend coverage of 1.42 times. We have also generated nearly $450 million of distributable cash flow in excess of dividends paid through the first nine months of this year. During the first quarter, we paid the dividend of $0.89 per share and last week we announced the dividend increased to $0.915 or $3.66 per share on an annualized basis. Dividend is payable on November 14th to shareholders of record on November 4th. This latest increase results in a 9% increase in 2019 dividends paid compared with 2018 in line with our previously stated guidance. In August, we completed a $2 billion senior note offering providing increased liquidity and balance sheet flexibility. In addition to the funding capital expenditures, proceeds from the offering also were used to proactively manage upcoming debt maturities including repaying $250 million of our $1.5 million term loan to 2021 and redeeming $300 million of senior notes that were due March 2020. On September 30th, net debt to EBITDA on an annualized run rate basis was 4.5 times. We continue to expect to be at four times debt to EBITDA run rate in the fourth quarter of 2020 for the first quarter of 2021 with the deleveraging continuing in the quarters to follow that. We ended the third quarter with the full $2.5 billion available on our credit facility and more than $670 million of cash. With yesterday's earnings announcement, we narrowed our 2019 financial guidance ranges. The midpoint of our net income guidance increased to $1.28 billion and our adjusted EBITDA midpoint remain unchanged at $2.6 billion. The natural gas gathering and processing, and natural gas pipeline segments are trending toward the high-end of the previously announced financial guidance ranges, each with the ability to exceed the high-end of their range. Our performance in these segments reflect stronger-than-expected volume growth in the Williston Basin and STACK and SCOOP areas and gathering in the gathering processing segment and higher firm transportation capacity contracted on expansion projects in the natural gas pipeline segment. Our natural gas liquids segment is trending towards the low end of its previously announced financial guidance range, primarily due to lower optimization and marketing earnings from narrower than expected pricing spread between Conway and Mont Belvieu and due to the impact of increased ethane rejection on our system. Despite a vastly different commodity price environment and spreads that were one third as large as the year ago, our base business grew compared with a strong quarter last year. As we mentioned in prior quarters, we expect earnings for this segment to be heavily weighted towards the back half of the year. The Williston Basin continues to be a primary contributor to one-offs growth underscored by the fact that volume growth in the region is at higher margins relative to our other regions. We've also updated our 2019 growth capital guidance range to $3.5 billion to $3.7 billion, consistent with my remarks last quarter, reflecting the accelerated timing on several of our capital growth projects. The early in service on these projects also accelerates their associated EBITDA contributions and further underscores our confidence in our earnings growth and deleveraging next year. As Terry mentioned, we continue to expect adjusted EBITDA growth of greater than 20% in 2020, compared with our 2019 guidance midpoint and the emphasis remains on greater than 20%. I will now turn the call over to Kevin for a closer look at each of our business segments.
Walt Hulse: Jeremy, this is Walt. We've got several projects that we've already announced that include Demicks Lake II, MB-5, Arbuckle II [Later changed by the Company] and West Texas expansion. All of those will be completed throughout the course of 2020. So you can kind of do the math on what we've already got ticked off. So we'll see a meaningful step down in our CapEx next year from what we have in 2019. Going forward, we think the vast majority of everything that we see on horizon has been announced. There will other growth opportunities that will come, but remember we've built the backbone of the system here with these two pipes. So, we have significant operating leveraging going forward. So if we had another processing plant or something along those lines, order of magnitude is significantly less as we go forward and then also I would point out that anything that we would announce in the coming quarters would really get spend over the couple of years. So our 2020 CapEx at this point is something that you can get a pretty good look just based on what we've announced today.
Walt Hulse: We said that we were get to four times debt to EBITDA by Q4 of 2020 or Q1 of 2021. We expect to continue to delever after that and we'll proceed down through into that 3 to 5 range, which is kind of aspirationally where we like to be. So, we still have some time, we're going to -- that's going to take through 2021, maybe into 2022. So, we're going to continue that delevering as our primary focus. And then going forward, we always are on the hunt for good growth opportunities. And to the extent that the commercial team finds those growth opportunities, we're going to pursue those, but keeping that leverage in that on a going forward basis, in and around that 3.5 times.
Walt Hulse: Christine, hang on a second. The only thing I would add to that is well connect, makes up the bulk of that routine growth, right.
Walt Hulse: And then probably plant connections and then other miscellaneous gathering infrastructure both on gatherings processing side as well as liquid side.
Walt Hulse: Yes. Obviously, from the well connect and that sort of routine, if we saw a significant downturn in producer activity. We have some flexibility on our -- but we don't see it as it relates to MB-5 and Arbuckle II will be done in the first quarter of 2020.
Kevin Burdick: Jeremy, this is Kevin and then I'll let others jump in. But clearly, Elk Creek is kind of the key project that we need to get done. The basin is short NGL takeaway capacity. Right now, but as Elk Creek comes in service, then all the processing plants up there not just Demicks Lake I, but you've got some third-party processing plants that are up now and you've got another one that's going to come online in the fourth quarter, all those plants will be able to ramp. And clearly there is substantial flaring behind not just our system but other company systems as well. So, you would expect it's going to ramp very quickly from the flared gas inventory. Then as you move through 2020 early 2020, and the flares get put out, you still see the strength in rigs, we're seeing up there, and you've also got growth coming out of the Powder as well. So you'll see an immediate step up as we put out the flares and you'll continue to see a ramp given the rig counts in the activity levels we're seeing.
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin. I mean yes. I think that conceptually you're on the right path. We were able to --producers were clearly they were button up against unflattering constraints right because the basin with short processing capacity and NGL take away was full. So rather than going ahead and completing those wells knowing they're going flare they backed off and that's been going on for several months. So yes, that increase was the result of that. And yes, that gives us some tailwinds as we move into 2020. And then on the other side of that there just producers continue to deliver strong results which even though we connected fewer wells than we had anticipated we were still able to get more towards the higher end of our volume guidance.
Kevin Burdick: I mean, Christine, this is Kevin. Just looking kind of holistically at the Mid-Con, clearly, there has been some pullback recently by producers. We've factored all that in. We're probably thinking of the Mid-Continent in a flat to slightly declining type of environment as we factor in that to our 2020 growth outlook. So, we don't need significant or really any growth coming out of the STAKE and SCOOP to meet the growth outlook we provided for 2020.
Kevin Burdick: Just looking at kind of what we would consider kind of that routine, growth routine CapEx that we're going to see on a year-in and year-out basis, that's probably in the $400 million to $500 million range. You throw some processing plants like Walt alluded to earlier on top of, it raises up a little bit, but that's kind of ranges just for that normal blocking and tackling type growth that we'd see.
Kevin Burdick: As we -- I guess, as we think about the big one there would be MB-5. With the volumes, we have coming and have line of sight to for MB-4 you're going to fill it up extremely quickly, so any growth at all, MB-5 is going to continue on. So I mean, could you do something if something went south in a hurry, potentially so, but again we don't see that again just with the line of sight, we've got to volumes that are going to hit us in the next few months here.
Kevin Burdick: Elvira, this is Kevin. And I'll start again we -- the thing we have stressed for the last several months. We continue to focus on this is with the flared gas in the Bakken, we've got incredible line of sight to these volumes, a similar situation occurred back in the '16, '15 or '16 timeframe where we saw the flared gas, we had projects and we immediately captured it and turned it into EBITDA. So with the flaring that's occurring in the basin, with the dock count that's out there, with the productivity and the returns, the producers are seeing we've just got a lot of confidence if that's going to be the substantial driver to that growth in 2020. And that's not even getting into the growth we're seeing out of the Permian, the Powder and other places. So we just have a confidence because we have that line of sight, we can reach out and touch these volumes.
Kevin Burdick: Well, we go back to when rigs really came back to the Bakken, they really start coming back in earnest it at around $45 per barrel from the conversations we have with our customers most are planning for a $50 environment more from a cash flow perspective, but the improvements they've seen in the productivity of the wells. Again, the returns on the well aren't be challenged, it's solely just living within their cash flow, which has been the consistent theme we've gotten from our customers. So I think easily, if you stay north of $50 probably even if you go down to the $45 range, you're still -- this things good to go.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. No we're really, over the course of the next handful of years not expecting or at least we've not got in our base forecast internally much ethane baked into it at least for the next two or three years.
Sheridan Swords: Yes, this is Sheridan. So, I think you're right. You really need to look at the gas issue especially in the Permian and in the Mid-Continent. And when the Permian gas goes really, you see a lot more ethane come out of the Permian basin versus the Mid-Continent, we saw that in the third quarter. But now the gas prices during the fourth quarter have moved up in the Permian, a little bit and gas prices in the continent moves down, which allows more ethane to come out of Mid-Continent. So you really need to look at the gas price because the TNF out of the Mid-Continent and the TNF out of the Permian are fairly close together. So, it's not on that side of it.
Sheridan Swords: Yes, this is Sheridan. We don't really have that many more plants in the Mid-Continent to connect. We've kind of connect all the ones that are out there, we saw a big push in 2019. A lot of those plants, we've seen some increase in production from those plants and we expect to kind of stay at that level through next year, the level we're at today on a C3 plus basis. So, and I think right now there is plenty of capacity out there what's to process the gas that's there.
Sheridan Swords: It's primarily going to be really just the specific timing of these projects and we look at the biggest levers we have, that would be number one. We've talked about spreads it can fluctuate up and down that could be a little bit of a driver, but we've got pretty good line of sight at this point to where we're going to end the year.
Sheridan Swords: No just to -- Walt jumped in, weather is always, it could be a factor, if you get earlier or know whether that could be an impact as well.
Sheridan Swords: This is Sheridan. We'll operate those systems, kind of, in tandem to make sure that we optimize, variable costs, optimized going into OPPL and going on Elk Creek Pipeline. So we have a lot of flexibility to move product back and forth between the two pipelines to maximize capacity.
Sheridan Swords: This is Sheridan. Yes, you are correct, and we're starting to transition to -- away from specifically talking about what's on Elk Creek to what's coming out of both the Rockies region, which is Williston and Powder River Basin. Because of the flexibility we have between moving between pipes. So that 240 is basically over 100,000 barrels a day increase from where we were when we just had the Bakken pipeline coming in. So that's the new plants that we talked about coming online, rail coming off and then ramp up on to those volumes and actually we said we think will be above 240 coming out of the first quarter.
Sheridan Swords: Well, that continue to say what's going to drive ethane. Also, as we talked earlier about the relative gas price in the Mid-Continent versus the Permian to see which one moves ahead of the other one to pull the ethane out for the demand that is there.
Sheridan Swords: This is Sheridan, when we look at and is quoted volumes coming out of the Rockies. We do not consider ethane in any of those volumes. It's all C3 plus, so any ethane that we would get, due to be enforced out because of constraints or the very unlikely that it becomes economical will be upside to our volume numbers that we've given.
