John Gibson: Thanks Dan. Good morning and many thanks to all of you for joining us today and of course, for your continued investment and interest in both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Joining me on today's call are Curtis Dinan, Chief Financial Officer for both ONEOK and ONEOK partners; Terry Spencer, our Chief Operating Officer of ONEOK Partners and Rob Martinovich, our Chief Operating Officer of ONEOK. W e completed another successful quarter and year at both ONEOK and ONEOK Partners with all of our businesses performing well. At ONEOK Partners, we benefited from the first full year of operations of the assets we built during our $2 billion capital program we completed in late 2009, resulting in higher natural gas and natural gas liquids volumes moving through our assets, selecting fees and creating additional opportunities. Those projects will continue to contribute earnings growth through this year and beyond and set the stage for the partnership's next phase of growth which now totals between 1.8 billion and 2.1 billion in new projects. Our ONEOK distribution segment continues to benefit from our new, performance-based rates in Oklahoma, which reduced volumetric sensitivity and increased revenues in the warmer months. This shift in the segment earnings pattern is reflected in the lower fourth-quarter operating income compared with the previous year but higher year-over-year operating income. And, as expected, the energy services segments fourth quarter results were lower but were higher for the year as we have indicated it would be earlier. In 2010, we increased the ONEOK dividend three times and, an additional increase of $0.04 per share announced last month. This dividend increase is consistent with the forecast we gave last October, to increase the dividend by 50% to 60% in 2000 – by 2013. It is enabled by the cash coming to ONEOK from its ownership interest in ONEOK Partners, which increased its distributions to unit holders four times in 2010. This growth in earnings, distributions and dividends, is primarily the result of ONEOK Partners recently completed capital projects and, with our plans to invest another $2 billion plus at the partnership over the next few years, we are very confident in our ability to continue to grow. While we remain active on the acquisition front, evaluating many of the assets that are publicly known to be for sale and some that are not, we have not completed any transactions for a number of reasons. The most compelling one being that we have very attractive alternatives to grow through our internal capital projects. These projects, the ones just completed, the ones currently being built and the ones we are evaluating but not yet announced, provide us with very attractive returns. They also deliver stable cash flow growth that gives us the confidence to forecast our three-year growth targets and, the ability to consistently increase our distributions. Bottom line, we do not have to wait on the next big acquisition, probably at pricing multiples to grow and reward our investors at ONEOK or at the partnership. Our growth continues to be embedded with our own assets. Curtis will now review ONEOK Partners’ financial highlights and then we will ask Terry to review the partnership's operating performance. So, now let me turn this over to Curtis.
John Gibson: Thank you, Terry and congratulations to you and your employees for another outstanding year. Now, Curtis will review ONEOK Financial performance and then he will turn it over to Rob Martinovich to review the ONEOK operating performance. Curtis.
John Gibson: Thank you Rob and congratulations to you and your team on another good year as well. Thank you. A couple of final comments before we take your questions. As you all know, we announced a series of executive management changes last week. This is all part of our succession planning process to further develop and prepare our next generation of leaders so that they have the skills and experience to lead our continued growth and future success. While I have no plans to retire, our board and I believe strongly that we have the responsibility to our investors, our employees and other key stakeholders to make sure we have the right talent with the right skills, right experienced and a proven ability to lead in place. That is what this re-alignment was about, nothing more, nothing less. I have great confidence in all our leaders and know they will perform great in their new roles. I’d like to sing aloud and make a few comments about Curtis, who is participating in his last conference call, as CFO. He has done an exceptional job over the last four years in the CFO role, both at ONEOK and ONEOK Partners helping us finance the partnership’s growth while maintaining a strong balance sheet. His new role, leading the partnership’s natural gas business, will give him an important operating experience that will benefit him, and the Company well into the future. I would like to congratulate Curtis on his new role and personally thank him for what he has done for the company. I know those of you listening, who know Curtis, recognize how much he has contributed to our company as our CFO. And of course, I would like to extend my congratulations to the other leaders who are moving into their new roles. And finally, I’d like to thank our 4700 employees, whose hard work, dedication and commitment creates value everyday for our investors and customers. I thank our employees, every conference call and you may tune out my expression of appreciation knowing that it’s just a signal that we are getting ready to take questions. But, you should note that these last few weeks have been very difficult and challenging for our employees for many reasons. Along with the typical activities associated with the year and financial closings and reports, we experienced record low temperatures and snow falls across our operating areas. Along with enterprise experiencing a fire at Mont Belvieu that resulted in our shutting our fractionator for a day, and then we had to deal with the related issues the next day, including a loss of electrical power at the fractionator that resulted in yet another short shutdown. At all times, our employees acted quickly and safely to protect our assets while meeting our customer’s needs. Day in and day out, our employees continue to rise to the occasion and meet the challenges that inevitably come their way. They do what’s required to help our customers, to meet our financial filing deadlines and to deal with adverse weather conditions. And they do so under the most challenging of circumstances, safely. We have exceptional employees who make exceptional efforts, not just during difficult times, but every day. That’s why I take the time to thank them. I want our employees, who listen to this call, hear me tell you our investors, that I appreciate their efforts and realize that our financial and operating results are not just because of the efforts of our management team, but also because of what each and every employee contributes every day. So, again, I want to take this opportunity to thank our employees for the contributions and at this time, open it up for questions.
John Gibson: I wouldn’t characterize it that way that we have a drop in confidence level. I think what allows us to have the confidence in continuing to grow the company as I mentioned in the comments, is that our asset had these embedded options but we continue to find opportunities to grow –- to those investments creating more value than we would by having to acquire earnings. So, the alternative of acquiring earnings in today’s marketplace continues to be very expensive. So, it’s not that we’ve lost confidence in our ability to acquire someone that’s – relative to the alternatives we have and where we invest our next dollar, we make more money for the unit holder and the shareholder by investing in these internal project as opposed to participating in some of the bidding activities that are taking place.
John Gibson: And there are financial buyers out there who see ways to make money that perhaps we don’t – can’t quite comprehend in an asset operating model.
John Gibson: I may make a, it doesn’t address – it doesn’t address your specific issue, but think of it this way, if you look at the earnings announcement, you know that – by not having that capacity, which was reserved under that contract the opportunity costs associated with that was roughly $35 million. So, that capacity we couldn’t use to make, to make money with, we had to use that to fulfill our contractual obligations. That, as I mentioned to you several quarters ago is on us. We are the ones that lead in what we thought the increasing volumes on Arbuckle would be going into the fractionator. We’re the ones that didn’t think we fill up Arbuckle as fast as we did, so that is on us. That’s one way to think about it is that $35 million had we had the capacity would have been added dollars in 2010, relative to 2009. The other way I think about it is, it’s also an indication of our cost of honoring contractual obligations because I guess we could have, but obviously chose not to use that fractionation capacity for our own gain and then fight it out in the courts with somebody that we shorted. But obviously that’s not something we are going to do. But so, the answer is the capacity was large and the capacity was cheap.
Curtis Dinan: Thanks, John and good morning everyone. John has already provided a brief summary of the partnership's fourth quarter and year-end results and Terry will provide additional detail in a moment. My remarks will focus on our financial results and outlook. In the fourth quarter, ONEOK Partners reported net income of $142 million or $1.09 per unit compared with last year's fourth quarter net income of $116 million or $0.93 per unit. For 2010, net income was $473 million or $3.50 per unit compared with $434 million or $3.60 per unit in 2009. 2010 results included a $16 million gain related to the sale of a 49% interest in Overland Pass to Williams Partners. That gain had a $0.16 per unit impact on the partnership year-end results. Also impacting the per unit calculation is the February 2010 public equity offering of 5.5 million common units, which resulted in additional units outstanding in 2010 compared with 2009. Distributable cash flow in the fourth quarter was $170 million, a 14% increase compared with fourth quarter 2009. For the year, distributable cash flow increased to $30 million to $588 million more than adequate to cover our 2010 distributions and maintain a 1.02 times coverage ratio for the year. The partnership issued its 2011 net income guidance in January in the range of $525 million to $575 million for the year with distributable cash flow in the range of $625 million to $675 million. Pending board approval, the partnership anticipates increasing the distribution a penny per quarter in 2011, building on the fourth quarter 2010 distribution increase to $1.14 per unit paid in February which marked the 17th distribution increase since ONEOK became sole general partner, accumulative 43% increase over that time. Capital expenditures for the partnership are expected to be approximately $1.1 billion comprised of $1 billion in growth capital, related to our $1.8 billion to $2.1 billion of growth projects announced today and $105 million in maintenance capital. Terry will provide an update on these growth projects in a moment. We have hedges in place to lock in margins on our expected equity volumes in the partnership's natural gas, gathering and processing segment which has the most sensitivity to commodity price changes. For 2011, we have hedged 69% of our expected NGL and condensate equity volumes at an average price of $1.40 per gallon and 74% of our expected natural gas equity volumes at $5.61 per MMBtu. For 2012, approximately 12% of our expected NGL and condensate equity volumes are hedged at an average price of $2.34 per gallon. As is our practice, we continually monitor the commodity markets and will place additional hedges as conditions warrant. At the end of 2010, the partnership had $430 million of commercial paper outstanding and $570 million available under the $1 billion revolving credit agreement that expires in 2012. The partnership ended 2010 with a debt-to-capital ratio of 50% and a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 3.8. In January, we completed an offering of $1.3 billion of senior notes consisting of $650 million of five-year notes at a coupon of 3.25% and $650 million of 30-year senior notes at a coupon of 6.125% generating net proceeds of approximately $1.28 billion. After the debt offering, we have repaid all of our outstanding commercial paper and have a cash balance of approximately $900 million, leaving us well-positioned to repay the $225 million principal amount of senior notes that mature next month and to fund our capital spending program in 2011. At this time, the partnership does not anticipate any additional financing need this year but we continue to monitor the capital markets and will take advantage of opportunities that are presented. There is one item that I would like to highlight, related to the partnership's 2011 guidance. We expect the partnership’s interest expense to be approximately $12 million higher compared with what we provided in January. This amount will be offset by an increase of $12 million in equity earnings for the natural gas liquids segment for Overland Pass. This line item shipped reflects our financing of Overland Pass pipeline at the ONEOK Partners level versus at the joint venture level that we assumed in our initial 2011 financial guidance. Now, Terry Spencer will provide you with an overview of the operating performance of the partnership.
Curtis Dinan: Thanks John. ONEOK’s net income for the fourth quarter was $83 million or $0.76 per diluted share compared with last year's fourth quarter net income of $93 million or $0.87 per diluted share. ONEOK’s 2010 net income was $335 million or $3.10 per diluted share versus $305 million or $2.87 per diluted share in 2009. 2010 results include a $16 million or $0.04 per share impact from the gain on ONEOK Partner sale of a 49% interest in Overland Pass pipeline company to Williams Partners, completed last September. Rob will provide more details on the drivers of our operating results in a few minutes. ONEOK’s 2010 stand-alone free cash flow before changes in working capital exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by $339 million. This free cash flow increase was the result of bonus depreciation that ONEOK recorded due to the enactment of recent federal income tax legislation. Bonus depreciation will continue to provide us with benefits in 2011, more on that in a minute. By virtue of ONEOK’s general partner interest and significant ownership position, ONEOK received $304 million in distributions from the partnership for 2010, a 9% increase from 2009. At the partnership’s estimated distribution level as detailed in the 2011 guidance, ONEOK will receive approximately $328 million in distributions for 2011, an 8% increase over 2010. As a reminder, ONEOK’s income taxes on the distributions from the limited partner units it owns are deferred which contributes to the strong free cash flow that ONEOK generates. ONEOK liquidity position is excellent. At the end of the fourth quarter and on a stand-alone basis, we had $127 million in short-term debt, $30 million in cash and cash equivalents and $394 million of natural gas in storage. As of today, ONEOK has repaid all of its short-term debt as we continue to pull gas from storage to meet our customers’ needs. Our next scheduled debt maturity is in April of this year, when $400 million comes due which we will repay with cash on hand and with borrowings from our commercial paper program. Our current stand-alone, long-term debt to capitalization is 30% and our stand-alone total debt to capitalization is 40%, well below our 50-50 target. ONEOK significant free cash flow and financial flexibility provide us with several opportunities. As a reminder, the board authorized share repurchases of up to $750 million through 2013 with an annual maximum of $300 million. At this time, we have not purchased any shares that continue to evaluate the opportunity to do so. This authorization provides another method to return value to shareholders, however, we also remain focused on increasing our investment in ONEOK Partners, evaluating strategic acquisitions and increasing future dividends. Our 2011 guidance anticipates dividend increases of $0.04 per share, semi-annually during 2011, the first of which, ONEOK’s Board of Directors approved a $0.04 per share increased last month to $0.52 per share, representing an 86% increase since January 2006. This most recent dividend increase is consistent with the company's expected 50% to 60% dividend increase between 2011 and 2013. Last month, ONEOK issued its 2011 net income guidance in the range of $325 million to $360 million reflecting higher anticipated earnings in the ONEOK Partner segment, offset partially by lower expected earnings in the energy services segment. The financial guidance reflects stand-alone free cash flow of $235 million to $275 million, which also includes the benefit from the bonus depreciation, I described earlier. This range does not reflect any anticipated share repurchases, so obviously, if we were to repurchase shares under our authorized program, free cash flow would be reduced. Now, Rob Martinovich will provide an update on ONEOK’s operating performance.
Curtis Dinan: Know, we like our structure, we’ve had the structure for, ever since we bought northern border. We think it works for us as we’ve discussed in many different times and see no real advantage changing our structure. I mean, when we look at it, we’ve certainly spent a fair amount of time looking at different structures, but for us it comes back to the fact that it was our vision and our integrated structure this works for us. And, you know, I think the results speak to that.
Terry Spencer: Well, Steve, to answer your first question, the commitment with our producers is going very well. We have – we’ve reached a point where we’ve got as much is 1.5 million acres under dedication in the Bakken. That’s a very, very large position. And that’s increasing steadily. We were probably a 1,000,000 acres under dedication, probably six months ago, so making very good progress there. Those are long-term acreage dedications, percent of proceeds contract, so that is going very well. To answer your second question, I think the opportunities we see down in Texas are primarily in the natural gas liquids business. We see opportunity to expand our presence in Mont Belvieu. I think in particular in light of some of the events we’ve seen this recently, our chances of doing that have increased. So, you know, when we look at our backlog of projects and if we specifically address Texas of the fractionation projects as a possibility, further expansions of our pipeline infrastructure that feeds the Belvieu area as well as our storage capability down there. So, we see a lot of good opportunity there.
Terry Spencer: Steve, I really can’t go into telling you the volume other than I could tell you that it was significant.
Terry Spencer: When we go back to the growth potential in Texas, there’s one other spot where we have assets and that’s in our Texas intra state pipeline business and we are looking at a number of power plant expansions that are occurring in West Texas. And, we see the opportunity to expand our presence and increase the level of service that we provide to our customers. So, let’s not forget about our Texas Intra State business.
Terry Spencer: I think we actually have, if you look – I think if you look back in some of our last year’s investors presentations, I think we attempted to do that at a pretty high level. We had a couple of tables that touched on it.
Terry Spencer: That’s absolutely true. It’s just because we just don’t overpay. I think that’s the one thing you can just never overcome.
Terry Spencer: Really, no – there’s really no disruption because there’s plenty of storage down there in Belvieu. So, you know, a lot of the petrochemical facilities have their own storage under contract, they’ll pull – they’ll pull on their own inventories while these plans are going down. So it’s a pretty routine process and don’t expect any material impact marketplace when does happen. You might get just for very brief periods of time, some impact, but for the most part, not material.
Terry Spencer: Going forward and especially in light of these EPA regulations and what I was referring to is what’s referred to as RISMAC [ph].
Terry Spencer: Sure. Well, on an ongoing basis, we have contracts coming up for renewal across all of our business units every year. And in particular in our natural gas liquids business and in our gathering and processing business which is where bulk of those renegotiations are occurring, we are seeing increased demand for capacity on our assets. And of course, that’s impacting the rates that we charge for gathering NGLs and fractionated NGLs as well as gathering and processing natural gas. So we’ve also seen the same impact on storage. So, we’re just going to continue to see that and there is going to be a tranche of uplift or upgrade, if you will, every year.
Terry Spencer: We have not been buying back any stock. We have the ability to do so, just why we went to the board in October and got that because it is a little hollow for us to say that one of our opportunities is to buy back shares, we didn’t have the authority. So we do have the authority, we have not done that. So we continue to look at buying earnings. We look at our internal projects, investments internally, investments in ONEOK Partners, increasing dividends which as Curtis pointed out, we’ve done a pretty good job of. And buying back shares, paying down debt, we’ve sort of done all of it, but here recently we haven’t bought any shares back but we have the authority to do so.
Terry Spencer: Well, you know, I think there is a need for fractionation capacity all the way around. I mean, you know, clearly, the Eagle Ford you've got have fractionation capacity if that continues to grow at that rate everybody thinks it's going to grow at. Mid-Continent has been very strong. It needs, it needs more fractionation capacity but it wants it, the market wants it at Belvieu because that's where the incremental market is for that product. So, it's not just necessarily one particular spot, it is pretty much industrywide but barrels want to make it to the Gulf coast which is where you know the incremental market is. I hope that answers your question.Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Yeah. That's very helpful. Thank you. And then maybe last question, maybe for Rob, just on the energy services and you talked, you mentioned that the – the premium margins regarding the fourth quarter benefited a little bit from the warm weather being (inaudible) I guess, purchasing that capacity cheaper. Did any of that perhaps flow through into the first, the first quarter or the cold snaps that we saw did that raise that just trying to see as we enter the year, that midpoint of guidance for energy services has upside bias to it you know much the way 12 months ago when we entered and we are looking at energy services for 2010, obviously, you guys exceeded that quite nicely.
Terry Spencer: Why don't you start with a partnership. This is Terry. Let me give you the answer to the partnership question. As we look specifically at our natural gas storage, our contracts generally are – we've got about 25% of our contracts coming up for renewal every year. And at this point in time, we are seeing you know continued interest in our capacity and having no problems getting that capacity we signed.
Terry Spencer: I think we – I mean we always view that asset, every member sitting at analyst meetings and presentations as much as three years ago, talking about how this particular asset was connected to one of the strongest markets in the U.S. and it was also connected to a very strong supply basis. So we've always had a lot of confidence in this asset. I think a particular, what the recent events have shown is this pipeline is extremely well positioned and it continues to be the low cost provider of service for gas wanting to come out of Canada. And it's clearly demonstrated that and the market recognizes it and that's why we are full.
