Terry Spencer: Thanks Kevin. Good overview of a challenging, but encouraging quarter that has positioned us well for the rest of 2021. With volumes trending upward and strength in our base business, our outlook continues to improve. But we remain disciplined in our approach and focus on what matters most for the long-term sustainability of our business. Enhancing our financial stability, participating in the innovation necessary for a transition to a low-carbon economy and serving our customers' needs safely and responsibly continue to be our focus. The first quarter showcased many of these focus areas and we have many more great things to look forward to in the remainder of this year and beyond. Thank you to our employees for all that you have done this quarter and over the past year to focus on customer needs and continue operating safely and responsibly. Operator, we are now ready for questions.
Terry Spencer: I guess as far as capital, yes, we have allocated some capital not just on the compression front, but also we're doing some work on the carbon sequestration front as well. So we've allocated some meaningful capital there. It's not a huge amount of capital as we're just getting started in this. But as we move forward, we expect that capital to pick up. I think the key emphasis is that projects that we work on or that we're considering in the sustainable -- area of sustainability they've got to make economic sense. They've got to generate a return a reasonable return.
Terry Spencer: Well, Shneur, Kevin in his remarks, he mentions momentum. He uses that word. Because he used that word I'm going to let him answer that question.
Terry Spencer: The only thing, I'd add to Kevin's remarks is just when you just think about the worldwide recovery from the pandemic certainly that's providing a lot of momentum to us. And we see it not just in the commodity prices that are relatively strong, but also we're seeing it in pet chem demand. And we've got hammered -- the pet chem space got hammered here in the Gulf Coast, obviously, due to weather. But we've seen that pick back up and those operation's restore. We're also seeing new petrochemical plants being built across the global space. So, pet chem demand showing no signs of letting up and certainly that's why ethane is a big part of our story. And certainly, it's a big part of our story as we think about 2022 and beyond.
Terry Spencer: I think Kevin that's a good point. Spiro, let's hang on with me for a second. I mean that segues into an important point to make that with this excess capacity that we have available the fact that all of this infrastructure is pretty well in place for the next three or four years without any sort of major backbone type transmission project needing to be built in the NGL space. I mean you could see this business from an EBITDA perspective hit a $4 billion type of number in the right pricing environment without having to expend a heck of a lot of capital. So -- I mean I think that expands on that headroom concept or that available capacity concept that we keep trying to express to the market to understand about our business that we built a lot of that major infrastructure is already in place and the rest of this stuff is smaller routine growth. So -- and that's what puts us in a position. In the right pricing environment, right activity levels, I mean we could see a $4 billion kind of EBITDA number here.
Terry Spencer: I think the other thing, I can add to that Kevin is that on an ongoing basis, we're needing to replace compression in our footprint as we have -- as machines become antiquated or as they wear out, we need to replace that compression anyway. So sometimes some of that -- those opportunities can be additions to the rate base. So that -- they can be in our regulated assets where they can -- we can earn a guaranteed return. The only difference is we'll put in electric compression as opposed to fossil fuel compression or by field compression or some of the things that we're considering. So it could take that form as well.
Terry Spencer: Well I mean, we're always thinking about those types of things. I can tell you right now the appetite from a large-scale M&A standpoint is not very high, but we are always thinking about what opportunities are out there that we could bolt-on to the asset footprint that could make it better. So we're always thinking about those things. But certainly they've got to be strategic got to make a lot of sense. They've got to be accretive from an earnings and credit standpoint. All of those things are going to be required on the M&A front. But I will tell you candidly, the prospects are kind of few and far between, but we're always looking.
Terry Spencer: Well, I mean -- right. I can speak for ONEOK. We've weatherized, okay? I think where a bulk of the problem was is back in the field, where it's very difficult. It's difficult to weatherize wellhead production. It's been done in the Bakken. Obviously, the Bakken had marginal impact from the severe conditions. But down in Texas and even in parts of Oklahoma, we don't quite -- we don't do it as robustly as we do in Williston. So I think there's a lot to be learned from producers, who operate in a hostile environment all the time. A lot can be shared with producers down in Texas and how to weatherize. But -- I mean a lot of issues stem from the fact that it's difficult in terms of wellhead production to weatherize. And especially, if the electric power is getting shut off on you too if you're a producer and you're trying to -- you've got heat tracing and insulation that requires electric power and then, your power is getting shut off it makes -- you're froze up. So, I can speak for ONEOK. We did a great job weatherizing and that's how we were able to continue to operate. We had very few facilities go down due to freezing and we had large volumes of gas coming out of storage that made up for the wellhead supply that froze off. We just continued to make deliveries. And those deliveries and the market demand was going up dramatically. So even in the face of rising demand because of the cold temperatures, we are able to rock and roll and maintain deliveries. And fortunately, this cold snap only lasted about 10 days. But anyway, that's -- it's a challenging undertaking to make sure everything is weatherized. I can speak for ONEOK. We did a great job.
Sheridan Swords: Michael, this is Sheridan. You're right. The tick down in the average rate was due to the amount of ethane that we incentivized to come out of the Bakken and the lower rate that was received for those barrels.
Sheridan Swords: Shneur, this is Sheridan. We are doing this day-to-day to be able to capture the most spread between the markets. So we saw that in February, where the price of gas spiked really high then we shut down the incentive program and did not buy ethane out during that period of time. So it really is a day-to-day decision that, we can make. So we're looking at both the regional gas price in the Bakken and the price of ethane in Mont Belvieu to make those decisions. And we didn't bring out the whole 100,000. We only brought out a small portion of ethane during this period of time.
Sheridan Swords: Really right now as we see it we think we are better served by doing it day-to-day instead of -- because we get to capture the full -- we get to capture the spread for what we buy it on the gas price and what we sell it for ethane. If we lock in a longer term, we'd have to lock in that spread and we think that that spread is going to continue to widen. So we'd rather do it on a day-to-day basis at this time.
Sheridan Swords: Jean-Ann, this is Sheridan. No, I don't think it has anything to do with gas limited takeaway. What has to do with is we're seeing strength in ethane demand on the Gulf Coast and we saw a spread between gas in the Bakken and ethane prices on the Gulf Coast that we want to take advantage of. And we continue to see that grow especially now as we head into May, we're seeing a lot of increased demand for ethane in the Gulf Coast from our assets down there, probably as strong as we've seen in the last three or four years going into May.
Sheridan Swords: Well, what I -- this is Sheridan. What I would say is that I don't see a whole lot of uplift in that average rate. One is we are seeing a lot of pressure on rates for new volume out in the Permian that's out there right now that's putting pressure on that. So our legacy volumes are going to be where they're at, because they're on long-term contracts. But I think as we bring new volumes on they will be at a lower rate. So I don't see a whole lot of uptick in the average rate on the West Texas system.
Sheridan Swords: Well, right now we've seen sometimes there's been some new rates done, that is basically at our average rate today for both transportation and fractionation.
Sheridan Swords: This is Sheridan. You will see the uptick from incentivized ethane showing up in the NGL segment. But in our forecast for the remainder of the year, we do not -- we did not forecast any incentivized ethane in that forecast. So that will all be upside if we find the opportunity to bring more ethane out of the Bakken.
Sheridan Swords: Timm, this is Sheridan. I would say yes you're right. I'm not going to answer what it is. But the variable cost is just the top cost to pump it from the Bakken and to run it through a frac. Just electricity and gas to do that. That's the only difference. The difference between bringing it out of the Bakken versus the Mid-Continent is just that the Mid-Continent is closer to Mont Belvieu than the Bakken is so you have less pumping capacity -- less pumps you have to run to get it down there. So not that big a variable cost.
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin here James. The -- yes absolutely. Like we said in the remarks, we expect a significant increase in the completions. Chuck and his team these conversations we're having with producers are literally days and just a couple of weeks old. And we anticipate a pretty sizable step-up in Q2 and Q3. Q4 is always a little dependent on the weather as you think about that, but we still feel really good about our 300 guidance. So yes it would need -- we'll see a pickup in the summer.
Kevin Burdick: No. I think the thing to do is I just go back over the time. We provide the information of the trend that's happened over the last -- what is it 70-plus percent over the last four years or something like that. And we have no reason to believe that's going to taper off.
Kevin Burdick: Thanks, Terry. No, Shneur it's all the things that you mentioned. Conversations with customers not just our G&P customers, but as Sheridan and his team work with their customers across all the basins. It's just that we anticipate increasing activity. We've seen prices stabilize here appear at a nice level. Clearly, that can generate fantastic returns in most every basin we're in. The gas to oil ratio increasing in the Bakken gives us more confidence that you're going to continue to see those volumes tick up. So there's just a lot of factors that go into that. And I think a key -- as we have conversations with the producers particularly in the Bakken, the note is as they're going to work the DUC inventory, I know a lot's been written about well where are the rigs? Well, they're going to work their DUC inventory down first, and then as that declines and it gets back to more of a normalized rate then we'll probably see and we expect to see rigs come back based on our conversations with them. So all those reasons are why we think in the back half of the year, you will see an increase and a tick up not necessarily in completion crews but in rigs. And that will provide the momentum as we go into 2022.
Kevin Burdick: Christine, this is Kevin. I mean, we're not going to provide a lot more color at this point because it's an outlook. But clearly, when you look at our footprint, we feel pretty strong about the Bakken. We think there's going to be growth there. We've got a good -- great position in the Permian. We've seen activity levels pick up there as well. And -- but no I don't think, it's going to -- from a Mid-Continent perspective, it's -- we don't have a lot of growth baked in to that basin.
Kevin Burdick: No. Christine, this is Kevin. We've talked about that plan. When we built the first one there, that was geographically more isolated than our other facilities. So we have a small amount of ability to move gas around to other plants. But effectively that plant is near full at this point. But producers are working closely with us to align their timing to the timing of when our infrastructure not just the plant but also some of the field infrastructure necessary to gather the gas to get it to the plant. So we've mentioned the four large producers down there in Continental in Marathon in ConocoPhillips and XTO, large acreage positions and they are coordinating with us extremely closely on the timing, so that we don't flare gas down there.
Kevin Burdick: I think the way a lot of the developments occurring nowadays is it will be a little lumpy, I mean as they bring on pads. But yes, you're not going to see some massive step change the day the plant comes up. Because again, producers we all are extremely concerned and want to reduce flaring as much as possible. And so the coordination among us and our customers is very tight on the timing of when the capacity will be available.
Kevin Burdick: Spiro, this is Kevin. Yes. The Bear Creek facility and the related field infrastructure is included in that forecast. The things that would get you to the higher end is really more activity. I mean if you look at that CapEx, you've got our maintenance cap which is pretty static. And then, the rest of it is Bear Creek II and routine growth, which are things like well connects and some small projects in the other segments. And so to the extent, we see increased activity and that comes sooner. And we would need some more kind of that standard high-return well connect capital. That's what would take you towards the higher end. The rest of it is just going to be timing as far as how the capital is spent over the course of the year.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. The key thing to me about our capital spend as we look forward is the available capacity or the operating leverage, we have across our assets. We referenced in our remarks, about the capacity we'll have in the Bakken from a processing perspective. We recently completed an expansion on Elk Creek to bring it up to 300,000 barrels a day. And we've still got the legacy Bakken NGL line, combined with OPPL that we could always use. We talked about the minor expansion on Arbuckle II. We've got capacity in West Texas. So we can grow our EBITDA without a significant uptick in capital. So yes, you're probably going to think of it more in lines of 2021, if you're talking about 2022 more in line of that versus we're not going to have to add another long-haul pipeline or something like that.
Kevin Burdick: No, that's just -- we provided the information previously that ever 25,000 barrels a day of volume coming out of the Rockies is worth about $100 million of EBITDA. So, that's just doing the math there of 100,000 barrels a day of ethane if it all came online at full rates would be worth $400 million of EBITDA a year.
Kevin Burdick: Craig, I think there's a couple of things in there. One you referenced DAPL. If you think about we've talked previously about the impact we believe to DAPL at this point and talking to our customers is quite small. Given the time that's now passed, we're well into the year, and the pipeline is still operating, and there's still not a clear path of what's going to happen to it. The EIS is supposed to be complete by the, I think, March of 2022. So even in the scenario where it would get shut down, I don't know that there's that much impact to 2022 as everybody believes that process is going to -- will ultimately get the permit. So from that standpoint that's how we're thinking about DAPL. Just -- and on the rig counts, we kind of answered that previously that we absolutely believe there will be an uptick in rigs and activity levels in the second half of this year, as to what that exactly looks like as we move into 2022 that remains to be seen and that's why the range is provided.
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin. I mean, as Terry mentioned earlier, as we evaluate these projects, we are going to maintain our financial discipline, our economic thinking and the return standards that we have. Does that mean it's a four times project like some of our others, probably not. But is it going to earn a reasonable return? Yes, we believe they will. So, we will definitely -- if we're spending capital, we're going to be looking for a return on that capital.
Kevin Burdick: We are -- our team is working it hard. I mean, there is a lot of opportunities out there and we are evaluating them to look and see how they fit with our footprint, with our capabilities and the need for us to get involved and the opportunities. So, we're not going to rush it. It's important to us. We're working hard at it, but it's not something we're going to do just to say we've got a project. We're going to again make sure, it's the right strategic and financial fit for us.
Kevin Burdick: It may be any of those or all of the above. I mean we have situations where we may -- if we can secure power for a lower cost and it's a cleaner renewable energy, we'd absolutely do that. And we -- and have the opportunity to benefit in that. In other parts of our business that gets -- those power costs may get passed along. So we would help out our customers. We may be in a situation where we can provide the power to the assets. So we're not constraining ourselves one way or the other and how we're thinking about providing renewable power to -- for our assets.
Chuck Kelley: And James this is Chuck. What I would add to what Kevin said is, we completed the 38 in Q1 but a lot of that planning was done back in Q4 and a lot of the producers still had some uncertainty over stability of crude pricing what was DAPL going to do. So we didn't anticipate Q1 will be strong. But as Kevin said, the ramp is extremely good starting here in Q2, we're already seeing it and certainly into Q3 and these are recent conversations.
Chuck Kelley: Tristan this is Chuck. I'd say that the rig activity we anticipate certainly would start to -- you would start to see rigs showing up here toward the end of spring and the beginning of summer. It's definitely a second half activity. As Kevin referenced earlier, our producers have told us that they're going to work through their DUC inventory first then bring the rigs in like they traditionally do midyear and ramp that up. And with -- we've got one good indicator up there right now. We've gone from two to eight completion crews in the basin. And you think about completion crews and the well connects that we have for the balance of the year; we're pretty excited about hitting that 300-plus number. And as we look into next year, certainly see no less than that obviously. So, without really getting into 2022 specifics, we think we're going to have a lot of tailwinds behind us this year and going into next year.
Chuck Kelley: Yes, Jean Ann, this is Chuck. That was pretty much due to weather and then a little bit of drilling in some areas that are a little hard to get to right now, but it is not -- it's not an indication of increased flaring forthcoming in the basin.
Chuck Kelley: Timm, this is Chuck. I would -- we gave guidance earlier this year on the average fee being $0.95 to $1. It's been $1.04 the past two quarters. I'd just say you could probably hang your hat on $1 and we're going to have quarters where we're above it. And there might be just $0.01 or so below it. But I think $1 is a good number. You might see a couple of cents above that throughout the year.
Chuck Kelley: Yes. Michael, this is Chuck. Second question first. No we've been paid for the gas sales that we made in February. So there are no accounts receivable out there for that. Secondly, your volume question on impact of Winter Storm Uri, it was primarily a Mid-Continent impact for us. As Kevin mentioned in his remarks, it was 30 million a day for the quarter, so 30 x 90, 2.7 Bcf. So essentially, if you had a 10-day event in the Mid-Con, 270 million a day for 10 days, so our plants -- our producers behind those plants obviously have well freeze-offs. Plants had some power issues. So, it was primarily a Mid-Continent issue for us in G&P. Had a little bit of an impact in the Bakken, but February is always tough in the Bakken.
Chuck Kelley: Yes. Robert, this is Chuck. TC Energy is the operator of Northern Border. And in discussions with them, we understand they're still working with the customers up in the Upper Midwest as well as the downstream pipelines that they interconnect with, looking to develop a tariff solution that addresses the operational concerns and balances the interest of parties from the Bakken on into Chicago. So more to come.
