Terry Spencer: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. As always we appreciate your continued interest in investment in ONEOK. Joining me today's call are Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Before I hand the call over and I have a few brief opening remarks. I am going to start up by saying how much I appreciate the efforts of our employees who personally endured Hurricane Harvey, employees at our Mont Belvieu area facility and countless others at our company work tirelessly to keep our assets running safely in order to provide needed services to our customers. I am very proud of them. And as expected, their dedication and commitment to this company continuous to be nothing shorter remarkable. I should also mention that the swift recovery of the Mont Belvieu infrastructure following Harvey would not have been possible without the hard work and cooperation of many of our industry peers, customers, service providers and local governments. Many thanks to them. I also wanted to extend our thoughts and prayers to the victims, their families and all effected by the senseless tragedy that occurred in New York City yesterday afternoon. The city and its people once again prove its courage and resolves as it copes with this tragic event. Moving on to our third quarter performance, building off our second quarter results. Third quarter performance was strong benefiting from natural gas and natural gas liquids volume growth and higher transportation revenues in our natural gas pipeline segment. These results demonstrate that we are well on our way to achieving our 2017 guidance. As we stand today compared to a year ago, rig counts have increased in the states we served by 70%, driven primarily by technological advances in drilling which has made exploration more effective, more efficient and production more prolific. We are seeing petrochemical facilities and ethane cracker coming online and expect two more to startup in the next several months. The industry has been anticipating these startups for several years and now we are beginning to see real demand for ethane, which Kevin will discuss more in a moment. We're also hearing from customers about the next wave of petrochemical facilities to be designed and built on the Gulf Coast. I mention this because it's important to point out the energy industry is once again proving its resiliency and its adaptability to the market place. I believe ONEOK has played a big part in that by continuing to invest capital to aggregate supply and deliver it to the markets. We are well positioned to meet the needs of our customers today and we are committed to continue investing in and around our assets to meet their needs into the future. With that I will now turn the call over to Walt.
Terry Spencer: Thanks Kevin. I have just a couple of closing comments as it relates to our future growth projects before we take your questions. Following the West Texas LPG expansion announcement, we still continue to develop our unannounced inventory of potential capital growth projects. We've updated that inventory which is now between 2.5 billion and 3.5 billion compared with 1.5 billion to 2.5 billion previously. This inventory remains heavily focused on NGL infrastructure which we anticipate could be announced between now and 2020. We are expanding our existing businesses and continuing to focus on deploying capital prudently at attractive returns and in ways that will create value for our customers and investors. Finally I want to once again thank all of our employees for their continued hard work and their commitment to safe operations, our customers and the communities we operated in. Operator, we are now ready for questions.
Terry Spencer: Well, I think you should always - this is Terry. I think you should always think about that, got this base run rate of kind of routine growth but we're continually working this backlog of new projects. And as contractual commitments and anchor customers come together, certainly we'll go forward and take those projects to our board. So we've got a number of projects that are in various stages of development, as those things those things mature like we've always said, we will not only - once we get those approve, our board will certainly go public with those.
Terry Spencer: Well, of course we will look at every opportunity that we have to fund the business going forward. We're pleased to be in a position with a very strong investment grade balance sheet and traditional capital access is something that we enjoy and it would probably be where we would lean more towards. But we'll say though that price of everything that's in the marketplace and evaluate whether as it fit into our cap structure or not.
Terry Spencer: No, I mean specific to your question about G&P, yeah when you do that math that where you get to. The one dynamic that we always at least consider as we're thinking about the fourth quarter for gathering and processing is weather, especially when you look at the month of December, we do historically see a little bit of a pullback of our volumes. So we do factor that in. I don't think we see any lingering effects related to Harvey from our business. As we've talked about we've seen it transitioning a little bit just overall we talk about the volume growth we have seen in October in our NGL segment. Clearly a decent chunk of that volume growth would be ethane which would since signaled that the ethane recovery story starting a little bit. So that's - I mean that's how I would frame up kind of how we're thinking about guidance in still holding that firm.
Terry Spencer: Yeah, we will - I mean yeah with that with the recent announcements obviously we're getting - we're hot and heavy into the construction on those projects that we've announced, so you would see that capital ramp up in the Q4.
Terry Spencer: Sure. As we think about those the - up to 40,000 barrels a day, it goes room service on the back half of 2018, we would expect that volume to ramp up maybe over a year to two, past in service date.
Terry Spencer: Well the 40,000 that we referenced in the press release, we do have a bundle of service with them. We will be fracing those barrels. So it's a total package deal for us. The pipeline does give us the opportunities, we talk to more people to bring more volume on that and fractionated as well at or below multiples that we will see on this project.
Terry Spencer: Well, certainly in our thinking we don't have any M&A factored in but we're always going to be thinking about those opportunities and certainly we've got a strong currency to work with, certainly, financially sound company. But I can tell you what our focus will be heavily organic and any M&A whether it's a bolt on asset or whether it's something even broader from a strategic perspective will certainly just be an opportunistic approach. So heavy organic will be the key strategy, key focus for 2018.
Terry Spencer: Yes, Christine, that was primarily around ethane and it also relates to the maintenance activities that we saw at our assets and how we had to move gas around and to continue to process as much of the gas as we possibly could. We did end up projecting more ethane than we had the previous quarter. In addition to that, another dynamic that was going on during the same time is our deethanizer at state line really ramped up during that time period. So the NGLs produced actually went up, but yet the NGLs we were pushing down the pipe went down a little bit.
Terry Spencer: No. it was - again it was primarily ethane that was rejected due to a lot of the maintenance and other activities that were going on. And then the ethane that's going through the deethanizer does end up in markets in Canada as well.
Terry Spencer: Well, we're really seeing increasing in all of our regions. We talked about we talked about the Bakken barrels being down and now we're back up to those levels before. Mid-Continent volumes are up as well. A chunk of that is going to be ethane. As we have seen ethane recovery pick up during the month of October. We still think that will fluctuate a little bit when this come online and go through the startup. But again, we've seen some nice volume growth out of all the areas.
Terry Spencer: Remember a lot of ethane's pipe come on is going to be value based barrel coming out in Mid-Continent which would be at a higher. Then the average rate that we have in our presentation because that has booked Conway and Bellevue and we talk about the Mid-Continent. So probably just slightly higher than that.
Terry Spencer: I mean obviously with DAPL, it clearly anytime we can provide more pipeline takeaway capacity for crude, it benefits the producers from a reliability perspective and also just a net bag perspective. I mean, we typically hear their net bags are maybe 2 or 3 bucks better than they were before DAPL. So you know that's just increased strength and helping their cash flow to fund more drilling.
Terry Spencer: Absolutely, I mean you know you can look at some of the state and in rail who is really taken it downward trend, so that clearly the pipe is going to be more reliable than rail.
Terry Spencer: What I would tell you on what we look at Chris for that we hear from our customers on the polyethylene market, so they think that these crackers are going make ethylene but you're already seeing these companies bring on ethylene to polyethylene units. So you're really talking about where the ethylene is going. In worldwide, with the low cost of feedstock so we have the United States they're all saying the Gulf Coast crackers are much further to the left on the supply stack. So if we would overbuild and the world cannot consume that much polyethylene, you will see more the crackers and more east crackers being shut down, maybe some European crackers a long time before you see the Gulf Coast crackers shutdown. So that's why everybody - that's why you are seeing the next wave of crackers being talked about on the Gulf Coast, because this is the most advantage place today to build crackers due to the cost to feed stocks.
Terry Spencer: Well, I think from a demand side, you're going to see the growth from China and India. We also see some from Latin America and maybe a little bit from Europe but China and India are going to be the big movers on the demand side. Competition…
Terry Spencer: You said on a competition for supply. I think it's a big - don't think it's going to affect that is the gas to oil ratio, if you would see oil and gas on the BTU basis come back closer together and it would become more advantage you may see that would I think where you would see on supply. We are seeing, it depends on how you look at supply competition, obviously we are exploiting propane and ethane which are going to crackers that would compete against polyethylene, against our polyethylene this mean produced in United States, but that still pull hydrocarbon through our system and now the United States.
Terry Spencer: I think it's a combination you're seeing, where we're seeing in most of the people that want to export ethane for cracking or even propane for cracking are really in India and China and I think they want to build their own facilities over there and get advantage of feed stock from United States. The big the - people that are building the next wave of crackers are the ones that built the first wave, they're going to be obviously already heard about the Exxon Mobil Saavik cracker down the Corpus Cristi that's been announced there's and all the other people are also talking about when do they build their next cracker and all of them are saying it's probably going to be in the Gulf Coast.
Terry Spencer: Okay. Well, thank you everyone. Our quite period for the fourth quarter starts when we close our books in early January and extends until earnings are released after the market closes in late February. Have a great rest of your day.
Walter Hulse: Fortunately, there was no relation to the period of time between the announcement of merger and the closing of the merger. I think it's important to note that we've announced this 500 million or so of new growth projects since June and we wanted to use the ATM to make sure that we funded those because they were in addition to the CapEx that we had previously been discussing. So it was more of a getting ahead of the game and making sure that as we look at forward growth projects, we maintain a very strong balance sheet.
Walter Hulse: Sure Shneur. This is Walt. The dividend growth rate that was previously announced was supported by base growth CapEx in line with the past couple of years. New projects enhance these cash flows and will produce more free cash flow to reinvest in our business and maintain our strong balance sheet.
Walter Hulse: Yeah the op costs are really just more of our growth in dealing with that. Yes, there was a little bit in there for the hurricane but again every quarter typically we will see some one time attributes. But I think that be - it would probably be a decent run rate as we think about going forward.
Walter Hulse: Craig, I still thing we still reach that by the end of the decade as we go through especially as we look at all the projects and all the plans that we are looking at right now and how that kind of drills. But we knew it will take us sometime when we bought the assets to get our strategy in place because lot of the plans that are coming on. When we first bough the assets, we are already committed, so we knew we had to wait for the second wave of gas plants have been built that were not committed, and that's where we all right now and we are finding that we can very effectively compete for these gas plants. And so I still think that we will reach that 6 to 8 times by the end of the decade.
Walter Hulse: We got to look at it, fractionation is - our fractionation system pulls from all across our assets and then we see growing to the whole things. So it all depends on when those fractionation capacity is needed. As we keep room like this, as Terry mentioned, we will probably end up happened to build more fractionation capacity and we will see the Permian is being able to help support that growth and we will get market rates for that.
Walter Hulse: The original when we get that originally was more based on just pure cares and not the fractionation piece.
Kevin Burdick: Yeah Terry, again we excited about STACK and SCOOP. And I think our volume growth sequential quarter-to-quarters just shows that and just demonstrates some of the potential. On the G&P side, we do have the 200 million a day off load that we've got out there that's expected to be complete by the end of the year, so that's the first tranche of capacity. Then we've also got the Canadian Valley two expansion which we've announced. And beyond that our NGL segment with the footprint we've got in the STACK and the SCOOP there, there's a lot of other additional plants I think they just came out yesterday and announced a new plant that would be under our contract with them. So a lot of activity going on in the STACK and the SCOOP, producers have come out here, in just the last couple calls I've seen and talked about moving to kind of the full development program which just drives the efficiency of the rigs up. And so there's a lot of opportunity for us given our footprint in the STACK.
Kevin Burdick: You know with the volumes that we have seen in the Williston, we probably especially as we moved into the third quarter and gotten past some of this maintenance, we're probably - excuse me into the fourth quarter and gotten pass some of the maintenance, we probably have 125 million a day of capacity left. So with the rig activity we're seeing and the well performance that we're seeing then clearly we could see additional processing capacity that we would need.
Kevin Burdick: Well, we're not going to give specific guidance 2018, but I would say that we do expect to have significant EBITDA growth that will help those levers statistics along in the most dramatic fashion.
Kevin Burdick: I think given level of our CapEx, we expect to see our deleveraging come more from the increase in EBITDA than a drop in that.
Kevin Burdick: Tom, this is Kevin. Yeah, it's again, we converted so much of our through the contract restructuring, we've moved so much of the commodity exposure to fee, it is primarily fee and when you combine that with our hedge position for 2017, virtually all that is just volume growth with the fee increase.
Kevin Burdick: Well, we were in a position today were in this particular quarter, we cover the dividend by 1.3 times and we expect to have significant dividend coverage going forward which will give us a lot of excess cash flow to put back into the business and reinvest in the business. We as I said previously, the dividend growth that we had previously guided to was based on kind of the run rate dividend - run rate CapEx that we've been spending over the last couple years. So as we have these lot of multiple projects, we just expect to have even more cash flow to invest in the business going forward.
Sheridan Swords: Brian, this is Sheridan. It's a very competitive landscape out there, but as we've said before with have an existing pipeline that we can incrementally add capacity to it to dial in to what the customer actually needs. We can do it much cheaper and faster than other pipelines, brand new pipelines that are coming in there. So we see ourselves being very competitive. And with this new expansion in here, we get this us into position that we can compete even better for these Delaware barrels. And we have been talked to multiple producers and processors out there in the short term before we announced this. And after we announced this, we've even had more come to us and want to get on this pipeline, we want to talk this about. So we're very excited what this bring to us and very excited about seeing more expansions come out.
Sheridan Swords: Michael, you're exactly right that you will have to continue to expand the mainline that's when we get into we can expand and spend that capital on the mainland as we get the commitments on the lateral coming in there. So we don't have to spend it all upfront, we can incremental life that capital in there. And as I said we expect those projects that we're working on now to expand the mainline to bring more volume in on the lateral will be in at or better than the 4 to 6 times that the original one is. We did put some upfront capital in there to put a bigger piece of pipe in the ground, so that we are better able to compete in the Delaware.
Sheridan Swords: Christine. This is Sheridan. Yes, we are looking at the total system both over the past and Bakken pipeline to look at all alternatives to expand it. But you are correct, Overland Pass is full, so any expansion on the Bakken pipeline will have to take into account takeaway from the bottom end and we're looking at all options. But all options to expand that system as we continue to see the robust growth in the Williston.
Sheridan Swords: There's a lot of different options there, it could be looping of the existence system or completely new system.
Sheridan Swords: Well, again physically all the gas out of the basin is virtually all of it is ultimately ending up on Northern border that ends up in the Mid-Continent the upper Midwest markets. So how it gets priced is really a separate from an acre prospective is really a little bit, it's a different question. But all the gas and we're confident that with the growth projections we see out there that we will continue to be able to move all the residue out of the region on board.
Sheridan Swords: This is Sheridan. There will be close. Typically we have a little bit of a breakdown for ethane, a little bit of an incentive, but it's going to be materially in the line of what we've given.
Sheridan Swords: That's exactly right. But we expect the Bellevue barrels to come out first which would be higher than the Conway price barrels.
Sheridan Swords: Yeah, I definitely agree. And you are very right, there is more of this ethane, and we talked about more volume growth. We will consume more of the pipeline for fee based business and that will leave less capacity for optimization activities.
