Derek Reiners: Okay, thank Terry. Starting at the partnership, second quarter 2016 adjusted EBITDA increased 3% compared with the second quarter of 2016 and year-to-date adjusted EBITDA of approximately $1.4 billion represents 23% increase, compared with the same period last year, benefiting from recently completed capital growth projects across our system and sustained higher average fee rates in the natural gas gathering and processing segment. ONEOK Partners’ distribution and coverage ratio was 1.11 times for both the third quarter and year-to-date 2016. In yesterday’s earnings release we also lowered the partnership’s expected maintenance capital spend for 2016. About $10 million of this reduction relates primarily to the timing of an NGL relocation project, $5 million for information technology upgrades, $5 million from lower than expected vendor and contractor costs, with the balance being various smaller items. We continue deleveraging the partnership’s already strong balance sheet as trailing 12 months GAAP debt to EBITDA improved again to 4.3 times at September 30. We continue to expect leverage of 4.2 times or less for the full year 2016. The partnership has ample liquidity and more than $1.7 billion of capacity on its $2.4 billion credit facility at September 30. In October we repaid $450 million, 6.15% senior notes with the combination of cash on hand and short-term borrowings. We continue to have no debt or equity capital market needs, until well into 2017. However, we will continue to assess the markets for opportunities to proactively manage our future debt maturities and liquidity at the partnership. The proactive steps we’ve taken to improve our leverage position and balance sheet are being recognized. In October, Moody’s affirmed the partnership’s investment grade Baa2 credit rating and improved our outlook to stable from negative. Also, we expect these improvements will provide the partnership flexibility with excess coverage in the future. Options include, repaying debt, funding capital expenditures, acquisitions or increasing the distribution. On a standalone basis ONEOK ended third quarter with more than $230 million of cash and continues to expect to have approximately $250 million by year-end 2016, with an undrawn $300 million credit facility allowing us continued financial flexibility. ONEOK’s third quarter dividend coverage was 1.3 times consistent with the second quarter. ONEOK’s healthy coverage and liquidity provides flexibilities we transition into 2017. Leverage improvements increased distribution coverage and increased fee base earnings at ONEOK Partners have decreased thee potential need for ONEOK’s support of the partnership. We will continue to be a supportive general partner to ONEOK partners, to help maintain its investment grade credit ratings, but also recognize that we have many potential options for the excess coverage at ONEOK. Those options include purchasing additional units in the partnership, repaying debt, repurchasing ONEOK shares, funding ONEOK Partners capital growth at the ONEOK level, acquisitions and increasing dividends to shareholders. I’d like to reiterate, from a financial perspective, we’re pleased with the progress we’ve made in 2016 at ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. Through the downturn we’ve maintained our $0.615 per quarter dividend and ONEOK and $0.79 per quarter distribution at ONEOK Partners, while also improving coverage and reducing leverage through the proactive steps we’ve taken. And we continue looking for additional ways to increase shareholder value. Now, I’ll turn the call back over to Terry.
Derek Reiners: Eric, this is Derek. We will guide to cash taxes for 2017 when we rollout the rest of our guidance, maybe later this year or early next year. We do think about and we do forecast cash taxes as we think about distributions. Obviously, we’ve been running sicker coverage at OKE here in this period of some uncertainty, but as we look forward and think about the dividend growth, we’ll consider the cash tax as a part of that announced.
Derek Reiners: Christine, this is Derek. I think it depends a bit on the nature of the - of the acquisition and the - and the assets or the businesses within - within that business. So, if you think about what we've been trying to do over time is move more towards fee-based businesses, certainly the pipelines business where we've got Road Runner now in service in the West Texas expansion. Those more highly fee-based businesses perhaps could carry a little bit more leverage than one that’s more volatile. So, I think it would depend a bit on that. What we've been targeting at the partnership for leverage is four times or less and we think we're going to be at 4.2 times or less by the end of this year. So, I don't think you would expect it to be dramatically higher than what we're thinking about today.
Derek Reiners: Yeah, John, this is Derek. We do expect leverage to continue to ratchet down as we move through 2017. So, we’ll be - I would expect that we would be in that area.
Derek Reiners: Well, sure, John, we would - I don't think we draw bright lines here and we're certainly looking forward even beyond ‘17 as we think about it going back to increasing the distribution. So if we've got to the good line of sight, I don't know that we're going to draw a bright line. But as I mentioned, we continue to see that leverage ratchet down and you've really seen that quarter after quarter here. I don't expect that to change.
Wes Christensen: Yeah, I think you’re thinking about that right Eric. Certainly we have - look the two balance sheets have some flexibility in terms of structuring any sort of an acquisition. Stock-for-stock deals probably would not result in a step up in the basis, but if we structure the transaction in some other ways such that the acquired entity is stepped up for tax purposes and obviously that would generate a fair amount of additional shield there.
Wes Christensen: Yeah, I think, Shneur, yeah, we’re thinking very similar to our peers caring a bit thicker coverage I think broadly speaking over the long term at OKS, coverage in the 101 to 102 range is kind of how we're thinking about it longer term.
Wes Christensen: If we can - if we can establish a sustainable coverage at that level, then certainly we've got to be thinking about distribution growth when we get to that point.
Wes Christensen: Now, Christine, so the looping projects that we're talking about, we're not talking about necessarily a loop of the entire pipeline. These are - these are strategic loops between pump stations that we put depending upon the volumetric need in the most efficient place. So we're not talking about looping the entire - entire pipeline. So, that’s something - so the capital - the capital expense a lot greater than just putting in pumps is not going to be the same as looping the entire pipeline.
Wes Christensen: Most of the transactions - potential targets that we - that we think about do have some overlap within our existing footprint, but do modestly reach into some other areas? I think that that could make sense for us. Looking something - looking a collection of assets stand-alone significantly outside our geographic footprint just the buying stuff because it's perhaps - you can get it at a good value. Certainly it doesn't have much appeal to us. But - but yeah modestly outside our footprint, it could make some sense.
Wes Christensen: No, we're not going to provide that information. We're going to - we go through our planning process here for 2017 here and to say we’re in the middle of that process now. When we issue guidance, maybe we'll provide a bit more specificity for you. We're not prepared to do that at this point.
Wes Christensen: Well, certainly just the overall industry climate commodity price environment, our producers are feeling how are they - how are they spending their capital, the petrochemical space, are they on schedule with their petrochemical plants, and - and just the general - the general climate of the industry and in particular our business.
Sheridan Swords: The only thing I would add is that we continue to get multiple calls from the processors out there trying to add more plants in the area and as processors are talking to us, they continue to revise their volumes up. So, the chance of that moving forward in the two to three time frame is a great possibility.
Sheridan Swords: Yeah, to get to the whole 100 million we need to spend, the whole 100,000, we need to spend about 100 million and a bulk of that is going to be the incremental pumps on Sterling to get to the 60,000.
Sheridan Swords: Christine, I think ideally for us, the objective is not to get to four, but to get below four. And that's really - that's the long term goal, stay below four.
Sheridan Swords: The ethane is about, Christine, this is Sheridan. The ethane is about the same between the two quarters. We are seeing - as we saw a [ph] little bit of ramp up in our other volumes from the third-party plant that kind of makes up a little bit of the difference there.
Sheridan Swords: Well, actually about - I think what we said is 25,000 barrels a day is what ORM has extracted. What our plants have, we’re seeing above 30,000 barrels a day if you put all the plants in there.
Sheridan Swords: Christine, if you want to add more raw fee capacity between the Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast, which would be expanding Sterling beyond the 60,000 or expanding our buckle you will be talking about loops and it will be more meaningful.
Sheridan Swords: Well, a lot depends on how much volume you want to put on there and which one we put it on, but I can't give you an idea without having running through the hydraulics and everything else and volume predictions.
Sheridan Swords: Well, the new build would be substantially more expensive. I mean if you're going to - and we think about putting pumps on is actually really low-hanging fruit, very cheap, as we just said. You get 60,000 barrels a day for less than 100 million. And if you're going to go put in a line depending on what size of the line and you're talking probably a little bit under $100 million, I mean a 100 - a million dollars a mile to put that in. So looping is going to be much closer to the putting pumps on than it will be to a completely new build.
Sheridan Swords: Craig, this is Sheridan. Yeah, we're still confident. We’re still getting - we are out there actively engaged with a lot of potential new processing plants that are coming on. So we’re very excited about the volume growth that we see on the West Texas system. So, we - yeah, we’re very confident about getting the six to eight times by I think what we said is 2020.
Sheridan Swords: We are below market on the rates. I think the best thing we could say about is that we're going through the process. We're comfortable about our case. But it's up to the Texas Railroad Commission how the case progresses. So, we hope it soon.
Sheridan Swords: Phil, you probably looked from a multiple standpoint, probably on the low end of that five - of our typical five to seven times, are you going to be on the low end of that multiple range,
Sheridan Swords: The spot volumes in the third quarter were minimal. We didn’t have all that spot lines in the third quarter, Craig.
Sheridan Swords: Craig, I think from the NGL’s perspective, as we look at, we want to have something that is complimentary to the assets that we already have something that bolts on. I mean obviously from a resource play, the Permian is a very good play with West Texas pipeline, but in other areas anything we can put into our system to be able to continue that integrated chain is what we're going to be looking at.
Kevin Burdick: Yeah. So, you answered the question. We do have capacity available today for some of it. I think what we said, Sheridan, 40,000 barrels a day today. So, that's capacity that's existing naturally in the system that we don't - we don't have to expend any meaningful capital for that. There's the incremental 60,000 barrels a day that gets you to the 100,000 is where we'd have to spend some capital and I think that number was on the order of 100 million.
Kevin Burdick: So, the gathering infrastructure that we have in the play is pretty extensive and it's been there a while and it's - we’re well positioned. It’s the downstream moving the barrels downstream to the market where, as Sheridan indicates, where that capital has been spent.
Kevin Burdick: Yeah, this is Kevin. It's really both. I mean we are seeing - there have been the delays that have really caused the lower volumes and the lower guidance. Those pads are coming online. We've seen some of that already completed in October. There are now some - some more - many additional wells to come online through the rest of this year and we've also got visibility into early ‘16 to expect that ramp to continue on into the early parts of ‘16 as well. So, with the producer activity and the ramp that we've seen in completions and also some visibility we have into rigs going forward, that's what gives us the confidence that that ramp will continue through Q4 and then into Q1.
Kevin Burdick: Well, it's - it is a little too early to talk about some specific numbers into Q1 and part of the reason there is, as Terry talked in his remarks, the size of these wells are extremely large. So, pads or wells being completed and moving around a little bit can swing your numbers. But as we release our guidance for ‘17, we’ll provide some more color on how that - how that ramp occurs throughout the year.
Kevin Burdick: Yeah, that’s kind of where we're maybe - maybe slightly lower than that right now and that's where we do expect that number will start to trend down through the fourth quarter and that's what as we've talked about our Williston volumes and Terry in his remarks, when we think about the increased activity we're seeing, a lot of that is the completion of docks. So, we'll see that number trend down between now and the end of the year.
Kevin Burdick: Well, so, Jeremy, we continue to assess opportunities and the challenges continue to find opportunities and our potential targets that are willing to transact. The bid/ask spread is still - is still wide. I think there will be more transactions and certainly for us as we think about transactions and we just - not just from an M&A perspective, but acquisitions strategically make a lot of sense and those are good fit. Do they make sense within our footprint, do they bring in an olden amount of commodity risk to us or do they perhaps bring a lot of fee-based, stable fee-based business to us? Those are all things that we think about and certainly our bias is more toward fee-based and not as much commodity exposures as some of the midstream businesses have.
Kevin Burdick: This is Kevin. Yeah, we're - we're still in that 70 million to 80 million a day range, we have brought on Bear Creek. We don't have - the state reports of the flaring a couple of months in arrears, so we don't have that data yet to give the exact numbers, but I would absolutely - I mean we know the flaring has gone down as Bear Creek has ramped up. We've just, as recently as last weekend, kind of completed the last step of a gathering system expansion that put out some additional flares. So, I would expect that run rate - we’re expecting that run rate maybe to be in the 5% range kind of going forward if we think about the - our total production in the gas capture we expect going forward.
Kevin Burdick: Oh, okay, yeah, 5% of the production. So, if you go back to that theoretical chart that we put out there, we’re in that a little over a 800 million a day of production on our acreage. So if you look at 5% of that, 40 million to 50 million a day flared gas may be on going.
Kevin Burdick: Well, I don't - I don't think that it's ever going to go away completely. I mean there's always going to be some level of flared gas just to - just due to ongoing. You're always tying in new new infrastructure and new well connects, you're always going to have operational hiccups. So, there's always going to be some level of flaring and that's what I think that 5% range that would be kind of an ongoing run rate.
