Terry K. Spencer: Thank you, Wes. Let's discuss the strategic acquisition we announced last week, which substantially increased our operating presence in the Permian as we already have a significant position with our natural gas pipeline segment's ownership of the West Texas transmission intrastate natural gas pipeline system. With the acquisition of the West Texas LPG pipeline and the Mesquite NGL pipeline, the partnership's presence in the Permian Basin will be significantly stronger, and this acquisition will establish a new region for natural gas liquids growth. These assets will give us access to a major new NGL supply basin and increases our gathered NGL volumes by nearly 40%, pushing our total systemwide NGL gathered volumes to approximate 800,000 barrels per day. Our expectation is to significantly grow these assets and enhance their service capability and flexibility. Our current plans call for investing approximately $500 million between 2015 and 2019 with even more potential projects to come. ONEOK Partners expects to generate an adjusted EBITDA multiple of 6x to 8x between 2017 and 2020 through enhanced customer services and volume increases from pipeline capacity expansions. I should further emphasize that potential margins realized downstream from fee-based fractionation and storage services at our Mont Belvieu facilities could further enhance these multiples. Our extensive NGL operating experience and the valuable knowledge of the approximately 75 soon-to-be-new employees joining us from Chevron will enable us to realize and maximize the true potential of these assets. We'd like to welcome these employees to the ONEOK team. From a commercial standpoint, we have positive, long-term relationships with the customers served by these assets. Many are our current customers in other basins where we operate. Our existing NGL asset position in Mont Belvieu provides us the ability to offer these customers enhanced services, including fractionation and storage and opportunity that wasn't available to them under the previous ownership. Although we intend to provide more detail on the call regarding our NGL growth plans in the Permian, we will be limited in certain of our discussions due to the existence of a confidentiality agreement and for the competitive nature of information relating to rate structures and strategies. Our current and future growth with the partnership has never looked stronger. We have completed approximately $2 billion in capital growth projects this year and expect to add $550 million to the complete list with the completion of the MB-3 fractionator later in the fourth quarter so that the partnership will have the full benefit of these completed projects in 2015. The partnership's growth is not slowing. $2.5 billion in capital investments have been announced in 2014, including our recent acquisition. Additionally, as I mentioned earlier, we increased our unannounced backlog range to $4 billion to $5 billion from the previous range of $3 billion to $4 billion in yesterday's earnings release. Earlier this year, our unannounced backlog was $2 billion to $3 billion. Our internal capital growth program continues to provide solid visibility into future earnings growth, with assets that are well positioned in multiple producing formation, high-growth, liquids rich areas, such as the Williston Basin, Powder River Basin, Cana-Woodford, Stack and SCOOP plays in Oklahoma and the Permian Basin. We continue to remain focused on our strategy to meet our customers' infrastructure needs quickly and cost-effectively. To put this year in perspective, our 2014 versus 2013 year-over-year distributable cash flow growth rate is over 20% even with ethane rejection and narrow location price differentials. Despite the ethane-related headwinds we've been facing this year, this has been a strong year of the partnership, and we are very excited for the future. We expect to continue to deliver solid returns to our unitholders and shareholders through volume growth and, predominantly, fee-based earnings. ONEOK, as a pure-play general partner, continues to provide the management and resources the ONEOK Partners to execute on these growth strategies so that the partnership can increase its distributions to unitholders, including ONEOK, enabling ONEOK to maximize its dividend payout to shareholders. In closing, I'd like to again thank our employees whose dedication and commitment allow us to operate our assets safely, reliably and environmentally responsibly every day and create exceptional value for investors and customers. Our entire management team appreciates their efforts to make our company successful. Operator, we're now ready for questions.
Terry K. Spencer: You are partially, okay? So let me try this, and here's the piece that you're missing. When we look at the growth opportunities associated with this business or with this pipeline asset, it's going to come from primarily 3 things. We've got an existing base business that's going to have some inherent growth that is volumes behind existing plants, and new plants are going to increase as drilling continues in the Permian. Considerable portion of that volume growth does not have much capital associated with it, okay? You've got another bucket of enhanced services, and I can go into some detail about that, but basically providing more flexibility, more delivery capability and, in particular, across regions providing some packaging opportunities across regions for these customers. We expect to generate enhanced revenues from that. There's not a whole lot of capital that goes with that bucket, okay? So then that leaves you with the system expansions, where we are planning to build and construct pipeline facilities to handle new volumes, incremental volumes for shippers that need to -- that need the increased capacity. That will come at a very low multiple, okay? So when you add all these up and you look at the final result, you come to a total 6x to 8x multiple on a roughly $1.3 billion capital that's going to be spent, okay? That means, so your multiple on that -- on the total incremental revenue that's being generated here looks very, very low. And it is very low because you have a lot of revenue coming that's not going to require capital investment. I hope that helps.
Terry K. Spencer: The last one I'm going to make is that in these numbers, there's no downstream revenue coming from fractionation and storage services, okay? Just to make that clear. That will be additive and can help that 6x to 8x multiple go even lower.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Christine, today, it certainly has more value as an NGL pipeline. However, in this day and time, you better be thinking about repurposing, okay? So it should always be in the back of your mind, is there a better application for this pipeline assets considering how valuable they are these days in the midstream space. So well, I couldn't rule that crude for a portion of the pipeline system. It is certainly something we have to be thinking about, and we do think about. But right now, we intend to operate this pipeline system as an NGL facility, primarily because of those integration and downstream opportunities.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Carl, what I'll tell you is, yes, we do see a potential by the time we get to 2017, of course, to have a substantial increase in EBITDA along the lines of what we initially indicated. But particularly, as you -- as we make these capital investments, which began in the 2017 time frame and moved through the 2019 time frame, we're going to see significant ramp-up in EBITDA during that period. So basically, what -- how this will look is your -- without including any downstream frac or storage synergies, your multiple is going to look about like this. In that 2017 time frame, you'll get to that 8 multiple range. And then as you move through that 2019 time frame, you'll drop to that 7 range and then move into about 2020 into that 6 range.
Terry K. Spencer: Well I think the last part of your question, the answer to that is yes, but I'm going to let Sheridan Swords take that question.
Terry K. Spencer: Okay, your second question on the optimization margins. It's -- when you look at the impact relative to what we guided to for the NGL segment, you have to note that ethane spreads have gone from about $0.07 a gallon in our guidance. So we actually experienced ethane spread to $0.025, $0.03, okay, for the quarter. So the impacts of the quarter relative to the quarter we guided for the NGL segments, is about -- that delta was a negative $14 million or $15 million roughly, okay? So it's pretty significant impact or pretty significant hole we have to come out off in order to have a pretty good quarter. And that's an indication of the strength of the volume growth that we're seeing in not just the NGL business, but the gathering and processing business as well.
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, well, I mean, the first thing I could -- would tell you that's integral to the operation to that business, but I'm going to let Sheridan provide you a little more color on your question.
Terry K. Spencer: Great question, Michael. And because it's such a great question, I'm going to pitch a great answer from Sheridan Swords.
Terry K. Spencer: And Jeremy, from a tax perspective, certainly, if we get some good news on bonus depreciation, for example, that could help us further increase the dividend. And you know how the process works. Our Board of Directors determines our dividend policy, and we sit down and we look at all of these factors and make that determination. And our expectations by the time we get to the December 3 Investor Day, if we have anything new to share with you at that point in time, which I suspect we will about our business in total, we will share our dividend outlook, particularly the dividend growth outlook for OKE with you.
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, we're looking at both, Jeremy. We're looking at asset, bolt-on projects across the midstream space. Certainly, as we said before, not all of them make any sense at all and some of them are so small in scale they don't -- won't move the needle. But we are looking at those on the M&A front. It's -- there's a lot of chat around in the marketplace right now. A lot of people are thinking about consolidation. A lot of people looking at their structure. However, as we kind of sit today, the weakening in the equities markets I'm sure has got some folks, who are considering M&A opportunities, kind of perhaps pausing a bit and thinking hard about their strategies.
Terry K. Spencer: Sure, Ted, there definitely is. I mean, we -- certainly with that NGL position, it could create great synergies with upstream gathering and processing assets. So yes, to the extent that there are gathering and processing opportunities and in particular, those that fit well with these assets, we're going to be very interested. However -- and here's the however part, the valuations that we're seeing for certain of these gathering and processing assets in the Permian are astronomical. And so that gives us pause, and we're not going to acquire gathering and processing assets at the expense of economic discipline, okay? We're just not going to do that. I think another opportunity for us is crude. We have not only the 2,600 miles of the NGL pipelines we just acquired, but we've got hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of miles of natural gas pipelines, too, that potentially could have some other purposes, in particular, for crude. So that strategy is as a result of these assets and result of us having now kind of a wider footprint in the Permian is really going to have us looking hard at crude opportunities.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Ted, the short answer is we're going to need a lot more, a lot more than we have today. We have in the works enough plants to get us up to 1.2 Bcf a day. And the analysts are indicating gas production could be easily 2 Bcf a day or more. What that tells me, we need more processing plants. We've got about a 50% -- as we sit today, about a 50% market share up there, so I would expect a lot of those plants to come right underneath and right well within our footprint. So -- and we have some of that in, of course, our unannounced backlog -- and some in our unannounced backlog, okay? So yes, we see a lot of runway there and visibility into a lot more growth.
Terry K. Spencer: You'll see -- of the $500 million, you'll see -- the $500 million, you'll see $200 million to $300 million spent net '17 to '19 time frame. And the balance of it spent earlier prior to 2017, okay? So that's kind of how the shape of the CapEx spend will look.
Terry K. Spencer: That's kind of a mouthful in terms of question, but what I'll tell you is that I'll try to give you the kind of condensed answer. And that is, throughout 2015, we expect prices to stay relatively low. You'll see ethane prices at Belvieu probably in that low $0.20 a gallon range. So fundamentally, we're still going to be oversupplied, we're still going to reject ethane at pretty high levels. So we're going to continue to see this in the 2015 time frame, and we'll see it continue in the 2016. So we'll see this narrow spread environment. We're not going to be making a whole lot of money in terms of ethane optimization for the next 18 to 24 months. And certainly, we don't have that -- we don't -- we're not counting on it in our forward view. So ethane fundamentals, while we're seeing peak demand or strong demand of 1.2 -- 1.1 million to 1.2 million barrels per day, we're balancing the market with about 350,000 barrels per day of ethane rejection as an industry, okay? So it's all well and good, and you'll hear all these good things about the spread counts. But quite frankly, we're awash in ethane and having to reject it to balance it up. I see that -- those fundamentals continuing throughout 2015.
Sheridan C. Swords: I think on your first part of the question, yes, we see the expansion of the pipeline will be predominantly looping of sections of the pipeline to increase its capacity, which we'll -- also we'll have to increase our pumping capacity as well. But as Terry said, we anticipate through our integrated services that we'll be contracting under long-term contracts with customers for our expanded capacity through the products.
Sheridan C. Swords: Michael, currently, we do ship on this pipeline. It's not currently tied into our frac, but it is tied into Mont Belvieu fracs. But we ship out small amount, less than 10,000 barrels a day on that pipeline into our fracs. As we go forward and we're looking to the moving more volume on that, we do anticipate that our marketing affiliate will move barrels on that, especially as we offer the bundled service integration services of both transportation and fractionation and storage. That will be done through the marketing piece.
Sheridan C. Swords: We do anticipate there'll be increased volumes on that piece. As we start talking about tariffs and rates, due to some existing confidentiality agreements and just think of the competitive nature of that question, we really can't dive into the rate structures at this time.
Robert F. Martinovich: Carl, I guess, from our standpoint, what we're tying that onto is, obviously, the beginning of those crackers coming on online in that '17 time frame. And I think, as we've said before, it's going to be lumpy as those come on and as ethane supply/demand start to balance out along with the ethane export. So our -- really, our view hasn't changed per se from that, and so that's really where we've kind of focused on.
Robert F. Martinovich: Yes, increased propane plus, well I'm through your second question. With regards to the first question, could you repeat that real quick? On -- your first part was...
Robert F. Martinovich: Yes, that was in the Williston Basin, Craig, where we had some more fee-based business come on online between the second and third quarter. That was predominantly the full amount.
Robert F. Martinovich: We do. It is. It's -- that particular volumes coming from our Divide County system, and so as those volumes continue to ramp up and then sustain, we'll be able to maintain that benefit.
Robert F. Martinovich: Sure. And certainly, you can get in there and look at the -- do your own calculations kind of for our fourth quarter average and come up -- you'll see volumes are up a tick overall in the fourth quarter over third quarter. But the -- it depends on where those volumes are coming from. So we're seeing a little bit more of an increase in the Williston Basin volumes and, as a result, higher margin per unit there is leading to that increase in income.
Robert F. Martinovich: What we're doing, it's really 2-part. We've got some nonstrategic pad gas that we're selling, so pretty low basis there. And then we've also got a small nonstrategic piece of pipe that, again, is from the sales to value is not much more than what we're showing there. So in total, it's not like you've got a 5x of sales value going on to get that gain.
