Terry K. Spencer: Thanks Derek and good morning. Let me begin my comments with our natural gas distribution segment. Fourth quarter and full-year 2012 earnings were higher compared with the same period last year. Reflecting higher rates in Oklahoma, Kansas, and Texas, and lower share based compensation cost as result of fewer shares of the Company’s common stock being awarded to employees in 2012 as part of our stock award program. The natural gas distribution segments operating income guidance for 2013 remains at $227 million. On the regulatory front, the Kansas Corporation Commission in December 2012 approved an increase in Kansas Gas Service’s annual rates by a net amount of $10 million, which became effective in January. Energy Services continues to experience a very challenging market, and for 2012 the segment realized an operating loss of $78 million due to low natural gas prices, and low natural gas price volatility, and narrower location and seasonal natural gas price differentials. Energy Services segment 2013 guidance remains at an operating loss of $20 million as it continues to face tough market conditions, but we are making progress and our efforts to realign our leased storage and our transport capacity with the needs of our premium service with customers. John that concludes my remarks to ONEOK.
Terry K. Spencer: Okay. I am more than happy to keep you on if I have an answer to your question.Stephen J. Maresca – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: No, I think you have. We can touch basically offline. Thanks a lot. I will get back in the queue.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, we’re running about – in the range of about $250 million a day in the three processing plants that are currently operating there. So, but certainly as we bring on a new plant, the Stateline II plant, we’ll start, we’ll be ramping up those volumes as I mentioned in my comments.Carl L. Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Terry K. Spencer: Yeah. As we bring on the NGL projects, I mean those are all fee-based projects.Ted J. Durbin – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Right.
Terry K. Spencer: You’re going to be somewhere in that $1.40, $1.50 range.Timm Schneider – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay.
Terry K. Spencer: On the (inaudible) you could be pushing $2.Timm Schneider – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay, got it. That’s it from me. Thank you.
Terry K. Spencer: No. You are going to be somewhere in the neighborhood of 45% to 50%. I mean it’s going to be pretty typical for the industry.Helen Jung Ryoo – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Terry K. Spencer: 2016 to 2017.John D. Edwards – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay all right that’s helpful, and then I think you made a comment that you are expecting I guess things to swing into possibly short supply than what, I guess I’m having trouble figuring out is – if that‘s the case, how some of the petchems would invest in steam fractures if – without secure supplies, so I am trying to figure out, are you really think the market is relatively balanced or are you really thinking it will be short.
Terry K. Spencer: Craig, it’s just a growth in the POP business, and we’re ended up with the keep-wholes around 3% down from like 6%. So it’s just growth in the other contracts, that’s what driving those numbers.Craig K. Shere – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: But the keep-whole volumes aren’t stable against to growing high, because that the total volumes were down.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, I think it’s just fair to say that keep-wholes, it’s not material. It’s probably the best way to look at it, right, for gathering and processing in our company less than 5%? So you may not want to spend a lot of time on that now.Craig K. Shere – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay fair enough. thank you, gentlemen.
Terry K. Spencer: It will actually increase, if you’re looking at just the G&P segment, as we bring all these new plants in the Bakken. I mean we will become more commodity price sensitive. and so I can’t remember what’s the percentage max is out at least in the 2015 timeframe, but it’s not a huge increase, but it will go slightly as you look at just the G&P segment, but you got to remember much of that, at the partnership level gets offset, because in our NGL segment, all of our growth projects are fee-based.Michael J. Blum – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it, okay.
Terry K. Spencer: Mike, you just got to understand there are more products than just ethane and we’re giving you this $0.05 to $0.06 ethane forward-view, but there are other products that will be optimized that could be above that. So when you look at the overall average barrel, which we don’t advertise that number for competitive reasons, you could be more in that cost-to-build range. So I mean our view really hasn’t changed, I mean we expect these spreads to come to narrow. we’ve got an unusual situation with very high ethane inventories, and the heavy rejection that’s happening has really brought these spreads in, but our long-term view as of the spreads would narrow, because of the capacity that others and ourselves are bringing online over the course of the next couple of years.Michael J. Blum – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay.
Terry K. Spencer: Does that help you?Michael J. Blum – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. It does, it does. And then last quick question from me that in the release, you have a table that shows the percent of NGL you hedged for 2013 at 45%, I’m assuming based on the price that you show there that there is no ethane that’s hedged today in that, I was wondering if there is also any propane in that number that consist all have heavier in that.
John W. Gibson: Thank you, Terry. Now Derek will review ONEOK Partners’ financial performance, and then Terry will come back and review the Partnership’s operating performance, its growth projects, and give you an update on our view of the current long-term NGL market dynamics.
John W. Gibson: Thank you, Terry. Before we take your questions, I’d like to provide at this time, some additional comments regarding our future growth. The assets that we build and are building increased our ability to add volumes to our system. And it’s our volumes, our natural gas and natural gas liquids that enable us to collect a fee when we gather, process, fractionate, store and transport these volumes for our producers, our processors and our customers. While there has been a lot of attention on the contraction of NGL differentials between the Mid-Continent and the Gulf Coast market centers.
John W. Gibson: There has been discussion at the Board about that. We will continue as we’ve indicated here along our current practice, I guess there has been discussions.Christopher P. Sighinolfi – UBS Securities LLC: Okay, I’ll hop back into the queue. Thanks guys.
John W. Gibson: Well, I am concerned. I think there are other things that we in the past have chosen to do with our cash. For example, we have used our cash at ONEOK to buy more equity in ONEOK Partners. That’s been an awfully good investment for us. We’ve purchased shares. We will continue. We want the flexibility to continue to do as we have in the past. I think as we look and Derek made a mention of this forward. We do loose some benefit associated with bonus depreciation. And as I read, we are prescribed to be or thought to be very conservative. I look it as much more long-term focus and want to do momentarily conservative, but we just want to make sure, we have the flexibility to do the things that we see opportunities to execute.
John W. Gibson: Yeah that is, no, let me start I said yes and no. Let me be clear, we do not have that view. We’re very optimistic. We look at to be continuing at the present level going forward. We made a judgment up there relative to what we see in 2013 to 2015 and felt like it was prudent for us to come back through 2012 particularly given the fact that we’ve reduced our distribution in ONEOK Partners, so we’ll have little bit less cash coming over from ONEOK Partners to ONEOK so all those things although pay maybe perhaps not every agrees with them. They due tie together and I think make good economic sense.Carl L. Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Fair enough and then if I could just ask a clarification on Terry you made a mention of appreciative better framework for the $0.66 NGL assumption for 2013 about ethane prices being in the low 20s and I’m starting to say propane at convey at $0.90
John W. Gibson: That’s correct.Carl L. Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. so essentially not too far away from what we’ve seen sort of year-to-date.
John W. Gibson: One of the things we have to remember is those assets are at north like we run an operation in Canada and of course, for those of you that they are watching the weather channel, we are experiencing some severe and heavy snow in Western Oklahoma, which undoubtedly will impact our processing plants and pipelines, but we’ll report on that when we talk to you about first quarter.Carl L. Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you.
John W. Gibson: One thing I would add to that is a debt-to-EBITDA ratio we’ve spent before keeping that around 4 times or less.Ted J. Durbin – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, that’s great. That’s it. 
John W. Gibson: I guess you are talking about consumption….John D. Edwards – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Of ethane, consumption of ethane…
John W. Gibson: Yeah. I mean when you look at the 2014 to 2015 timeframe, we’re going to be in about that 1.3 million to 1.4 million barrels per day range. There was actually a chart that we’ve produced that we’ll show that to you. So we’ll see it ramping up in the million barrels a day pretty quickly over the 2013 as we move into 2014, 2015, we’ll be in that, I could say, 1.3 million barrels a day range or so.John D. Edwards – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay, great, that’s very helpful. Thank you very much.
John W. Gibson: Well, I mean as we typically do, we’ll look at that the quarter before. but not now from 2015, I mean the message is clear that in particular, our exposure to NGL barrel, ethane rejection is taking volume off of our systems and that volume as I mentioned earlier has dollars associated with it. So we know we’re not going to have as many dollars as we thought we would in 2013, primarily because of this prolonged expected ethane rejection, which is far longer than any of us with industry experience would anticipate or did anticipate. Our view is that we’ve spent most of the year at this level. do we have perfect knowledge? Of course, not, and if those volumes come back on to our systems, ethane rejection in another words is not as long as we anticipate it than you may rest assured that we will look at our distribution at ONEOK Partners as well as our dividend at ONEOK, Inc. But we will also be looking at that while at the same time; we look at our credit rating and those other metrics that we discussed earlier.Craig K. Shere – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: :
John W. Gibson: That’s correct there is little to no ethane in that number, and there is some propane, and then heavier.Michael J. Blum – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay great. Thank you very much.
