Walt Hulse: Thank you, Terry. ONEOK’s fourth quarter and full year 2020 adjusted EBITDA totaled $742 million and $2.72 billion respectively, representing year-over-year increases of 12% for the fourth quarter and 6% for the full year. Distributable cash flow was nearly $520 million in the fourth quarter, a 6% increase compared with 2019. We also generated more than $100 million of distributable cash flow in excess of dividends paid during the quarter. Our December 31 net debt to EBITDA on an annualized run rate basis was 4.6 times compared with 4.8 times at the end of 2019. Proactive financial steps taken through 2020 and earnings contributions from completed projects enabled us to improve our leverage metrics, despite challenging market conditions. We continue to manage our leverage toward 4 times or less and maintain 3.5 times as a longer term aspirational goal. We ended 2020 with no borrowings outstanding on our $2.5 billion credit facility and approximately $525 million of cash. ONEOK is now rated investment grade by three major credit rating agencies. As Fitch issued a first time rating of BBB with a stable outlook in November, additionally, Moody’s and S&P both reaffirmed ONEOK’s investment grade ratings in 2020. We proactively paid off upcoming debt maturities and we’re opportunistic in repurchasing nearly $225 million of debt through open market repurchases in 2020. We currently have no debt maturities due before 2022. We ended up achieving cost savings of more than $150 million last year, compared with our original plan and would expect a good portion of that to carry over into 2021. Last month, the Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.935 or $3.74 on an annualized basis, unchanged from the previous quarter. As Terry mentioned, with yesterday’s earnings announcement, we provided 2021 financial guidance, including a net income midpoint of more than $1.2 billion and an adjusted EBITDA midpoint of $3.05 billion, a 12% increase compared with 2020. Earnings expectations are supported by increasing producer activity, ample capacity and efficiency gains from recently completed projects and the continued opportunity for flared gas capture and strong gas to oil ratios in the Williston Basin. Additionally, due to a higher natural gas and propane prices driven by extreme weather across our operating areas over the past two weeks, our Natural Gas Pipelines and Natural Gas Liquid segments benefited from our ability to supply increased demand to meet critical needs during this time. We expect benefits from these short-term opportunities to be partially offset by decreased natural gas and natural gas liquid volumes from well freeze offs, that will still represent upside to our guidance midpoints. Our 2021 guidance assumes first quarter WTI crude prices at the current strip and assumes a range of $45 to $50 for the remainder of the year. From a producer activity standpoint, we are also assuming volume levels that correspond with a $45 to $50 WTI rage. Sustained higher prices could lead to a hooker volume ramp and drive earnings towards the higher end of our guidance range. Total capital expenditures for 2021, including growth and maintenance capital are expected to range between $525 million and $675 million, a more than 70% decrease compared with 2020. This range reflects improved crude producer activity levels and volume expectations, including capital to complete the Bear Creek plant expansion and associated field infrastructure later this year, which we referenced on our third quarter call. Conversations with producers in the Dunn County area of the Williston Basin remain extremely positive. And the likelihood of needing this additional capital this year is high. The original adjusted EBITDA multiple of four to six times still holds for this project with the multiple and incremental remaining capital being much lower. In terms of 2020 capital expenditures, we completed an expansion of our Elk Creek pipeline in December. Another example of low capital operating leverage on our system, a $100 million expansion increased capacity by 60,000 barrels per day, and provides added transportation capacity on our most efficient pipeline out of the Williston Basin. As we like to remind people every 25,000 barrels per day of NGLs from the region contributes approximately $100 million of annual EBITDA to ONEOK. Financially, our priorities in 2021 remain largely unchanged with our primary focus on debt reduction and investing alongside our customers. I’ll now turn the call over to Kevin for a closer look at our operations.
Walt Hulse: Yes. It’d be more near term. I mean, we’ve got that is worth thinking about that some of the smaller investments in these projects that Terry mentioned. But as opportunities present themselves on a larger scale, we’ll consider them and with the appropriate return thresholds.
Walt Hulse: Sure. So if we just kind of put the $300 million to $400 million discussion in context that was initially made back when crude use, back in the summer, when crude was in the $30s. So even at a $45 to $50 level assumption, you expect a lot more activity, which is built in. So that’s one part. Bear Creek 2, you’re right, yet that’s probably little over $100 million of that number. And then the rest, if you think there’s another $100 million where we’ve found opportunities, for example a compression replacement and expansion project on one of our interstate pipes. That’s not only going to provide additional capacity, more reliability and reduce our emissions footprint. We’re doing some work down on Mont Belvieu to expand our storage position. That’s a good project. We’re also doing some work in Belvieu to expand our distribution network and get more direct connected to a few customers. So those are things, again, none of them by themselves, each one is, $20 million, $30 million, $40 million, but you had three or four of them together and there’s another $100 million. So they’re all good projects, they’re strong return projects. And we found those opportunities. So we’re going to go execute on it.
Walt Hulse: Up in the Bakken, we exited 2020 at a very good level, right, at 1.2% range. Of course, here in Q1, you typically see weather and we’ve seen the effects of weather throughout February and back-half of January, primarily February. So if you think about the shape of the volumes throughout the year, Q2 and 3 have always been very strong for us at the beginning of Q4 equally strong December is kind of dicey again for weather.
Walt Hulse: Well, Mike, what I would say about that is that we always want to make sure that we have – if we have a good project that is going to serve our customer’s needs, that we’re going to make that investment. As Kevin mentioned, we’ve got smaller projects here that we’re kind of adding to our system around. We don’t have any larger capital plans on the horizon in the near future. It’s really more additive to our existing system. So you’re going to see the bulk of that free cash flow go to debt reduction here in the near-term and our de-leveraging plan is right on track. And these commodity prices hold at this level it’s to do nothing but accelerate.
Walt Hulse: Well, I think that what’s going to take us to 3.5 and 4 is definitely going to be the continued growth that we see on our system that obviously is going to produce cash flow and help us from a debt reduction standpoint. So we’ll try to do it from both sides of the coin. But it’s the continued growth that we see on our system over time. And the fact that we have so much headroom within our asset base, these pipes have lots of capacity, so that we’ve got great operating leverage going forward.
Terry Spencer: Thank you, Kevin. We’re in a good position, both financially and operationally as we’ve begun 2021. And the current market environment is showing positive signs of increased producer activity and increasing demand for our products. As we said many times before, we will remain focused on delivering value to our shareholders in a profitable, safe, and environmentally responsible way. Thank you again to all of our employees for the work you did in 2020 to prepare us for growth in 2021. Operator, we’re now ready for questions.
Terry Spencer: Yes. I think – well, I think your primary – what you’re looking for right now is what are producers going to do in 2021? And they’re providing us pretty good indications and given the stronger backdrop in the commodity price, prices that we’re seeing, they’re giving us good signals, but it’s going to take a little bit of time for them to commit the rigs and do the things that they’d like to do in response to those prices. So let’s take a little bit of time. Right now, the body language is very good and as Kevin indicated in his comments, it looks really positive. But as we see these prices, now we’ve got crude with a six handle on it. Our producers even further going to increase their activity. And we think that they will. But it’s going to take a little bit of time to sort through that. Kevin, you got anything to.
Terry Spencer: So Michael, I’ll just make a comment. You remember where we were last year at this time. We issued guidance in February and two weeks later, we got hit with a global pandemic. So you might understand, a bit of conservatism here in the guidance that we put forward. But we’re certainly giving you a pretty good body lane and what we think is going to happen in 2021. And we’ll adjust it accordingly. We won’t wait till the end of the year to adjust the guidance. We’ll jump on it pretty quick, if we continue to see the strength that we’re seeing today.
Terry Spencer: Yes. So in general, like a Bear Creek first, and yes, you’re thinking about that, right. I mean, I think when we paused it originally we were probably thinking more of the 2022 timeframe, but now that we’re looking at it by the end of this year, that would absolutely add incremental EBITDA into 2022, if we go forward and finish it by the end of the year. So that is absolutely an upside to how we were thinking about 2022 previously. As it relates to Northern Border and potential for ethane, yes, that potential still exist as you see volumes continue to increase in the basin. On the gas side that high BTU gas is going to go into the Northern Border. And so the map just continues to work that the blended content of that, heat content is going to go up, which over time is going to drive the need to pull that back down a little bit. Northern Border proposed the tariffs, forecast him to go back and work with shippers and producers and other stakeholders in the region. Those kinds are understanding – those conversations are underway at this point. So we’ll watch that for an official tariff that might get filed, that I would expect that process to continue over the coming months.
Terry Spencer: Okay. So on the first – and on the just commodity pricing, given how heavy fee-based we are and how much hedged we are, there’s really not as massive or a significant move in pricing just with our – we’re so fee-based at this point. Yes, with an improving, commodity backdrop, you are going to get pick up a little bit, but it’s not – we’re not talking about hundreds of millions of dollars there. On the second question, I do believe, I do agree that it’s – the number of rigs we believe we’ve made is in more of that mid-teens-ish, is what we’re thinking there is we look at that in our owns material, we have kind of a different – it shows different completion rates and what that would do to our gas production over time. And I think that’s the key. So much is written about, what the basin needs to hold production flat. All that is typically crude oil-based and again, with the strengthening gas to oil ratio is the number of rigs we need to hold gas production flat is quite a bit less than that. But we’ve put that number in the mid-teens.
Terry Spencer: And Jeremy, this is Terry. The only comment I’ll make about that about Bear Creek is way you have to think it. The two-thirds of the capital to complete Bear Creek 2s it’s stuck, it’s equipment, it’s material, it’s a lot of labor and that we incurred that’s on cost. And so this small amount that Kevin is referring to the returns on an incremental investment are huge. And so it makes a lot of sense, given the specifically in Dunn County where we’re seeing this activity, it makes sense to address it. And so I just can’t stress enough how outstanding the economics are, how compelling the economics are in completing that project.
Terry Spencer: It would just move up. It would just move up just a little bit, because you’re only talking about well connect capital at that point, which is the most efficient capital we spend in the portfolio.
Terry Spencer: And Sheridan, they’re hesitant to sign up for long-term capacity to underwrite and then the crude line or this is crude conversion. So I think that’s a factor as well.
Terry Spencer: Well, what I would say about the energy transfer enabled deal is that in the Mid-Continent, our – the volumes on our system are tied up under long-term contracts, which had many years left on them. We don’t specifically talk about contract terminations or volumes on the system that we think our contracts right now for the immediate future are very well secured.
Terry Spencer: Well, we haven’t gotten into trying to speculate what would happen beyond that. They’re well into the EIS process. I mean, I think we believe that they’ll ultimately be successful, even if it gets shut down that they would get the proper easements and permit approvals. But again, you could maybe do a little extrapolation if you wanted to think about 2022. But again, that’s going to be dependent on if you’re in this type of price environment it’s going to be – it’s not going to be a big number because again, rail is continues to be very attractive at these commodity prices.
Terry Spencer: I think the answer is expanding Elk Creek to 300,000 did a couple of things for us. And when we mentioned on our calls is that ensures that we can move all our volume off of OBDL on to Elk Creek and still have ample capacity to be able to bring ethane out as the Bakken if that is needed as well, that was the preemptive stuff, why we did the expansion of Elk Creek.
Terry Spencer: Kevin, it’s not all just about crude price. I mean, obviously NGLs and natural gas are a big driver for the activity up there. And you’ve seen stronger natural gas prices, particularly as we come through the polar vortex as we come out the other side of this thing, I think fundamentally – the fundamental backdrop is we’re going to see a higher values for nat gas and certainly for liquid. So those will also be important drivers for producers, particularly in Oklahoma.
Terry Spencer: Well, what we see for the ethane recovery in the mid-continent we do feel we’ll see some ethane recovery this year probably maybe a little bit more in the second half of the year. Obviously, what we see now is in February, a lot of the petrochemical facilities have gone offline due to loss of power and gas. So in February, we did see a lot of ethane rejection across our system. Ironically, even as we come out the other side and the drop of gas prices today, we are starting to see an increased amount of ethane recovery in the mid-continent. But we do think throughout this year, it will be a little lumpy, which more weighted towards the back half of the year. The fundamentals for the petrochemical industry are very good right now, as we see the price of propylene and ethylene very high. And as these plants come back, get it back on, they’re going to run at very high rates. So we think we’ll see more ethane recovery potentially in the first half of the year, which would drive us more to the upside of our guidance.
Kevin Burdick: No. I think that, that’s what we’re hearing. The feedback from producers continues to be positive about strengthening activity, given these prices. So we’ll just watch that play out.
Kevin Burdick: Michael, I think that –– I guess I think that the 20 counts probably a little high based on – now that may hold crude flat, but again, with the rising gas to oil ratios and our ability to continue to capture more and more of the gas that number, is to me, is probably somewhere a little bit less than 20 of rejuvenate.
Kevin Burdick: I think the way we look at it again, back to the original remarks, as we’ve talked to our customers and in a lot of these conversations were taking place with crude in the $45 to $50 environment. That’s the activity levels that we kind of have baked in. Very recent conversations with the strengthening of the commodity strip, those conversations are starting to get stronger as far as the amount of activity. So that’s the way, I guess we would think about this in our remarks around the range and Terry’s comments about us trending towards that upper end, if we see the current commodity environment hold because we do believe customers will bring more activity at the current price environment, if it holds.
Kevin Burdick: No. We weren’t offloading. So I’m not – I just can’t answer what gap you’re referencing because frankly I didn’t see it. There was nothing from a business perspective, there was nothing going on. So it would just be kind of normal course in fluctuation of the gathered versus process. I mean, protect going on, it could have impacted it.
Kevin Burdick: Gabe, this is Kevin. The only thing I would add is when you think about the last several weeks, our pipeline assets performed incredibly well. I mean, they ran and they were up virtually the entire time and our field folks did a fantastic job, keeping those assets available and reliable, whether it was pipeline, compression, dehydration, all the equipment that we needed to run, they ran virtually uninterrupted. Our processing plants ran extremely well too, even in the mid-continent. Really the only disruptions we had was when power – when we lost power, which was really, there was – that we could do about that. But I do think, obviously with all – there’s been a lot of conversation about how the market should respond and the availability and having storage assets and having pipeline assets. We’re always looking for those opportunities to expand those – expand that footprint. And we’ll be there if some of the customers need some additional services we can with our integrated assets, we can provide them.
Kevin Burdick: Jean, this Kevin. We’ve gotten that question a lot. Clearly, we think we can capture more gas then – capture some of the gas that’s still flaring. Even with the percentages coming down well into the single digits, we think there’s more room to drive that even lower. A lot of our conversations that we’re having with customers now, especially some of the larger ones, they’d like that number to be zero. Now that ultimately is going to require some – would require some kind of changes in the way we work together and in the way, some of the equipment on the wellhead is structured. But again, it can be done and we’re encountering those conversations with the customers. In total, does it go to zero? Probably, not. With operational disruptions, et cetera, but we’ve got many customers now working with us, wanting – just from a variety of perspective, from a value capture, from an emissions perspective just bringing that number as low as we possibly can.
Kevin Burdick: From a well connect and activity perspective and I think as we move through 2021, we’ve had a lot of conversation about that. As you move into 2022, it’s going to be a function of commodity price. I mean, if we’re still sitting in this, if you’re still sitting in a $55 million to $60 million type environment then you’re going to see an increase in activity. And I believe that activity will sustain. There’s a lot of drilling locations up there left, a lot of inventory debt and I think you’ll see that sustained through 2022.
Chuck Kelley: Christine, this is Chuck. I’d say when we put our forecast together, we go ahead and we breakdown, what’s the mix of our producer volumes by contract. So as we did that, these different contracts have varying levels of fee as a component of total value. So based on this projected mix of volumes, we feel comfortable in the $0.95 to $1 range. We may have quarters word in fact, exceeds that because the mix may be a little bit different than what we originally assumed. And we’ve seen some of that obviously here in Q4. So you could see some to the upside above the dollar, but we feel pretty confident in the $0.95 to $1 range.
Chuck Kelley: So, Christine, the storage is we’re referring to are located in Kansas, Texas, and Oklahoma with the largest of that 52 Bcf, call it, 46 Bcf in Oklahoma, remaining fields in Texas are about another four or five in the balance up in Kansas. So yes, as we transport gas, we do retain some fuel that becomes equity for us. And we have an ongoing normal course of business. We go ahead and we’ll store that gas. We have a sales program portfolio where we look in the forward strip relative to weight cogs as anyone would. And choose our – how we want to monetize that equity gas. We also keep some gas available, obviously for unexpected situations, market movements and what have you. And we setup each way – each year this way. So it happens this year, we setup and this event occurred. So we were able to participate in these market prices that you may have seen here in Oklahoma and Texas. And I’m sure we’ll talk more about that in the Q1 earnings call.
Chuck Kelley: I don’t know if we publicly have provided that in the past, but just generally in Oklahoma, when we’re fully pressurized you could see us withdrawing as high as 1.4 Bcf, 1.5 Bcf a day. Our Texas numbers, obviously the caverns are smaller, so you’re more in that $350 million to $400 million a day again, when they’re pressurized.
Chuck Kelley: Yes, Jeremy. So to your first question, I’m sorry, I was thinking about the GOR question. Give me your first question one more time, if you don’t mind.
Chuck Kelley: Sure. No, it’s a combination. I mean, obviously, you’ve seen a couple of the public say that the CapEx position that they said, they’re going to hold that for 2021 pending, some of its dapple, some of it at the time, but they said that we run a $45 to $50 crude environment. So they’re rethinking that a little bit, obviously. But it’s a combination of the large capitalized publics plus some of the privates up there. And then as far as the GOR question, GOR has increased in the past – just in the past year, a 15% year-over-year. And I think we point out in our slide, 63% since 2016. So pretty significant increases, particularly this last year, seeing that 15%. So when you think about it, they’re rising over time as pressures decline. So more of that trap gas is released relative to crude and producers have confirmed this for us as well. But they think the implied GOR will continue to rise. And I can’t say, it’s at 15% year-over-year, but it’s definitely rising.
Chuck Kelley: Gabe, this is Chuck. In the Williston, obviously we purchased winterize packages for everything. I mean, we’ve got heat tracing equipment in our plants, we’ve purchased Arctic packages for our compression. So this is a normal course of business in the Bakken. We’ve seen minus 30 and our amazing people are still out there running these assets. It’s incredible. And we don’t have very high utilization, very rarely offline. What freezes is the wellheads come on down to Oklahoma and Texas, and frankly, that’s just a value proposition for producers and frankly processors and pipelines. If you go ahead and winterize and spend whatever that percentage extra might be for a small event, and I’d say going forward, people are going to really look at those costs and see if in fact somebody is willing to pay for that service.
