Rob Martinovich: Thanks John, and good morning everyone. ONEOK’s fourth quarter net income increased by 38% compared with the same period last year, driven by the strong performance of ONEOK Partners. For 2011, net income increased 8% versus 2010. Results in the distribution segment were lower due to higher employee related cost, while energy services had reduced results, due primarily to lower storage, marketing, and transportation margins, resulting from narrower seasonal spreads and natural gas price location differentials. ONEOK’s 2011, standalone cash flow, before changes in working capital, exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by $213.7 million. In 2011, ONEOK received approximately $333 million in distributions from ONEOK Partners, a 10% increase over 2010. ONEOK’s income taxes on the distributions from the ONEOK Partners LP units they own or deferred contributing to ONEOK’s strong cash flow. We also updated guidance for ONEOK in 2012. Net income is expected to be in the range of $360 million to $410 million, compared with its previous range of $355 million to $400 million. The updated guidance reflects higher anticipated earnings in the ONEOK’s Partner segment, offset partially by lower expected earnings in the energy services segment. In January, ONEOK completed $700 million public offering of 4.5% senior notes due 2022. We used the proceeds to repay amounts outstanding under our $1.2 billion commercial paper program and for general corporate purposes, providing additional capacity for various options, which may include repurchasing ONEOK common stock under our previously approved share repurchase program, purchase of additional common units of ONEOK Partners, and/or the payment of dividends to shareholders. Also in January, we declared a dividend for the fourth quarter of $0.61 per share, a 17% increase since January 2011. Since January 2006, the company has increased the dividend 13 times representing 118% increase during that period. Subject to Board approval, we also expect to increase the dividend $0.05 per share in July compared with our expectation last September of $0.04 per share. This increase is consistent with our goal to grow the dividend by 50% by 2014. ONEOK’s liquidity position is excellent. At the end of the fourth quarter, on a standalone basis, we had $842 million of commercial paper outstanding, $30.9 million of cash and cash equivalents; $347.7 million of natural gas and storage, $356 million available under our new credit facility, and our total debt-to-capitalization ratio was 45%. ONEOK significant cash flow and outstanding liquidity position continue to give us incredible financial flexibility. Now Pierce will update you on ONEOK’s operating performance.
Rob Martinovich: Thanks, John. In the fourth quarter, ONEOK Partners’ net income more than doubled compared with the fourth quarter of 2010. For 2011, net income increased 76% versus 2010. Distributable cash flow increased 89% compared with the fourth quarter last year, resulting in a coverage ratio of 2.26 times. For 2011, distributable cash flow increased 61% compared with 2010, resulting in a coverage ratio of 1.66 times. The higher earnings and resulting higher coverage ratio were primarily due to strong NGL optimization margins from wider NGL price differentials between Conway and Mont Belvieu. Similar to the 2008 when commodity prices were record levels, we do not believe these wider NGL price differentials are sustainable long-term. In 2008, we utilized the incremental cash flow to finance a portion of our $2 billion capital investment program that was completed in 2009, and we finally utilized a portion of the incremental cash flow likewise in 2012, to help fund our current $3 billion capital growth program, reducing our debt and equity financing needs. At the same time, we are meaningfully increasing distributions to our unitholders. We increased the distribution 1.5 cents per unit for the fourth quarter and subject to Board approval expect to increase it another 2.5 cents per quarter in 2012, higher than the $0.02 per quarter increase we announced last September. With the strong performance of the NGL segment expected to continue in 2012, although at a lower level than we experienced in 2011, we’ve increased the partnerships 2012 earnings guidance by almost 10% to a range of $810 million to $870 million, compared with its previous range of $740 million to $800 million. We also estimate the partnerships 2012 distributable cash flow to be in the range of $925 million to $985 million, compared with its previous range of $845 million to $915 million. We updated our 2012 capital expenditure guidance to $2 billion to reflect our latest forecast. This breaks down to $1.9 billion in growth capital and $109 million in maintenance capital. We have hedges in place to lock-in margins on our expected equity volumes in the natural gas gathering and processing segment, where a portion of our margin is derived from the receipt of commodities. Our news release contains updated information on these hedges. Our 2012 natural gas hedges have increased to 73% from 42%, while our 2012 NGL hedges have increased to 72% from 43%. As is our practice, we continually monitor the commodity markets, and will place additional hedges as conditions warrant. At the end of the fourth quarter, the partnership had $35.1 million in cash and no commercial paper or other short-term borrowings, a debt-to-capitalization ratio of 53%, and a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.9 times. Now Pierce will review the partnerships operating performance.
Rob Martinovich: Good morning, Elvira. I think, as we looked at our guidance that we gave in September with the expected performance of the partnership at that point of time and then as we updated it, as Terry and Pierce talked about with updated commodity prices and spreads, it felt appropriate that that the distribution be increased. And it’s always a balance trying to target that coverage ratio that we’ve talked about before in the 105 to 115 but be prudent with regards to long-term trends and where we see the business performing. So we felt that it was appropriate adjustment to reflect the increase in the partnership and yet the same time be mindful that as the comments that have been made today that that long-term view on the optimization spread is not sustainable between Conway and Mont Belvieu and that we will be able to use that cash flow appropriately to partially fund our growth projects.
Pierce Norton: Thanks Rob, and good morning everyone. Let’s start with our natural gas distribution segment. Fourth quarter and full year 2011 earnings were lower compared with the same period last year, because of higher operating cost, primarily the share-based compensation cost discussed on previous conference call. This segments portion of the 31 shares of stock awarded to employees in 2011 was $10 million. 2012 operating income guidance been updated to $223 million, reflecting the recent sale of the retail natural gas marketing business that has now accounted for as discontinued operations. Now a brief regulatory update. In Kansas, the Kansas Corporation Commission approved our application to increase the Gas System Reliability Surcharge by an additional $2.9 million effective January 2012. This capital recovery mechanism allows us to recover and to earn a return on safety-related and government mandated capital investments made between rate cases. Kansas Gas Service plans to file a rate case in mid 2012; it’s first since 2006. As part of that rate case, we are exploring rate design options that reduce our volumetric sensitivity. Oklahoma Natural Gas will make its annual performance base rates filing on or before March the 1st. We expect to request a modest increase in rates to recognize our investment in rate base and increases in operating cost. We continue our efforts to grow our rate base by investing in projects that provide benefits to our customers and our shareholders. In 2011, the distribution segment invested approximately $243 million of capital, including $25 million in automated meter reading devices. In 2012, we planned to invest approximately $270 million of capital, as in the past; this includes pipeline integrity projects, pipeline replacement, extending services to new areas, automated meter reading devices, and increasing the systems delivery capability. Now let’s turn to energy services. The lower earnings result reflects lower storage and marketing margins, due primarily to lower realized seasonal storage price differentials, and lower transportation margins, due primarily to narrower realized price location differentials, and lower hedge settlements in 2011. Full year 2011 operating income was $24 million. Location differentials are essentially non-existent between several market delivery points. Seasonal differentials remained narrow for 2012, with little or no price volatility, but have improved somewhat for 2013. We’ve reduced energy services 2012 operating income guidance to zero as this segment will continue to face extraordinarily challenging market conditions, because of the increase in transportation pipeline capacity in recent years, and an oversupply of natural gas from shale play. We continue to access how much transportation and storage capacity we need to service our premium customers, and look for opportunities to renegotiate transportation and storage rate. By the end of this year, more than 20% of our leased storage capacity and 15% of our leased transportation capacity will be up for renewal. And by 2015, more than 90% of the storage capacity and 75% of the transport capacity will be up for renewal, providing an opportunity to either renew them at lower market rates or cancel the leases. These explorations also give us additional opportunities to realign our capacity with customers needs and rebase our cost structure. We now expect to reduce our target leased storage capacity from 65 Bcf at the end of 2012 to 60 Bcf at 2015, and our leased transportation capacity from 1 Bcf per day at the end of 2012 down to 0.8 Bcf per day by 2015. John, that concludes my remarks for ONEOK.
Pierce Norton: Steven, this is Pierce. The way I would answer that is that our customers have access to other's fracs, as well as storage. So, don't think there is going to be any material impact on that. The short answer to your question is yes, they can divert to other storage, they can divert to other fracs, and we can also put it on our own storage, plus put it in our own fracs up in the mid-continent. 
Pierce Norton: There are some others that are going down, I think one others, but again, we think that will be staggered. Ours is going to be in May. We do have a partial owner Bushton fractionator, but all that means is that we can still process approximately a half through that facility while it’s down, but they won’t be down at the same time.
Pierce Norton: We really don't. We are aware of it, but we did our analysis, we really did view it is having a significant impact, I mean the big driver is going to continue to be the strong supply build and then of course, the strong demand that we are seeing at Bellevue and of course in the short-term we are of course being impacted by these petchem turnarounds.
Pierce Norton: Well the only thing I’m looking at, the only thing I’ll add to that Carl is that we’re about 52% hedged on storage for 2012 and about 27% on our transportation book their. So that might give you a little sound.
Pierce Norton: Louis, this is Pierce. Key pole right now at the end of the three months of December 31, was about 6%, fee bases about 32% and the POP was about 62%. The same that it probably is worth noting there, we did have two contracts within our GNP segment one of them was a key pole contract that converted over to POP and the other was the contract that actually was a POP contract that converted to fee. So if you compare those three months ending December 31, that’s on page six of our earnings release, to the year end numbers you will find a little bit of difference and that’s what is causing some of that movement around as those two contracts.  
Pierce Norton: Yes, particularly given the comments, which Terry made earlier about supply and demand that’s ethane in particular. 
John Gibson: Thank you, Pierce. Now I’ll ask Rob to review ONEOK Partners’ financial performance and then we will go back to Pierce to review the operating results. Thank you.
John Gibson: Thank you, Terry. Before we take your questions, I’d like to provide you with some context on our 2011 results, our updated 2012 guidance, and our future growth. While Terry has provided you with a detailed rundown of our $3 billion in growth projects, it’s important to keep in perspective these current projects, and the $2 billion of projects we completed in 2009. While there has been a lot of current detention on the widening NGL differentials between the Mid-Continent and the Gulf Coast, short-term ethane price softness, and declining natural gas prices, let’s not lose sight of the fact that the assets we’ve built and are building, increase our ability to add volumes to our system, both natural gas and natural gas liquids, and to collect a fee to gather process, fractionate, store, and transport these commodities for producers, processors and customers. These services provide us and our customers and investors with sustainable long-term value regardless of short-term moves and differentials in prices. It's the incremental earnings from these projects, now in service and now being built that give us the ability to grow our earnings at ONEOK and ONEOK Partners by an average of approximately 20% per year for the next three years, to increase distributions to ONEOK Partner unitholders this year and beyond and to increase the ONEOK dividend 50% by 2014. While internal growth may not be as exciting or as headline grabbing as an acquisition, internal growth project opportunities provide our investors with far better returns than if we were to buy earnings at today's prices. And we're not done. As you’ve just heard, our internal growth backlog is in excess of $1 billion and growing, providing us with more earnings growth potential. In closing, I would like to again thank our employees who work safely, reliably and environmentally responsibly every day to operate our assets, creating exceptional value for our investors and customers. We never forget that our success as a company depends on the efforts of all of our employees, and I along with the rest of our management team appreciate their efforts. Olive, we are now ready to take questions.
John Gibson: Carl, Terry, I remember the project Carl was talking about and that was during that timeframe we were looking at whether or not possibly taking our liquids or not our liquids, making access available for our process just to take the liquids north to Canada or south all the way to Belvieu. We were looking at an alternative and I think the company came to the view that we could provide more value to the producers in the Bakken in particular, by providing them access to Mont Belvieu, as opposed to the Canadian markets where they don’t pay as much for the liquids.
John Gibson: Yeah, and I think b-a-s-i-n-g, basing, I would characterize it as that if you I mean Pierce and Pat McDonie have got a plan to reduce our capacity both transportation and storage under contract. I think, I know Pierce shared an information with you. So overtime, from a cost perspective those are going to change. The segment is just facing a really tough, tough market right now and we do have storage and transport cost that as we’ve indicated in previous calls we are obligated in an honor to pay.
John Gibson: Well, I mean when you compare to the positions that we’re on in 2011, and we said this in past conference call a lot of this positions were put on several years ago. We hadn’t had as much opportunity to go out into the ‘12 and ‘13 market and get those same positions. So they are somewhat less than what they have been in the past.
John Gibson: I don’t think so. There is always in our organization a heightened sense of urgency to look for that next opportunity. So I don’t want you to think that we’re sitting here focused just on gas and gas liquids. We, as we’ve said many times before, looking at other opportunities. But for us to get it back to clearly understanding what our competitive advantage is how well that could be integrated into our business, and whether or not by doing so those investments create long-term sustainable growth opportunities. So with that you don’t see us -- we‘re not going to be bouncing around like well, okay, now we’re going to get into this business or now we’re going to get into that business but I think it’s obviously fair to say we always have a high sense of urgency to look further opportunities and they’re out there.
John Gibson: Well, that’s a good question is the sub question to your original question. The couple of points, one is we presented that spread to our Board for approval in the 2012 plan in September. As we gathered information in the June, July, August timeframe, and try to look forward, we had capacity coming on in our buckle. We had a traditionally, a sense in our gut that buying falls off in the fourth quarter. We had just a number of events that cause us to believe and you could also throw in there an element of conservatism and that we did necessarily believe that the, we don’t believe that these high spreads are sustainable over long-term. So we brought it back to where we thought it would average over the year. And then, as we moved into the winter, and we saw certain things occur it became obvious to us that those dynamics in the marketplace were going to result in $0.12 or $0.10 spread that it was going to be higher. And so we have subsequently gone back and readjusted not only that spread but also our view on gas prices and NGL prices. So it’s a matter of better knowledge with time and as the market gives you more transparency and deal with what’s happening.  
John Gibson: Well, I can’t tell whether your question is specifically addressed to energy services, or whether you’re asking a question about whether or not there will be a fourth leg or different three legs, I’m sorry, if you could clarify the question, I’ll try to answer it.
John Gibson: Yeah, as Pierce laid out in his comments, he has a plan for reducing transportation and storage capacity and we’re renegotiating those rates that are under contract reduces cost. And then we don’t believe overtime that price volatility is gone forever. We don’t believe overtime that basis differentials gone forever. And we don’t believe overtime the seasonal spreads are gone forever.
Terry Spencer: Yeah, we absolutely do see the need for more frac capacity, be premature for me to tell you what that estimate is, but it’s pretty significant. We think there will be more, I mean we have the possibility and we've indicated this, the possibility of announcing a project of our own and there have been there -- we are hearing that others that may come down the pipe. But certainly, there is room for more and there is going to be a need for more frac capacity and it’s going to be primarily at Belvieu.
Terry Spencer: Yeah, we don’t think it will be a major -- actually as you move in 2014 timeframe, it will be fairly balanced, okay, but it will be 2012 and 2013 that we think there will be as I’ve indicated, there will be periods we’re oversupplied, but not really significantly and for not in extended duration.
Terry Spencer: Carl, I’m trying to recall specifically a project where we were competing with Southern Lights. I know our North system that comes out of Conway and services the Midwest was actually a supply, a supplier supply point on Southern Lights. So it actually worked with enhancing that project. I think to answer your question as far as investments in Canada or other investments like that certainly we’re going to be very interested in participating in those kinds of projects, either acquiring assets or building assets. Canada is one that well it’s a target rich environment and there is lot of activity, its fertile ground. It’s an area quite frankly we’re not familiar with doing business there. So we would have -- we would be apprehensive a bit to, and to your point as it relates to BP assets, Provident assets in Canada, we would be very cautious moving into Canada.
Terry Spencer: Absolutely, process is was as access to Belvieu Mid-Continent and certainly that North System that I mentioned earlier that serves the Midwest and Chicago area would give us a stepping stone into that play and we’re certainly looking at that.
Terry Spencer: Yeah. In terms of profitability difference of those two, you will really don’t, we really don’t look at it that way. Many of these projects will create some redundancy. Okay, so to do an economic analysis on just the redundant feature of that project is not how we look at it. All these projects and the assets that they serve its all integrated, okay. And so, redundancy will come naturally on many of these assets i.e., like the Sterling three pipe line project, that we have been talking about, inherent in its operation provides a level of redundancy as we already have multiple pipelines that serve the gulf coast. So there is an example of that. 
