Derek Reiners: Thank you, Terry. Starting at the partnership, second quarter 2016 adjusted EBITDA increased 3% from the first quarter 2016, resulting from an increase in natural gas liquids volumes gathered in fractionated and higher average fee rates in the gathering and processing segment. Even in this lower commodity price environment, the partnerships’ year-to-date adjusted EBITDA of $900 million is nearly $200 million more than in the same period in 2015. Last year's earnings were weighted more to the second half of the year, but to Terry’s points, our assets continue to produce solid earnings in a very challenging pricing environment and we have significant room to increase our earnings with available system capacity. Our distribution coverage ratio increased to 1.15 times in the second quarter and 1.11 times year-to-date. This includes a one-time benefit from the change in the timing of cash distributions received from the partnerships’ equity method investment in northern border pipeline. Beginning in the second quarter, cash distributions related to the partnerships’ 50% interest in the pipeline are received monthly instead of quarterly. This one-time $15 million cash increase to distributable cash flow were approximately 0.07 times to coverage. Excluding this benefit, our distribution coverage ratio still continued to improve. The second quarter of 2016 represents the fifth quarter of consecutive increases in distribution coverage with our third consecutive quarter above 1.0 times. We continued deleveraging the partnerships’ already strong balance sheet as trailing 12 months GAAP debt to EBITDA improved again to 4.4 times at June 30. We continue to expect a leverage of 4.2 times or less for the full-year of 2016. The partnership has ample liquidity with more than $1.8 billion of capacity on its $2.4 billion credit facility. On a standalone basis, ONEOK ended the first quarter with nearly $180 million of cash and expects to have approximately $250 million of cash by year-end 2016, with an undrawn $300 million credit facility, allowing us continued financial flexibility. ONEOK’s second quarter dividend coverage increased to 1.33 times with free cash flow of over $40 million after dividends.  Finally, you will note there is 7% increase in operating cost compared with first quarter of 2016. This increase is mainly in the Natural Gas Liquids segment, due to the timing of plant after integrity projects at our pipelines and fractionators and higher property tax estimates. I’d like to reiterate from a financial perspective, we are pleased with the progress we have made in the first half of the year. We continue to have no debt or equity capital market’s needs, including through our aftermarket equity program, until well into 2017. Although, we continue to evaluate opportunities to proactively manage debt maturities and liquidity at the partnership. And lastly, I’d like to point out we accelerated the expected completion of phase two of the Roadrunner project and the WesTex expansion project to the fourth quarter 2016 from the first quarter 2017. With all thanks [indiscernible]. we could see a 2% or 3% resulting increase in the Natural Gas Pipeline segment’s operating income in equity earnings. We are maintaining our 2016 financial guidance expectations for about ONEOK and ONEOK Partners and expect to continue to navigate the remainder of the year with prudent financial position making. I’ll hand the call back over to Terry.
Derek Reiners: You know that it's occurring all over our system, so we don’t just limit it to the Bakken, as we think about moving in and you know driving to a more fee-based structure, is getting into the specifics of how much remains, I don't know that I want to talk about that, we will just continue to work that in due course.
Derek Reiners: Sure, this is Derek. We finished June 30 about 4.4 times debt to EBITDA on a trailing 12-month basis, I think if you look at that on a run rate it's closer to, it's around 4.2. Our target is to get that below four times and obviously we've been taking steps to actively make that happen. So obviously we've got capital in our forecast and so we'll factor that all and that's still headed towards the four times or less.
Derek Reiners: Yes. I think directionally we would expect it to continue to creep up but I don’t - again I don’t know, I don’t expect that you are going to see the sizable increases we have seen over the previous couple quarters.
Derek Reiners: Again as I and Terry has talked about, when we set out in 2015, we have accomplished almost everything we set out to do. So we are well into the game, and we will continue as we have opportunities going forward.
Derek Reiners: Certainly we could, and we look at it every quarter, and we examine it, and then spend as you would expect a robust amount of time talking about our dividend and distribution policies with the two companies. So it's entirely possible that if the conditions in our point of view change or improve dramatically, certainly we would consider it.
Kevin Burdick: Sure this is Kevin, if we talk about Williston first, yeah I think the volumes are progressing very much as we anticipated coming into the year. We have had some producers announce some bringing some crews back and we do have that factored in. The weather and the facility maintenance we saw basically the minor decline in the second quarter. We are kind of flat right now as we move in, we have got Bear Creek which is now - say will be completed in August so we will see an extra 30 million to 40 million a day coming in when that plant comes online. Then towards the back half of the year, you know we are looking flattish type volumes as we go through the end of 2016. With the completion activity in the rigs that we currently have kind of on the schedule. If we transition to the mid-continent, little bit different story, we absolutely expect a back half waiting especially towards the end of the year as so of the large fab; the completions were delayed to the fourth quarter. So from that stand point, we do expect a ramp there and we have also had some gathered only volumes that have dropped off a little more than we anticipated coming into the year. But that’s kind of how we see the mid-continent volumes shaped up through the end of the year.
Kevin Burdick: Yes, again the information I have seen come up so far this quarter and conversations we are having with our producers. The tight curves continue to improve. There has been couple of announcements already. The producers have strengthened tight curves in the area. We have seen results that have been quite impressive and a lot of the analysts are now talking it as one of the top place in the basin. We have about 200,000 acres of dedication in the stack. So we are very positive and bullish on what we expect through the - especially in the fourth quarter. It is just getting these completions on these pads done, most likely in the fourth quarter.
Kevin Burdick: Christine, this is Kevin. Yes when we talked about the first quarter we did say that we expected, we were for the most part thought we have seen the peak of the increases. We did see some again some improvement in the fee rate, that is primarily driven from just a mix of our where the volumes are coming. Each quarter the volumes will have - it will grow in some areas and decline in other areas and just depending on the types of contracts those volumes are growing or declining, will move that fee right around. So in this case we had additional volumes show up on contracts that it had been previously restructured that had a higher fee rate, some of the declining volumes were occurring on the contracts that had a lower fee rates. In addition we continue to just as part of our normal commercial activities as contracts come up with the term and so forth we work with our producers to again try to remove as much risk out of our businesses as possible and continue to convert and move the contracts to more fee based contracts.
Kevin Burdick: Tom, this is Kevin. I guess when I talk about the STACK, we’d roll in, I mean the Cana is right there with it. So as we think about our gathering system and our processing capacity, we kind of we pull those two together.
Kevin Burdick: When we talked about, we have seen the uptick in the first half, as we think about it in the second half of the year, I would think about it kind of where we are at just a slight increase maybe as we go to the rest of the year.
Kevin Burdick: Yeah, I mean we have especially in the Williston we have seen an increased gas to oil ratio in the core, so that's where we have seen as oil has been flat to slightly declining, the gas produced out of the basin has actually strengthened over the last several months. It came off a little bit in May - in April and May, but that's the phenomenon. More of it I think is related to the wells being drilled in the core as much as it is just the increasing gas as the oil declines.
Terry Spencer: This is Terry, Kevin and it is fair to say that we are seeing a lot of activity in the stack, and predict the feedback that we are getting from producers has been really remarkable. And so if you have got any other comments you have to say about the discussions you are having with producers.
Terry Spencer: Sure, so we think about that operating leverage in the capacity that we have available. When we think about our business, the capacity that we have available are certainly in the most active basins. Not just from a GMP prospect but also from NGL perspective where we have capacity and are in the good spot candidly. So when you think about more constructive environment say maybe $55 to $65 a barrel of oil environment, we are well positioned to capture more opportunities. So if you think about the impact from EBITDA perspective or the incremental EBIDTA I think 10% to 20% improvement if all those things happen. I think would actually be conservative. So I think we could outperform that considerably.
Terry Spencer: Yes we are talking primarily about gathering system capacity that is NGL gathering system capacity, once we make that comment.
Terry Spencer: You know Christine, I guess, this is Terry. I would add that when we set out in the Williston Basin with this objective to restructure these contracts, there were some fairly large contracts that were already heavily fee based that we felt like we could and we did, and we left those contracts alone, we were satisfied with those. So those contracts still remain. But I think for the most part I think we've accomplished what we set out to do. I would not anticipate a whole lot more contract renegotiation happening obviously until - now some of these contracts come up to term many years down the road. So I think for the most part we’ve accomplished what we set out to do, for the ongoing perspective we will stay focused in particular in the Mid-Continent to restructure where we can understanding that the challenge there is that the contracts are much smaller, there's not a lot of large volume contracts and it's a bit more tedious work and of course more challenging, more challenging environment.
Terry Spencer: The only thing I would add to that is that, if you think about your question relating to Roadrunner, many of these producers in here in Oklahoma understand what Roadrunner means to producers up in this region and many of them would like to have access to that pipeline and get access to those markets in Mexico, so they're thinking broadly about where they can get their gas and access to those markets in Mexico and certainly it could like with the WesTex project it could other projects similar to Roadrunner or related to Roadrunner could develop as a result of that high level of interest in producers who wanted to get to markets in Mexico.
Terry Spencer: As far as dividend and distribution growth goes it's still early. We continue to assess the markets, you know the markets have backed up a bit here as of late. We're not out of the woods yet as an industry. So we're going to continue to try to carry that coverage we're building coverage that at OKS and getting it really gotten some good traction there. We hate to back up on that prematurely so as we move into the planning phase here in late 2016, and put together our forecast and guidance for 2017, we will certainly assess and there is a possibility of increases in the distribution in the dividend. But candidly at this point in time we like where we are right now. I think it's prudent to manage it the way we've been doing it.
Terry Spencer: Well okay, so let me just reiterate we get to the end of the year through our planning phase, we're going to sit down with our Board and we're going to - we will assess our cash needs and make a decision at that particular point in time and certainly when we roll out you'll know exactly what our plans are.
Terry Spencer: Well candidly, we have done a great job in construction, and we have got great contractors out there, getting the work done, we had the benefit of weather. I think as I said in my comments, we actually expected to encounter some difficult conditions in the way of rock, and we have just not encountered those conditions, so it’s just gone very well, and accordingly we are ahead of schedule and revising our completion date.
Terry Spencer: Well what I would say is we think that we will ramp up the Mid-Continent volume that goes to Belvieu in the first half, 2017 more weighted towards the latter part of the first half. And then the second half is where you'll get a little bit more the Mid-Continent, maybe they will have a common pricing out of it. So you would say you would see most of it weighted towards the second half, but you will start seeing meaningful impact in the first half of 2017.
Terry Spencer: Well. So you know broadly speaking the low hanging fruit in terms of cost containment or cost reduction opportunities is really attributable to reduced contractor cost that is the market and the rates associated with the services that we hire out, had reduced dramatically and they continue to soften. So that’s probably the lion share of the cost benefits. Certainly we are working to try operator assets efficiently and try and find ways to reduce maintenance cost in other ways in just the market, and we’ve had some success in doing that, but I think in the first quarter I think generally speaking, we were talking more in the order of what’s the market giving us in terms of reduced rates.
Terry Spencer: Probably, the lowest hanging fruit has already been picked, but we continue to apply pressure. And there continues to be fallout and adjustments in the third party service arena and we're constantly looking for opportunities to get you know better rates and lower costs from our suppliers and vendors, there's still opportunity out there although it's slowing.
Terry Spencer: Well I won't make any comments about the producer, but what I will say is that with nearly all the producers we've dealt with all have understood the story and the rationale. They understood why our contracts had certain provisions in them that allowed this to happen or allowed the renegotiation to happen. They understood the need. They understood the requirement that we continue to need to be incentivized to invest capital in these areas. I think all the producers got it. None of them really - none of them liked it, but they understood the reality. They certainly did not want us to pick up and invest capital elsewhere. They needed capital to continue to be invested; they needed the services in order to monetize their reserves and continue to produce their crude oil candidly in the basin. So they all understood the rationale and as I said before, it was a long process, one that was carefully, we were very careful on the discussion with the producers, and patient and very open.
Terry Spencer: Cracking propane instead of ethane, you know our view always has been and we still understand that most of these crackers only can crack at bay, okay there is few that have the capability to switch and I think there's been perhaps some, I don’t know if it's confusion or what, the information hasn't been real clear, but we talk to these petro chemical companies all the time and we have a very good understanding of what they can and can't do and Sheridan, actually I’ll let Sheridan -
Sheridan Swords: Eric this is Sheridan, when we looked at the $200 million up lift from ethane recovery we took into consideration in the MBCs. But also the decrease in MBCs that you saw in the second quarter was not just from ethane, it was also from an increase in C3 plus volume we are getting from the added plant that were coming online. So it is not apples and apples when you compared that, but the big thins is $200 million took into account what we have in MBCs, there is already being captured.
Sheridan Swords: We did see some more ethane recovery in the Bakken, but it was minor so less than 3,000 barrels a day and still it is all wrapped around this quality issue but we have a little bit of change but I think more on Kevin’s plan trying to keep it on the minimum level what they need to be that quality and it will bounce around little bit.
Sheridan Swords: In terms of fractionation, we think first 40,000 barrels a day we would have fractionation capacity for when we expand the next 60,000 we think there is capacity in Mont Belvieu with other fractionators that handle that. If it wants we would be more willing to build our fractionation capacity and expand for that as we go forward but.
Sheridan Swords: John, we did see increased ethane recovery in the second quarter but as the price have slid and spread between ethane and natural gas have compressed, we are back down into the 175,000 to 200,000 barrels a day of ethane being rejected across our system today and really we expect that ethane recovery in rejection will kind of inadvertently go in and out as we finish the rest of the year, but we don't expect a whole lot more of ethane recovery to the rest of this year. As we get into 2017, we think that we will gradually come out of ethane rejection as we first quarter 2017 in the Mid-Continent and we'll probably end up the end of the year being about half - into 2017 being about half what we are today.
Sheridan Swords: Yeah I mean most of the ethane recoveries we have seen have come out of our Mid-Continent volume, and some of it’s been on transportation element, and some of that you have seen come out of the frac space, unless they [indiscernible], and today that ethane has gone back to rejections, we were back to where we were at the start of the year, between 175,000 to 200,000 barrels a day on the system.
Sheridan Swords: Well, the 200 million, when we said we had a $200 million uplift, when all of that comes down, we took in to account the NVCs when we stated that number.
Sheridan Swords: And we think that there's a switching capability that the crackers can consume somewhere around 500,000 barrels a day of propane, which we are doing about 400,000 today. So there's not a whole lot more switching capability. As Terry said, the new crackers that are coming online the big crackers all except for Dow are ethane only crackers and Dow has some flexibility and it's not - none of these are it's not a full flexibility, but they can't consume a little bit more, switch a little bit in between propane and ethane, but mostly everything is coming on and all the expansions are ethane only.
Sheridan Swords: Yeah, there is a secret sauce. But Michael when I look at it, as when you look at optimization the big thing you want to look at is you want to look at the spreads on all five products between Conway and Belvieu, and we've seen a little bit wider spreads between Conway and Belvieu, and that's why you're seeing an uptick in optimization. On the marketing, the big thing we've seen in the second quarter had been we were moving a lot of propane from the Bakken and from the Northeast into Conway and that shows up in our marketing our - that's where our truck and rail activity is housed, we're seeing a lot of movement come into the Mid-Continent. Over December period time, it will be the second, third quarter, we will see that moving of propane.
T.D. Eureste: Pricing - I'm sorry, pricing assumptions for the NGLs, what we were charged, only thing we have put out there is that the average price we have in the Mid-Continent is roughly around $0.08 per gallon. That is a combination of both when we delivered Conway into Bellevue, most of these will probably go to Bellevue, so you're probably $0.08-plus per gallon of what we are charged for this movement if our customers want to go to Bellevue.
T.D. Eureste: When you look at the fractionation volumes in the uptick you see from the first and the second quarter, you've got to be a little careful, because we did have a lot of raw feed in storage from the first and the second quarter. So, you really need to kind of think about those averages across the two and we had a little bit spot volume and some more ethane recovery that kind of boosted those numbers up there. We still think that we look at our guidance that we have out there for fractionation will be middle, will be right around the middle, maybe a little better than that for the rest of the year.
T.D. Eureste: The only thing I'd add to that is in the core that those gas to oil ratios are much higher than in other parts of the basin, right.
T.D. Eureste: Thank you. A quiet period for the third quarter starts when we close our books in early October and extends until earnings are released after the market closes in early November. Thank you for joining us.
