Derek Reiners: Thank you, Terry. ONEOK maintained a healthy nearly 1.3x dividend coverage in the first quarter of 2017 based on cash flow available for dividends and had more than $300 million in cash and an undrawn $300 million credit facility. In our 2017 financial guidance announcement on February 1, we provided guidance for ONEOK's full year of 2017 distributable cash flow on a post transaction basis. ONEOK's first quarter 2017 distributable cash flow, the metric we plan to use following the transaction totaled nearly $325 million with a dividend coverage ratio of 1.46x, reflecting our excess coverage on a consolidated basis. ONEOK's higher dividend coverage over the long term is expected to provide greater flexibility, enabling us to reinvest in the business, reduce the need to access the capital market's post transaction and sustain a level of dividend growth as market conditions fluctuate. As Terry mentioned, ONEOK's 2017 guidance has not changed and includes an expected 21% dividend increase to $0.745 or $2.98 per share on an annualized basis for the first quarterly dividend following the completion of the transaction, with subsequent dividend growth of 9% to 11% annually through 2021. Additionally, we expect to reduce consolidated debt to adjusted EBITDA to around our target of 4x by late 2018 or early 2019, driven by expected growth in adjusted EBITDA and the use of excess cash on hand to repay debt or fund capital growth projects. The partnership's higher first quarter results reflected increased fee-based services across our footprint which drove higher first quarter adjusted EBITDA in all three business segments compared to the same period last year. ONEOK Partners' distribution coverage ratio was 1.10x for the first quarter of 2017. I'd like to note that we took January's severe weather effect on volumes, primarily in the Williston basin into account when setting 2017 financial expectations. The total impact of which was approximately $8 million in our gathering and processing in NGL segments. Terry will provide more details on the recovery of our volumes as well. The process towards closing the merger transaction continues to go smoothly and we expect to close the transaction late in the second quarter, early in the third quarter. We filed our amended Form S-4 with the SEC on April 21 and are working through the SEC review process. Once the SEC declares our Form S-4 effective, both companies will mail the joint proxy statement to shareholders and unit holders for special meetings of ONEOK shareholders and ONEOK Partners unit holders to vote on the transaction. We will communicate the timing of the meetings accordingly. Last month we executed a new $2.5 billion five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility to replace the existing ONEOK and ONEOK Partners credit facilities. The new facility will be available upon the closing of the merger transaction and the termination of the existing credit facilities. Finally, first quarter results include approximately $7 million in costs associated with the proposed merger transaction including approximately $1.1 million in cost at the partnership. I'll now hand the call back over to Terry.
Derek Reiners: Exactly, you don’t have any, I call that a major strategic organic project. You really don’t have in there. I would put it more in the category of routine growth. Okay. You’re going to have some processing capacity, you’re going to have system expansions, you’re going to have plant connections on the NGL side, you may have some frac capacity increases, you’re going to have some storage projects in there but nothing that I will consider like a major geographic expansion project. So I know we said publicly in the past about the capital spend in the five year view it’s been very consistent with. It would be consistent with what you’ve seen in recent history like what we’ve seen in 2016 and what we’re budgeting here for 2017. From a CapEx standpoint what would be the consistent run rate through that five year, that five year.
Derek Reiners: That’s going to be interesting. I think it’s going to be very volatile as we get through this year and don’t forget about the exports coming out of the Gulf Coast as those ramp ups well, they could have a big impact on that but you also have quite a bit ethane storage that needs to be worked off. I think it will be interesting this year. We think it will be fairly steady through the second half of this year, but it definitely could be quicker than we expected as well.
Derek Reiners: I think the big issue you have when you think about gathered volume and frac volume and trying to tie those two together is storage and that there is some as we go in and out of quarters we may have more or less in storage or specifically as we think about the sterling pipeline where we end the quarter what might have small feet on it we could actually have a lot of storage in my circle of those lines. So frac volumes can kind of get smeared out through the quarters where one quarter you could see gathered volume is up, but frac volume is down, you’d have to go look at our inventory. How we ended the quarter and how we exited the quarter with our line fill inventory and also with our inventory in our storage wells as well. So that I think was the difference we think about frac and gathered. Gathered is pretty much real time frac indeed, you can see ship to volume that was gathered in one month and gathered in one quarter and frac in the subsequent quarters.
Derek Reiners: We bet our careers here at ONEOK, on the spread candidly and we still have difficulty trying to forecast the spread. And so it's a difficult, as you indicate there are a lot of variables involved we’ve tried to accumulate lots of data we can come up with general correlations but to get as precise as what you're contemplating very difficult to do.
Derek Reiners: Thank you. Our quite period for the second quarter starts when we close our books in early July and extends until earnings are released after market closes in early August. Thank you for joining us.
Kevin Burdick: Yes, Shneur, we still see the available capacity. Terry referenced 175 million a day we have in the Williston for processing. We're probably in the 75 million a day range in the Mid-Continent from a processing G&P standpoint. On the liquid side, we're still in that 30,000 to 40,000 barrels a day of capacity on the NGL system that we had to grow into and then we've talked quite a bit about there are some expansions we can do for tremendous amount of incremental capital to get us up to maybe 100,000 barrels a day of incremental capacity along the NGL side.
Kevin Burdick: Yes, Christine. This is Kevin. The quick answer is yes, we do believe in many cases as we've build assets, they can perform better than designed and we believe the Bakken pipeline is no different. We have been able to operate the pipeline above the name plate. We potentially could get to the 145-150 range, we believe, operating safely. We got some head room that we have, we continue to evaluate the producer activity coming out of the Williston and are accordingly looking at a variety of different options for the expansion and potentially even larger than has been than we've talked about previously as we can get additional commitments from the producer community up in the Williston.
Kevin Burdick: I think we're always looking at the opportunities out there. But again, I'd go back that specific opportunity. We don't necessarily feel that not having the G&P puts us in that competitive disadvantage in that circumstance. We're in a lot of very positive conversations with producers out there that were extremely competitive. So we feel good about that.
Kevin Burdick: Two different things, Christine. This is Kevin. On your first question on the NGL sales, that was almost entirely driven by increased ethane recovery in the Mid-Continent. That's what drove your NGL sales up. The condensate question with the abnormally cold winter, we saw additional condensate fall out in the gathering lines, so you would see the condensate go up a little bit and what you didn't then see, you'd see a corresponding NGL drop a little bit from an equity standpoint, is that condensate didn't make it to the plant.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. Eric, this is Kevin. I think what we've provided is there's about $170 million out of the $200 million that's from the Mid-Continent area. So that incremental just would be what you would have left from the Bakken.
Kevin Burdick: Yes, Ted. This is Kevin. We continue to work with our producers and other customers and processors in the play to look for takeaway options. Those are going well. There are maybe specific things we're look out of the SCOOP and some talking to some customers that may want to go west with their gas. So we just continue to work to try to gain the commitments necessary to announce something that would be another takeaway solution out of the STACK. Again, going well. Just as we get those commitments, then we'll make the announcements.
Kevin Burdick: John, its Kevin I think the assumption you are making on average is probably a little strong. We use probably more 15 wells per rig per year on average. Absolutely if a rig is sitting there in great weather it might be able to spit out the number of wells you're talking about per year but on average across the basin with all things included, we see an average of probably more 15 wells per rig per year. So that put you in the 450-ish range. Then you've also got to factor in the lag right, when these rig show up there will typically be several month lag between when first flow happens by the time they get completed. So that's why we still feel pretty good about our 400.
Kevin Burdick: Yes Michael, its Kevin. We've been extremely pleased with the activity levels we've seen over the last several months. In fourth quarter we communicated that we saw some rig increases, we continue to see those increases up to 30 rigs and continued activity and then Terry talked about our April volumes and where -- how they've recovered to where we're setting records and that puts us in a great position to me relative to our guidance.
Terry Spencer: Shneur, the only thing I'd add to Kevin's comment is that when we think about what that operating leverage provides to us from an EBITDA perspective, I think we've said publicly in the past the 20% to 30% potential impact to EBITDA, assuming it kind of normalized $50 a barrel type pricing environment. That just gives you a sense of the earnings potential if we're able to take advantage of this excess capacity which we fully expect to do.
Terry Spencer: First comment I'll make is that I think that what the announcement were, yes, we're aware of it. I think what the shows you or provides you is an indication of the strength in display and how much activity there is. I think in terms of potential impact to ONEOK, we don't see any - at least given what we know of the project today. We don't see any impact to our existing business. Enable has, just like they always had, they had a very strong position across Western Oklahoma with their gathering and processing business. Well, I don't see this change in the competitive landscape. They were either going to build that process in capacity on location, or they were going to seek a third party to process it for them and that's what they've done. So I don't think that announcement in it of itself, the access to additional capacity doesn't surprise us at all and broadly speaking, doesn't change really the competitive landscape which has always been competitive in the Mid-Continent.
Terry Spencer: Shneur, the only other comment I'll make is that obviously if that's a path for NGLs to make it down to the Barnett Shale and if that's some indication that Barnett Shale plants are going to be increasing their NGL production, obviously, we're in the Barnett Shale today and certainly as if NGLs materialize in the Barnett as a result of this project or any other projects, we stand there ready, willing and able to compete for that business.
Terry Spencer: That's how it look to us. It's not surprising. Enable needed to do something, needed to come up with some capacity to serve their specific customers just like we have to serve our dedicated customers.
Terry Spencer: Christine, I'll make a comment and then I can let Kevin and Sheridan chime in. But from that strategic question with respect to owning, gathering and processing assets - certainly if a gathering processor also owns a liquids pipeline in those particular scenarios, you're going to have some challenges in competing for those particular barrels unless those producer customers have specific taking kind rights and they have targeted a particular NGL pipeline to do business with. But overall, there is a large body of third party - at least as far as ONEOK is concerned, to see third party NGLs out there is pretty deep. So regardless of who owns or operates the G&P business, we've got a pretty big playing field in terms of opportunity and competing for barrel. So really don't feel like we're disadvantaged. You can be in certain specific situations, certainly yes, it can create challenges for you. But broadly speaking, we don't feel like we need to own G&P assets in order to be a more effective NGL service provider. No, we don't have that view.
Terry Spencer: Hang on just a second, Christine. Do you guys have anything to add to that? Okay. I thought with respect to the private equity, Christine, didn't you have a question on the private equity barrels and whether that would create opportunity? Private equity processing plants are an opportunity.
Terry Spencer: And Christine, the only other comment I'd make is that candidly, a number of these NGL producers or processors in this basin tend to take a look at a portfolio approach, too, in terms of the NGL service provider. So they're continually thinking about that mix and putting all their eggs in a particular basket. That dynamics out there, too, and from time to time, that could work to our advantage.
Terry Spencer: The rate case, we did have the hearing with the AOJ and process continues as we’ve kind of outlined the four. So we’re still on schedule and expect to reach a decision by the end of the year. As it comes to expansions, again we continue to discuss with a lot of producers and other activity out there as we get those commitments then we'll obviously be coming forward with the project to expand the product.
Terry Spencer: Craig, this is Terry. Given the fact that we are in the midst of this case, I’m hesitant to throw some numbers out there that might create a problem for us as you can appreciate.
Terry Spencer: I think it's much more near term then the end of the decade. Again we're having discussions literally daily with producers and the processors that are in the basin and you can easily point to the rig increases and the volume increases that are coming out of that to show that there's some near term, definitely some near term opportunities.
Terry Spencer: Well, the primary reason for the drop just sequential quarter-to-quarter is we do have with that pipe, we have -- we continue to look for ways to optimize and integrate that pipe with other assets we have. And so we have taken the opportunity to -- we look to shift, we've shifted some volumes coming out of North Texas from the West Texas pipeline to the Arbuckle pipeline to get a feel for as volumes grow out of the STACK and SCOOP and comes out or as volumes come out of the Permian just looking for ways and to understand the capacities that we have on both of those pipes. So you really saw a little bit in Q1, we took the opportunity to do some of that optimization so you saw some volume shift and we saw an increase in the mid-continent and that's the primary reason why the West Texas volumes were down.
Terry Spencer: Craig, no, I would not look at it that way. We've got more projects that were in the process of high grading that could flow go right and have gone right into that backlog. So I wouldn't think about it that way at all.
Sheridan Swords: Yes. The plants that are on the ground for Enable are dedicated to us for a long period of time. And we see them filling those plants and coming to us. So we see this more as an opportunity loss that's in liquids that we could have got, have moved out the basin. But I would say as we're talking to many other people right now that have a lot of liquids that will be coming to us in the future.
Sheridan Swords: So the question is that's why they're cracked lines down in the fourth quarter and first quarter. Or no 2016 versus 17 particularly if I ignore any potential diffract recovered ethane. But I think you still as you look into the 2 years had some. We are going to have some opportunities you just to transport it only volume as we come out of that we also had in 2016 we had quite a bit of spot going we had in 2016 that we do not put into our expectations in 2017 there may be some opportunity for that. But overall, if you look at the base business on Frac 1, we think that Frac 1 will increase the C 3 plus possible and will increase to our attraction haters if you take out the Shiprock paper. US department but yes spot volume that we had in 2016.
Sheridan Swords: The one thing I would add to that is as we do increase ethane recovery, the one thing we’ll continue is continually high utilization of the pipeline in between Conway and Bellevue which has the potential to have a widening on the other product as well.
