Pierce Norton: Thanks, Andrew, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us this morning. On today's call is Walter Hulse, our Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development, and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas Gathering and Processing, and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Pipelines. Yesterday, we announced strong fourth quarter and full year '22 performance. We met our 2022 financial guidance expectations despite weather-related events and a significant operational incident. We also achieved our ninth consecutive year of adjusted EBITDA growth in 2022. Through the efforts of our workforce and the resiliency of our assets, we have provided exceptional value for our stakeholders and have positioned ONEOK to continue delivering growth in 2023. I believe the term resiliency is a great description descriptor of 2022 and will continue to be a focus of our operations going forward. Our people, assets and earnings continue to prove their resiliency flexibility and stability. With yesterday's earnings announcement, we also provided 2023 financial and volume guidance expectations. Higher natural gas processing and NGL volumes and strong fee-based earnings are expected to contribute to higher earnings in 2023 as we continue to focus on both growing our core business and innovating for future opportunities. There are key differentiators of ONEOK's business that have proven critical to our past success and offer us confidence in the future. These differentiators provide stability, resiliency and unique opportunities for growth. First, our solid and growing base business, which features strategically positioned assets in some of the most productive U.S. shale basins connected with some of the largest and most well-capitalized producers in the U.S. who provide stable and growing supply to our systems. Our margins in our core businesses are approximately 90% fee-based with minimum direct commodity price exposure because of our proactive hedging strategy; second, our strong balance sheet and investment-grade credit ratings, which provides significant financial flexibility. We've reduced our leverage to below 3.5x and significant -- a significant milestone for us. We provided investors with more than 25 years of dividend stability and growth not cutting our dividend during the COVID challenge years and recently announced a dividend increase. Third, our proven track record of intentional and disciplined growth. We continue to benefit from significant operating leverage across our systems, enabling us to continue focusing on lower capital, high-return projects and investments to support producer growth across our operations. Our strong return on invested capital is a source of pride for ONEOK and is a key metric for evaluating our management's team performance annually. Our nearly 15% ROIC in 2022 highlights the scrutiny that we place on investments, the efficiency of our capital and the high quality of our projects earnings, and this disciplined growth also approaches and will continue. Finally, the continued demand of the energy products and services that we provide, which are vital to our national security and the quality of life, in which we believe will play an important role in a transforming energy future. U.S. natural gas and natural gas liquids remain abundant and reliable. The products that we move will continue to provide much needed energy domestically and globally. We enter 2023 from a position of strength driven by a year of solid financial and operational performance. And as you can see, there are many reasons why we are confident and optimistic about ONEOK's future. With that, I'll turn the call over to Walt for a discussion of our financial performance.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Kevin, and thank you, Walt. We covered a lot today, and we have many reasons to feel confident in our 2023 guidance and our expectations for more growth this year. Everything that we've talked about today, from our 2022 performance to our future expectations and key differentiators for growth are all underscored by our commitment and focus on safety and environmental performance. Our company and our industry aren't immune to incidents, but I'm proud of how we have responded when challenges do occur and how we continue working to improve our performance going forward, focusing on safety and the health of our employees and the communities near where we operate. From our environmental perspective, we've made significant progress toward our greenhouse gas emissions reduction target, achieving reductions that equate to approximately 20% of our total 2030 reduction target. Our employees' dedication to meeting customers' needs while operating our assets in a safe, reliable and environmentally responsible manner continues to drive our strong operational growth and financial performance year after year, and we're set up well for continued growth in 2023. With that, operator, we are now ready for questions.
Pierce Norton: Brian, this is a good question to kind of clear up and really focus on what our key strategies are for capital allocation. The first one is that we want to invest in high-return organic projects that are adjacent to our existing footprint. The second thing is that we want to maintain and grow a -- what we refer to as a sustainable dividend. And what we mean by that is we want to keep that dividend growth somewhere below our EPS growth percentage and then also focus on our payout ratio, which I would say that approximately 85% are lower. So we were above 100%. We've got it down below 100% in our 2023 guidance. And number three, we want to keep our strong investment-grade credit ratings with a target of that 3.5x debt-to-EBITDA. And assuming that we've achieved all of those kind of capital allocation key strategies, if we do have excess cash or whatever, we could consider share buybacks. But that's kind of laying it out as to what our priorities are from a capital allocation standpoint.
Walter Hulse: Thank you, Pierce. As we detailed in yesterday's press release, we expect continued growth in our businesses in 2023 after achieving our 2022 financial guidance even with some challenging events. ONEOK's fourth quarter and full year 2022 net income totaled $485 million and $1.72 billion, respectively, representing increases of 28% for the fourth quarter and 15% for the full year compared with the same period in 2021. Adjusted EBITDA also increased year-over-year, totaling $967 million in the fourth quarter 2022 and $3.62 billion for the full year. Our strong financial performance was driven by increased producer activity, higher realized commodity prices, higher average fee rates and higher natural gas storage and transportation services. In January, we increased our quarterly dividend to $0.95 per share or $3.82 per share on an annualized basis, marking a return to dividend growth following 3 years of dividend stability. In November 2022, we completed a $750 million senior notes offering due in 2032, generating net proceeds of $742 million, which was primarily used to repay short-term debt. And just yesterday, we redeemed $425 million of 5% senior notes due September 23 with cash on hand. Our year-end net debt-to-EBITDA on an annualized run rate basis was 3.46x, in line with our previously discussed aspirational target of 3.5x or less. As it relates to Medford, we reached an agreement with our insurers in early January to settle all claims related to the incident for total insurance payments of $930 million, which included $100 million that was paid in 2022. We received the remaining $830 million in the first quarter of 2023, and applied approximately $50 million to an outstanding 2022 insurance receivable. We provided a table in our earnings release showing the line-by-line details. The remaining $780 million will be recorded as a gain in our operating income in the first quarter of 2023. As Pierce mentioned, with yesterday's earnings announcement, we provided 2023 financial guidance, including a net income midpoint of $2.41 billion and an EPS midpoint of $5.36 per share diluted share. We also provided and adjusted EBITDA midpoint of $4.575 billion. Our guidance includes the net effect of the onetime insurance settlement gain of $780 million and future method related costs, primarily third-party fractionation, which we estimate will total $240 million in 2023. We expect Medford related costs to be significantly lower in 2024 due to our ability to fully utilize the MB-5 fractionator to substantially reduce third-party fractionation costs compared with 2023. By taking the full settlement of $780 million, less the $240 million of expected third-party costs in 2023, you get a total approximately $540 million related to the settlement that has been assumed in our $4.575 billion adjusted EBITDA guidance midpoint for 2023. Excluding the effect of the settlement and the third-party costs of $540 million, this still amounts to more than $4 billion, double-digit earnings growth which we referenced on our last earnings call. We also expect double-digit earnings growth at the midpoint for both natural gas liquids and natural gas gathering and processing segments driven by higher volume expectations across our operations. Kevin will provide more detail on each of the operating segments in a moment. Our 2023 guidance assumes producer activity associated with WTI crude oil prices in the range of what we are currently seeing in the market. We expect total capital expenditures of $1.38 billion, which includes growth in maintenance capital. This midpoint reflects the investments necessary to keep up with expected increase in producer activity, the completion of MD5 early in the second quarter of 2023 and also more than $300 million related to MD6 this year. Excluding the MD6 expenditures, our total CapEx would have been lower than 2022. Our 2023 CapEx guidance does not include the Saro Connector pipeline or any other projects that have not reached a final investment decision. Our routine growth capital accounts for higher number of well connects and our higher return projects such as natural gas storage expansions, pump stations and compression expansions to meet customer needs. Finally, as it relates to the 15% alternative minimum tax associated with the inflation Reduction Act, we expect the AMT to have an impact on our cash taxes beginning with the 2024 tax year. You can find details in our 10 -K when it is filed later today. I will now turn the call over to Kevin for a commercial update.
Walter Hulse: Well, Harry, I think that we've definitely achieved the goal as we sit here today, given the fact that we had an $830 million infusion from the insurance settlement, over the course of the next couple of years, we obviously will utilize some of that cash to build out MB-6. And we would expect to come back into that 35% or below in the not-too-distant future. We like that as a spot to give us flexibility going forward. But I think the peers walk through our capital allocation thoughts earlier. We're not concerned if it trails down a little bit lower as we look for projects. But I would just go back to Pierce's discussion about our capital allocation.
Walter Hulse: Sure. Well, yes, you're right, that we actually did the make call because we could do it at par on the 4.25% for May. The other coupon that we have later in the year is 7.5%. So the make hall doesn't work. So we'll wait until the actual contractual call date, which I think the first time we can do that is early May. I think you can assume that given the fact that we have -- had this cash infusion that we will take that out for cash at that point in time. And we'll just assess our needs as we go through the year if there is a need for any further issuance. But as we sit today, we will cover off our maturities with cash on hand.
Walter Hulse: Yes. I mean. So this pipeline is going to be built over a course of several years in the context of our normal CapEx, we would just do it on our balance sheet unless we found an attractive source of capital that was more efficient than the normal way. We always are keeping our eyes open for that sort of thing. But I don't think it would have a significant change in our CapEx program going forward. So not one that we would have to change our ordinary course.
Kevin Burdick: Brian, yes, this is Kevin. I think probably the big thing is just like you mentioned the volume that was off-line and really the delays we saw when the volume came offline primarily in April, when we had the severe just kind of historic weather events in North Dakota, that just delayed not only getting volume back online, which hurt our '22. But it delayed some of the well connects as we into push back into '23. So that's why we feel really good about our '23 guide. Yes, we've got a significant step-up in well connects. But when you look at the wells. We've already connected to date, which historically is some of our lower months from a well connect perspective. and you look at the momentum we kind of built as we exited '22, we feel really good about where we're at volumetrically in both G&P and NGL out of the Bakken.
Kevin Burdick: Spiro, this is Kevin. Still a lot of your questions were -- that's what we're working through right now. We're not going to provide a capital guide. There would be a little money that would be spent if we FID this year. But obviously, the bulk with it coming on, the anticipation had come on. And 2025 time frame, most of the capital is going to get pushed -- is going to be pushed out.
Kevin Burdick: Jackie, this is Kevin. Just kind of macro Bakken related from a gas takeaway perspective. We've talked before that we do believe there's still 300 million, 400 million cubic feet a day of capacity on Northern Border that the basin will continue to price out. So in other words, displaced gas currently flowing down from Canada, there has been a 100 million a day roughly project that's kind of moved south and southwest over to -- on WBI and gets down into a Cheyenne market that we've signed up for. There's the Northern Border open season on Bison Express that we are actively involved in that TC Energy has said they're working that project and have been pleased with the results so far. So there's an opportunity. So from an egress perspective, we feel good, obviously, for the next -- that will get you several years out even with some solid growth. And then obviously, we've got on our NGL system, we've got the ability to expand if we need to expand it by just adding pump stations, which is not a lot of capital and does not take a lot of time relative to some of the other projects we're talking about. So Basin overall, feel very good about the macro environment. We do not need to see more rigs show up in the basin to achieve our guidance. The rigs that are there today, when you also look at the -- finishing up some DUCs they've got we're in really good shape to meet the volume guidance in both the G&P and the liquids segments as we think about the basin.
Kevin Burdick: We're not going to get into segment by segment. But like Walt mentioned in his remarks, we're finishing up MB-5. We've got MB a pretty significant amount of the MB-6 spend that will occur in '23. And then the uptick in activity when you think about the step-up in well connects in both the Mid-Continent and the Bakken, that's going to drive some additional capital needs from a well connect little horsepower, may need to add some pumps here or there in the NGL segment, those types of things, but those are highly, highly efficient capital and typically generate very strong returns. So those are the types of things that we've seen. And then also, we're seeing -- we've got some of those type projects in the gas pipeline segment as well that we're finishing up when we talked about our storage and some other expansion opportunities.
Kevin Burdick: Neil, this is Kevin. We really haven't seen the impact. And in some cases, we've seen it go the other way a little bit where maybe some of the larger publics have shed some of the acreage that they may be considering more Tier 2, Tier 3, and we've seen companies that acquired it, go ahead and start drilling. So that's been a little bit of a phenomenon. But we have been -- we've seen very consistent investment from the large publics that we have, and we've kind of got the who's who, especially in the Bakken, but also in the Mid-Continent, they've been incredibly consistent with the capital that's been allocated to those basins.
Kevin Burdick: Yes. The last is what is the way we think about it. We've got a nice position in the G&P segment. We do have a very nice large position in our NGL business. There's been several operators out there that have talked about the Powder and spending more capital. So we do have some modest growth built in. But the driver of the Rockies volumes is going to come from the Bakken.
Kevin Burdick: I think we did provide the breakdown by Mid-Continent versus Rockies and the materials for the guidance range for '23. So that's in the materials. As we think about the growth, we've mentioned that it takes roughly 15 rigs on our acreage to hold volumes flat. So clearly, if we're sitting north of 20 rigs on our acreage and those rigs stay there, we're going to experience growth. And that would include growing '24 over '23 if the activity levels remain kind of where they're at today in the Bakken. And that would also hold true for the Mid-Continent as well You've also got the rising gas to oil ratios. So as we move through time, the gas-to-oil ratios have continued to trend up, which is also going to be a tailwind for volume growth as we -- especially if we're keeping these activity levels.
Kevin Burdick: Sunil, this is Kevin. I mean we're still, again, early in the process from the pipeline perspective. It would be an intrastate pipeline. So -- we wouldn't need other FERC approvals as it relates to actually building the pipeline if it did reach FID. As far as partnerships go, we are looking at it as we would own the pipeline at this point, but as with anything, if there's a strategic and economic reason for us to have a partner, we would consider that. But again, at this point, we're approaching it like we're going to our pipeline would just be part of that entire pipeline service that would get gas to the Gulf Coast -- or excuse me, get gas to the West Coast of Mexico.
Sheridan Swords: Spiro, this is Sheridan. So when we had the Medford incident, we went out right away and secured frac capacity that we thought we needed going into '23. And we already took into account that MB-5 was going to come up in April. So our -- what we contracted for frac capacity is obviously heavier in the first part of the year until MB-5 comes on and then drops off. And that was all accounted for in the settlement that we had with the insurance company. So we have that already baked in, and that's why there's not that much movement on the third-party frac that we have. Obviously, MB-5 will help us if volume exceeds our expectation, we will be able to use MB-5 for that in '23.
Sheridan Swords: Yes, Michael, this is Sheridan. We have a very modest amount of ethane incentivized ethane in our guidance, a little bit that we have already contracted and already locked down the spread. We have not done any more than that. As you said, we do see a lot of opportunity in '23 with this low gas price which Kevin mentioned in his remarks, is making the United States pet chem very advantaged on using ethane as a feedstock going forward. And we think that we will continue to see more ethane recovery as we go through the year, especially as more demand comes on internationally, which we will pull the Mid-Continent up to be more in ethane recovery later in this year and will allow us to incentivize more ethane out of the Bakken at wider spreads than what we have done today.
Sheridan Swords: The -- Michael, what I'd say about frac capacity coming online. In the NGL world, the people that are building those fracs as us, we contract that volume and build our fracs to be able to grow into. So as these fracs come on, you'd probably see the spot market be a little bit weaker than it was when our frac went down. But long term, those fracs are contracted and as volume comes on, they will fill that. In terms of MB-6, remember, MB-6 is really just replacing Medford. And so MB-6 is completely contracted as Medford was completely contracted. So we're really only looking at our really add to our frac fleet is the MB-5 that we had substantially contracted before the Medford incident. So I think you'll see a little bit of softening in rates in the spot market. But long term, I do not think you will see softening of rates.
Sheridan Swords: Neil, this is Sheridan. Yes, you're right. As we put MB-6 or as we're moving raw feed today, we're not moving as much purity products on the Sterling system. But as it comes to expanding Arbuckle II, we, as we did with other pipes, put it in a large diameter pipeline that if we need more capacity, it's very easy to put in a couple of more pump stations, and we get hundreds of thousands of barrels more of capacity on that pipeline. And obviously, we are watching that, and we can react very quickly. So it's fair to say we will not run out of raw feed capacity to Mont Belvieu from the Mid-Continent.
Sheridan Swords: Neil, as we look at that, it's going to change a little bit, but I don't know from a financial impact, it's going to have that big of an impact. We -- as we went back and looked at it as we determined whether or not we were going to build Medford back or do MB-6, we noticed that most of the volume from Medford already flows to Mont Belvieu on average. And so I think I also look at it as this is going to put us back in a position by moving MB-6 down there the way we were before we did put in the Busan fractionator in ONEOK. The Busan fractionator today has enough volume to satisfy the mid-continent market what the deployment has there. We've transitioned our business to be a little bit more Bellevue anyway. So I think as we'll be able to take advantage of probably spikes in the Convoy market, a little bit more than we have in the past, and we'll be able to move -- optimize the overall feed system down to the fractionators in Mont Belvieu. So all in all, I don't think it's going to be that big of an impact on our optimization business.
Sheridan Swords: Yes. I don't -- we're not going to break down our factories just for competitive reasons on how we go through '23. But it's very to say that what we've got from the insurance company is going to cover what we're going to pay to third-party fracs in '23 and '24.
