Robert Martinovich: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, ONEOK Partners reported a 63% year-over-year increase in net income. Distributable cash flow increased 48% compared with the second quarter last year resulting in a coverage ratio of 1.44 times. In July, ONEOK Partners completed a two-for-one split of the partnership’s common units and Class B units. This split enhances liquidity and makes our units more accessible to a broader base of potential investors. Also in July, we increased the distribution by $0.01 per unit on the split adjusted basis or $0.02 per unit on a pre-split basis, twice the amount we had in 2011 guidance due to the strong NGL performance that Terry will discuss in a moment. Pending board approval, the partnership now anticipates increase in the distribution $0.01 per unit per quarter for the remainder of 2011, building on the second quarter 2011 distribution increase which marks the 19th increase since ONEOK became sole general partner five years ago, a 46% increase. We’ve updated the partnership’s 2011 earnings guidance to a range of $630 million to $660 million to reflect higher than anticipated earnings in the natural gas liquids segment. We increased our 2011 capital expenditure guidance to $1.3 billion to reflect the partnership’s purchase of the Bushton plant leased equipment for approximately $94 million, plus acceleration of G&P infrastructure projects in the Bakken Shale. This breaks down to $1.2 billion in growth capital and $102 million in maintenance capital. We now estimate the partnership’s 2011 distributable cash flow to be in the range of $735 million to $765 million compared with its previous range of $625 million to $675 million. We are still confident in the three-year financial plan guidance on EBITDA and distribution growth we provided last October and expect to update that three-year plan in September at our Investor Day. We will also release our 2012 financial guidance at that time. We have hedges in place to lock-in margins on our expected equity volumes in the natural gas gathering and processing segment, which is the most sensitive to commodity price changes. Our news release contains information on the updated hedges. At the end of the second quarter, the partnership had $432.2 million in cash and no commercial paper or other short-term borrowings. Our debt-to-capital ratio was 54% and a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 3.85. Earlier this week, ONEOK Partners entered into a new $1.2 billion revolving credit facility that expires in August 2016, expanding the capacity and flexibility of our previous agreement. Finally, we still do not anticipate any additional financing this year, but we’ll continue to monitor the capital markets and be prepared to take advantage of any opportunities. Now, Terry will review the partnership’s operating performance.
Robert Martinovich: Thanks, John. ONEOK’s second quarter net income increased by 32%, driven primarily by the strong performance at ONEOK Partners. Operating costs were higher primarily due to increased share-based compensation and other benefit costs. Share-based compensation costs include stocks issued to employees and directors under the company’s long-term incentive plans and the employee stock award program that John mentioned that awards one share of stock each time ONEOK stock closes at or above a new $1 benchmark. Through the first six months of 2011, we have awarded an unprecedented 19 shares of stock at a cost of $8.9 million, a relatively small price to pay we believe, for creating the additional shareholder value that John mentioned. In May, ONEOK executed a $300 million accelerated share repurchase agreement with Barclays Capital. The repurchase will be funded by available cash and short-term borrowings. This repurchase is part of a $750 million share repurchase program through 2013, with an annual maximum of $300 million authorized by our board last fall. Based on the repurchase of shares and the issuance of shares under our share-based compensation programs, we expect the average amount of diluted shares outstanding for 2011 to be approximately 107 million, a net decrease of approximately 1 million shares compared with the average for 2010. ONEOK’s year-to-date 2011 standalone cash flow before changes in working capital exceeded capital expenditures and dividend payments by $153.2 million. This includes the benefit of bonus depreciation which will continue to benefit us through 2012. With the partnership’s updated 2011 distribution level, ONEOK will receive approximately $333 million in distributions this year, a 10% increase over 2010. ONEOK’s income taxes on the distributions from the LP units it owns are deferred contributing to ONEOK’s strong cash flow. We also updated guidance for ONEOK in 2011. Net income is expected to be in the range of $325 million to $345 million compared with its previous range of $325 million to $360 million. The updated guidance reflects higher anticipated earnings in the ONEOK Partners segment offset partially by lower expected earnings in the Distribution and Energy Services segments. Our updated standalone cash flow before changes in working capital is expected to exceed capital expenditures and dividends by a range of $180 million to $210 million versus our previous guidance range of $235 million to $275 million. The change reflects our revised ONEOK earnings guidance. The standalone cash flow includes the benefit from the bonus depreciation I mentioned earlier. We anticipate standalone cash flow before changes in working capital to exceed capital expenditures and dividends by a range of $150 million to $200 million per year over the next three years. Embedded within that expectation are the more aggressive dividend growth and the targeted payout ratio we provided last fall. In July, we increased our dividend by $0.04 a share which represents an 8% increase since the beginning of the year and a 17% increase since last fall when we announced plans to increase the dividend by 50% to 60% over a three-year period while maintaining a 60% to 70% payout ratio. ONEOK’s liquidity position is very strong. At the end of the second quarter on a standalone basis, we had $526.6 million of commercial paper outstanding, $45.4 million of cash and cash equivalents, $302.3 million of natural gas and storage, and $671.4 million available under our new credit facilities. Our standalone total debt to capitalization ratio at June 30th was 42%. ONEOK’s significant cash flow and excellent liquidity position continues to give us tremendous financial flexibility for dividend increases, share repurchases, purchasing additional ONEOK Partners’ units and acquisitions. Now, Pierce will update you on ONEOK’s operating performance.
Robert Martinovich: Ted, that dividend had been anticipated subject to Board approval. So that’s, we were just executing in all that and I think you’re right with regards to your analysis as kind of being in the upper range there. So two parts, I mean one, everything was falling into place and some of the reason not to continue with the previous guidance.Ted Durbin – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got you. That’s it for me. Thanks.
John Gibson: Thank you, Pierce. Some final comments before we take your questions. We’ve received a number of questions on the sale of Southern Union. What did we think of the proposed transactions? Could we, would we submit a bid? And now that the transaction appears to have concluded, would we be interested in acquiring any of Southern Union’s assets? Here are the facts. We, along with a long list of others, have had several discussions with Southern Union management over the years about a potential transaction, with my last conversation being less than a week before the initial transaction announcement. And yes, we were prepared to submit a competing bid before the first counter offer was made. However, as the price of the transaction increased, it did not make economic sense for us. Simply put, our current growth and future opportunities at ONEOK Partners are more accretive than acquiring Southern Union at the prices being contemplated. At the right price, Southern Union would have been a great fit for us. Is it a good deal as now proposed? That’s for the management of the other parties involved in the transaction to answer. As you know, we are a disciplined buyer of assets and measure acquisition opportunities against our other growth alternatives, which for us are our current and future internal growth projects from a return and value creation standpoint as well as a strategic fit. Having said that, if certain Southern Union assets become available for purchase, we are interested. The final point I’d like to touch on involves a recent and unwelcome change in our corporate governance at ONEOK. ONEOK is incorporated in the State of Oklahoma and we recently learned that the Oklahoma Legislature in 2010 passed last-minute legislation requiring all large publicly traded companies incorporated in Oklahoma to have classified, or staggered, boards of directors. As a result, the directors of ONEOK have been classified automatically by the Oklahoma statute into three classes with staggered terms. This law runs counter to the wishes of our Board and our shareholders. In 2008, our Board recommended and our shareholders overwhelmingly approved the elimination of our classified Board and the institution of the annual election of directors. Despite the Oklahoma law change, we continue to believe that the annual election of directors is good governance and that companies should be able to work with their shareholders to determine which board structure is appropriate. Obviously, we are disappointed that the legislature took this action and did so in a manner that did not afford us, as the largest publicly company in the state, the opportunity to participate in a debate regarding the advisability of this legislation. I have spoken to Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin twice about the issue and she said she is committed to working with ONEOK and the Oklahoma Legislature to resolve this situation. This legislation by the way was passed before Governor Fallin became governor. We will keep you updated on our progress. And finally, as always, I’d like to thank our 4,800 employees who create value every day for our investors and customers through their dedication and commitment to excellence. Our success as a company depends upon their contributions and I appreciate their efforts. We are now ready to take your questions.
John Gibson: Well, I think once every is a pretty good description. There are other opportunities out there, and as the facts have unfolded, it becomes no surprise as presented that many people were in discussions with Southern Union. There are other companies that many of us are in discussion with and you just have to, as part of the process, stay in touch with those that you think might be good fits for acquisition in the future, so that when the conditions are right you’re advantaged and prepared to transact. So yes, we keep an eye on that always.Stephen Maresca – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot everybody.
John Gibson: Hi, Ted.Ted Durbin – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Not to beat on the Conway-Belvieu spread but can you give us a sense of maybe a sensitivity, you said $0.15. What sort of a dollar impact if that spread moves by, say, $0.1 because you put up, obviously, a big number in that segment. I was wondering if you thought about that.
John Gibson: Well, in addition to those that you mentioned, I think it continues to be looking at, if you’ll let me use this word, potential targets that fit, in our case, our business models. So companies that have distribution assets as well as MLP qualified assets and our bet is that in discussing with those managements we can deliver a greater shareholder value by having those assets a part of the ONEOK family as opposed to where they currently reside now. That’s pretty subjective and it’s obviously not necessary to always welcome, but those are kind of the, some of the criteria that we’re looking for and of course, yeah, you talk about more opportunistic, keep an eye on the thermometer and see whether or not people are healthy or unhealthy which we do as well. But the key thing for us in the screening process is first deciding who fits our model.
John Gibson: Primarily through term and commitment towards our capital investment and we’re willing to give up, if you will, capacity that we might use for optimization to get that assurance. So, as Terry mentioned and I think part one of your question or somebody’s question, we’re willing to trade optimization capacity for fixed fee-based earnings relative to our investment.
John Gibson: Ross, I think what Terry is telling you is that in our plans for Sterling III we do not anticipate DCP barrels.Ross Payne – Wells Fargo Advisors LLC: Okay. Perfect.
John Gibson: And so DCP is kind of on their own.Ross Payne – Wells Fargo Advisors LLC: Got you. Okay, that’s great. Thanks guys.
John Gibson: Well, we’ve been able to buy, I mean, we bought assets into the MLP from the other MLPs and so our counterparties worked through that issue. I think it makes it more complex but I think it’s doable, it’s achievable.Andrew Gundlach – First Eagle Investment Management LLC: Thanks for taking the question.
John Gibson: Well, I made some comments earlier about that legislation. So to answer your question directly, we were not consulted. And the legislation was put together in the last few hours of the legislation, and we were not consulted.Jack Moore – Harpswell Capital Management LLC: Okay. Thanks, guys. Good quarter.
Terry Spencer: No, John, really I think the only thing I’d add is that we’ve, in the past, we’ve gotten that question and we’ve resisted disclosing how much capacity that we allocate. We have total capacity down the pipe of a number. And only a portion of that capacity we actually use for optimization. And so we’ve resisted in the past for competitive reasons disclosing that information and we still look, we’re still there. Maybe someday we’ll disclose it, yes maybe, but today, no.Ted Durbin – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Maybe someday somebody will ask that question, so you’ll actually answer that. Okay.
Terry Spencer: Yes, I think when we look back at it we’re probably in the middle.Ted Durbin – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
Terry Spencer: Probably, if I think on some of the lookbacks that we’ve recently done, we’re going to be in the middle of that range. I don’t think it’s leaning toward one side or the other.Ted Durbin – Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then just on, as you’re progressing with the existing ones, same answer? Or...
Terry Spencer: Say that again, Ted?Ted Durbin – Goldman Sachs & Co.: As you’re progressing with, kind of as you’re going through some of the other projects as we look into ‘12 and whatnot, still feeling like you’re going to hit the middle of that range? Or...
Terry Spencer: Well, I mean I can give you a range but it depends too on the specific need of the producer, and the producer-specific situation and whether that producer is also securing pipeline transportation capacity as well as fractionations. But I can give you a range. It’s somewhere in that $0.04 to $0.05 a gallon range for a frac. It’s pretty much the market and it’s inching higher but you got this new fracs that have been announced and I think that’s probably helping to keep it from going significantly higher.
Terry Spencer: Well, I mean when we think about optimization we think about transportation capacity between Conway and Belvieu. And so we look at that – we try not to get into any sort of cross subsidy between fractionation and pipeline capacity. So when we look at pipeline capacity we look at the spreads, we look at the cost to build. It’s probably the bigger factor in setting a north-south rate. So what’ll happen is as we increase our contracting on Sterling III as we move forward, we’ll -as we increase our contracting, we will displace and squeeze down that optimization capacity.
Terry Spencer: Well, I mean certainly it does have an impact but not a major impact. And what the big driver when you look at the Conway to Belvieu basis is not so much imports or exports out of Belvieu. It’s more seasonal as it relates to Conway, how hard a pull are you going to get in the Conway marketplace and how that impacts the spread. The spread is going to be primarily driven by ethane, okay, that’s the product that’s taking up the most capacity moving south. Propane, not as significant. So it will have – the import-export will have some impact but not like seasonal impact will have on the propane spread.John Tysseland – Citigroup Global Markets: Thanks, Terry.
Yves Siegel – Credit Suisse: The second question is as it relates to thinking about pricing fractionation services, can you give us the sense of on a per gallon basis where that market is moving to? And, well, I’ll just leave it at that.
Yves Siegel – Credit Suisse: Okay. For you to allocate more of your capacity away from optimization, one would assume that you would need something substantially higher than $0.05 a gallon in order to do that.
Yves Siegel – Credit Suisse: Just to push it, John, I mean from my sense is, I understand from your perspective but you also have to have – you don’t necessarily have to have but willing seller, but it seems to me that it’s being more motivated from the buyer side of the equation than necessarily from the seller side in terms of future acquisitions above and beyond what we’re seeing with Southern Union.
