Terry K. Spencer: Thank you, T.D. Good morning and thank you all for joining today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest and investment in ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. On this conference call is Walt Hulse, Executive Vice President of Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs; Derek Reiners, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and our Senior Vice Presidents; Wes Christensen, Operations; Sheridan Swords, Natural gas liquids; and Phil May, Natural Gas Pipelines. We also have Kevin Burdick, who is recently promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer reporting to me with responsibility for all of our business segment commercial activities. Kevin has served a number of key leadership roles and performed at a high level. I have no doubt that Kevin's exceptional leadership skills and experience will continue to serve the company well in his new role. Congratulations to Kevin. Thank you for joining us this morning to review our 2016 and fourth quarter results. ONEOK and ONEOK Partners reported strong 2016 financial performance as ONEOK Partners adjusted EBITDA increased nearly 18% compared with 2015. Increased fee based earnings drove double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth in all three of our business segments. This strong year-over-year adjusted EBITDA growth was achieved despite increased ethane rejection and severe weather in December that impacted volumes in our natural gas liquids and natural gas gathering and processing segments in both the Williston Basin and the Mid-Continent.  The impact of the severe weather and increased ethane rejection in December reduced fourth quarter results by approximately $15 million. Severe weather continued early in the first quarter of 2017 impacting volumes but volumes have rebounded significantly in February to November 2016 levels which were some of our highest monthly volumes. We expect year-over-year adjusted EBITDA growth in 2017 to be weighted towards the back half of the year, this growth is driven by mostly routine high return capital expenditures to fill available capacity in our natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments and sets the stage for significant adjusted EBITDA growth into 2018 and beyond.  Growth is expected to be fueled by industry fundamentals from increased producer activity and highly productive basins across our operating footprint and from increased ethane demand from the petrochemical industry and NGL exports. We anticipate closing our recently announced acquisition of the remaining 60% of ONEOK Partners that we don't already own in the second quarter of this year. We expect the transaction to be immediately accretive and then double-digit accretive to ONEOKs distributable cash flow in all years from 2018 through 2021 providing for a 21% initial dividend increase followed by expected annual dividend growth of 9% to 11% through 2021 with 1.2 times or greater dividend coverage all the while improving our consolidated credit metrics.  Our integrated assets and growth over the last 10 years has us well positioned to capitalize on improving market fundamentals and the continued development of the extensive resource plays within our broad 37,000 mile footprint. Derek will now provide additional details about our financial performance and outlook. 
Terry K. Spencer: John, definitely in the fourth quarter the spreads were narrower than we've seen in the third quarter and also the structure of the market that we get a lot of our marketing activity was narrower than we've seen. But as we move into the first quarter we've already seen the spreads between come and go it would be a lot wider than in previous years. We're seeing propane at $0.08 to $0.10 and butane at $0.12 in February and a little bit narrowing in March but still very strong. So I think that we will have a very good optimization in the first quarter. 
Terry K. Spencer: The 17 million is compared to the third quarter and most of that is in the marketing book. We had a very good third quarter in the marketing but we're definitely seeing wider spreads today than we saw in December as we continue to go through that. So we'll definitely have -- should be better off in the first quarter maybe different within the fourth quarter.
Terry K. Spencer: Yes Kristina I think that you're thinking about it right. As we think about this 1.5 billion to 2.5 billion of projects under development there's a pretty good portion of it in our gathering and processing segment where we're adding additional capacity more around the SCOOP play and then certainly along the lines of the types of projects that Phil’s talking about specifically in the pipeline segment. But also opportunities in the Permian NGL related infrastructure, NGL storage, those types of things when you think about how it's broken up at a $2.5 billion level you're roughly talking about a third, a third, and a third, that is a third G&P, the third pipes and third liquids. And so generally that's how you think about -- that's what the that's what the projects look like that are currently under development.
Terry K. Spencer: Sure, certainly we have an appetite for M&A we've got an appetite for asset acquisitions as well and in the things that the transaction certainly provides a benefit to our currency. And we are continually thinking about strategic M&A and what assets that we don't have that would certainly make sense. So, the challenge remains finding something that's actionable and if you do find something actionable trying to find something where the bid has spreads not so wide. So those challenges remain but certainly as a result of this transaction we’re very interested in acquisition opportunities.
Terry K. Spencer: Well it usually probably take us about two years to get a frac for that standpoint and I think we won't need additional frac capacity until we get into 2019. Some of the people we've talked about out of the SCOOP or the STACK we are talking about dish transporting their barrels maybe not doing a complete frac, complete bundle service. So you kind of play that into as well but I think it will be 2019 before we would really think we need to look at additional frac capacity. 
Terry K. Spencer: Everybody I want to just make a just a quick correction, I guess I got tongue tied in one of my numbers when I was talking about Mid-Continent. Natural gas volumes I said 790 million cubic feet per day periodically and what I meant to say was 690 million cubic feet per day so perhaps that was a wishful thinking on my part but anyway my apologies. So hopefully that clarifies it and we will make sure the transcript appropriately reflects the corrected number. Thank you.  Now back to questions. 
Terry K. Spencer: Well, certainly that happens over time and that $200 million EBITDA impact that is still a good number. The timing is 2017, 2018, and 2019 impact. So the cumulative effect of all the incremental ethane coming on would have an impact of $200 million. So that's all still -- that is all still -- well still works. So that's the timing bit. 2018 is a big year for the petrochemical facilities starting up with as we said earlier in the call we've got three large crackers coming on that are going to crack anywhere from 80,000 to 100,000 barrels a day a piece of ethane. So of course that's pretty big and a million barrels a day ethane market and then we have been significantly more crackers starting up in the 2018 timeframe. So we expect significant uplift in this business as we think forward in this NGL segment. The uplift from ethane continues to be a big part of our story in addition to all the raw feed growth that's happening in the STACK and the SCOOP and in the Permian. 
Terry K. Spencer: Yes Chris, that is right. The Permian will come first and then we'll go into the Mid-Continent but I will say that the rates out of the Mid-Continent aren’t very far behind the Permian. They're very close to each other so they could -- you could see a little bit come out Mid-Continent first depending on which power contracts are structured. But that's basically on a high level, that's what we see happening. 
Terry K. Spencer: Well in terms of just transporting out of the SCOOP and the STACK we have some customers out of the SCOOP and the STACK that have frac capacity and they wanted to fill their frac capacity first. And so that's why we were working with them to just do a transport only type of deal. In terms of our frac capacity I would like to see what comes out of the SCOOP and the STACK, there's an opportunity to fill the existing capacity we have today and obviously ethane is going to flow that capacity as well. But we are very excited that we think as we go forward and look into 2019 and beyond that there is opportunities as the Permian grows, as the SCOOP and STACK grows that we may have a frac coming on but all is going to depend on commitments from the producers and processors I'm going forward.
Terry K. Spencer: Other thing I would add to that is that we as well also have fracs permitted in Mount Bellevue so when we get the commitments we will be able to start building fracs.
Terry K. Spencer: I think really as we talk about people that we may be transporting out of the SCOOP and the STACK they’re predominantly be going into their own fracs that they own. They would be doing it but and so we negotiate on those transportation deals independently if they're going to take it to a third party frac, we negotiate those independently. So we'll go after the link that term that we think is appropriate for our business here regardless of what they get on the frac side. Some people have done shorter term frac deal, some people have done longer term frac deals, and some of the other volume that we transport only.
Terry K. Spencer: Thank you our quite period for the first quarter starts when we close our books in early April and extend till earnings are released after the market closes on early May. Thank you for joining us. 
Sheridan C. Swords: The first thing John we did see a little bit of impact of weather in the Permian but West Texas pipeline which a lot of people think of as just a Permian did see more weather impact through the Barnett Shale and we did see some methane more increased ethane rejection out of -- on the West Texas pipeline in the fourth quarter. And we should continue to see growth in the Permian. As we go in, the Permian has been fairly steady through the year but we are connecting additional plants in the Permian, two additional plants this year will increase our volumes out of the Permian. 
Sheridan C. Swords: I think to think about it definitely would be ramping up in the second half of the year because that's when we said that we'll start seeing the ethane sustainably coming out in the second part of the year as we go forward. But I think as we come into the second quarter as I think we will start seeing this cross the 800, a lot depends on the growth out of the SCOOP and the STACK. We're seeing a lot of great results today and we are seeing some of those, I mentioned some volume growth out of the Permian and then the Williston Basin still comes on strong for us as well. We see that throughout the year. So I think an answer to your question is going to be much more second half with your ethane and these plants continue to ramp up but will probably cross 800 in the second quarter. 
Sheridan C. Swords: Sure. Michael, this is Sheridan. The West Texas rate case we will be in front -- we have a hearing in front of an administrative law judge at the end of March and then after that it will go through its normal course to come to a resolution on that. In terms of how that impacts the new plants we are connecting, we are able to contract these new plants at market rates not at the lower rates due to the -- that is what the market is out there. So as we increase the volume out there we'll get it at a higher rate. The capacity that we have is we're talking to many different plants out there and some much further than others and we think that through those discussions there is a distinct possibility of an expansion coming on the West Texas pipeline out of the Permian Basin as that continues to grow. So that will be depending on how successful we are with contracting some of these new plants that will be up in the next year to 18 months. 
Sheridan C. Swords: Well, definitely it will be cheaper than laying a new line but it will be in some pumps and some little bit of looping up some of the line and there probably be some additional gathering infrastructure out to the Permian. 
Sheridan C. Swords: So, just the only thing I would add to that Chris is that from an ethane perspective we have the capacity necessary to reap this $200 million impact, EBITDA impact from incremental ethane. So that capacity, our deethinizers are underutilized right now as a result of the ethane rejection. So there's no capacity that has any meaningful size and needs to be built to accommodate that. What Sheridan's primarily talked about is the raw feed or C3 plus capacity that needs to be constructed to accommodate this organic growth not just out of the STACK and the SCOOP but certainly out of the Permian. We expect to be a fractionation service provider for customers in the Permian even though currently many of our customers frac in other locations. As we bring on the incremental development that's happening in the Permian we expect to be providing the full menu of services these customers are gathering fractionation and certainly storage as well. 
Sheridan C. Swords: No, the $0.03 that we have talked about is an overall fee on the West Texas pipeline at the lower rates that we are at today. The most of the other pipelines are at a much higher rate and that higher rate is where we see is comparable to the Mid-Continent. So if you just look at what we've provided we've provided $0.08 a gallon on an average fee out of the Mid-Continent. And so that we feel that fee is competitive with some of the fees that are out of some of the new plants that are out of the Permian that are on the newer pipelines which are at a higher rate than our normal pipelines.
Sheridan C. Swords: The $0.03 yes, it’s definitely transportation only it is an average fee for the whole West Texas pipeline. That takes in Permian, Barnett Shale, East Texas, short haul volumes. So it is an average across that whole thing. Obviously Permian is going to be on the higher state even on our system. $0.08 out in the Mid-Continent is an average fee that has both transportation and transportation in frac. But could also go to [Indiscernible] different places but we see -- as you talked about certain contracts in the Mid-Continent we know are competitive with some of the new plant out of the Permian. 
