Pierce Norton: Thanks Andrew. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in investment in our company. On today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development; and Kevin Burdick, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas Gathering and Processing; and Chuck Kelley, our Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Pipelines. Yesterday, we announced strong second quarter 2022 earnings, provided an update on the Medford incident and affirmed our 2022 financial guidance expectations. As we sit today, we still expect to achieve the midpoints of our 2022 net income and adjusted EBITDA guidance, which Walt will provide additional details shortly. Our second quarter financials were achieved despite unseasonable weather in the Rocky Mountain region during the quarter. Two separate April weather events cause widespread outages and power, disrupting midstream and producer operations across the region. Our employees were well prepared and quickly responded to the challenge. They remained focused on the safe operation of our assets and the safety of the communities where we operate. And they worked with local agencies, customers, utility providers to resume normal operations as quickly as possible. Across our operations, we continue to see strength in producer activity, with commodity prices and demand supporting a strong second half of the year. While it is still too early to provide our outlook for 2023, we are well positioned across our integrated footprint to help transport and process essential natural gas and natural gas liquids. Before I turn the call over, I'd like to make and provide an update on the Medford, Oklahoma fractionation facility. On Saturday, July 9, mid-afternoon, there was a fire at the facility. First and foremost, all of our personnel were safe and accounted for, the safety of our employees and communities is always the main concern and initial focus during a situation like this. I would like to thank the many employees, first responders and local agencies who worked together to quickly respond to the incident. We cannot see enough about the corporation and the coordination efforts of those teams who work to put a safety of our personnel and the surrounding community first. We are incorporating with government agencies as we work to determine the cause of the incident, but expect the facility to remain out of service for an extended period of time. In yesterday's earnings release, we provided details of our property and business interruption insurance coverage. Because of this coverage, we do not currently anticipate that the incident will have a material effect on our financial condition. Results of operations or cash flows, however, the timing of insurance proceeds may impact financial results in a given quarter or year. From an operational perspective, we continue utilizing our system of integrated NGL pipeline, fractionation and storage assets. We're also working with industry peers on additional fractionation and storage arrangements. I want to thank those companies for working with us to keep these essential products flowing since the incident. Our industry has a long history of stepping up to help each other when disruptions happen. And this incident has once again proven that relationships in corporation are critical to this industry's long-term success. And we want to thank them once again. With that, I will turn over the call to Walt for discussion on our second quarter financial performance.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Walt and Kevin. As we enter the second half of 2022, we see producer activity and attractive commodity prices providing tailwinds to our business. We’ve affirmed our financial guidance for the year underscoring the resiliency of our operations, earnings and employees, who are always ready and willing to respond to changing market and operational dynamics. Challenges happen in our business and weather is unpredictable, but how we respond to the – is the real difference maker. Operating safely, sustainably and environmentally responsibly remains an important focus and is key to our success as a midstream operator. How we operate is important, but also how we engage with our employees, communities and other stakeholders is also important. To learn more about our commitments in these areas, I encourage you to review our most recent corporate sustainability report, which was just published to our website last week. The report details are most recent environmental, social and governments related performance and programs and highlights key initiatives underway across the company. Our ESG efforts are a source of pride for ONEOK, and we are committed to continuing to make progress in these important areas. With that, operator, we’re now ready for questions.
Pierce Norton: So Jeremy, I think I’ll let Walt take the materiality question for us and then we’ll flip it over to Kevin and Sheridan on the offloads.
Pierce Norton: Well, I’ll handle the tax portion of that. Jeremy, that the – you’re right, it’s still off the presses and we’re getting a lot of the details, but I do think the late in the game addition of using tax depreciation versus book depreciation was a positive development for us. And we don’t see a real meaningful increase in our tax over the long-term. We may have a little bit higher tax in the earlier years, but if we get into that alternative minimum tax at that 15% that would be for an extended period of time where we would’ve otherwise gone to a statutory rate. So while we expect some are higher level of taxes that addition to the tax depreciation was a big positive.
Pierce Norton: Michael, we expect to get timely recovery of our business interruption insurance. We will actually book that as we receive those proceeds. But that’s why we said that we may have from time to time a – little bit of a timing difference if we hit right at quarter end. But we expect timely ongoing payments that would flow through our income statement in a normal way.
Pierce Norton: Well, I think there are a couple dynamics going on Colton, the 30 million you referenced really got power costs were just higher, but we also had a more volume. So you had more power just moving it there. And then we also had a turnaround in the second quarter, which caused us to go get some outside frac capacity during the quarter, and that’s in there as well. So some of those costs will just be – will float as power costs moves around. But some of the other costs were more one time. So that’s as we think going forward, we typically do more work like turnarounds and integrity work and other expense project type work. We’ll do more of that in the summer when the weather is better. So historically, you might see a little stronger in the summer from a cost perspective on those types of activities.
Pierce Norton: Colton, there’s a lot of factors that go into that. Sometimes it impacted, sometimes it doesn’t. I think we’re – we think we have a good opportunity to incentivize more ethane in the second half of the year. So we’re very bullish on that, but due to the regional gas prices, but how it affects the overall average rate kind of depends on where it’s come volume and the escalators that we have on our base business.
Pierce Norton: Yes. That was mainly related to inflationary escalators for both fuel and power and inflation, and we do have those inflationary escalators coming on throughout the year. So we do anticipate it will increase.
Pierce Norton: No, I don’t believe you’ll see any offset. It’s just normal course of business on our large portfolio mix. So I don’t – you won’t see any offset.
Pierce Norton: So this is Pierce. The way we look at that is that we look at all the levers that’s available to us. So we’re going to be looking at as we get closer and closer to what Walt had mentioned about the 3.5x on the debt to EBITDA ratio as we continue to go below 100% on our payout ratio, then that’s going to actually open up some of those other elements to us that we’ve had in the past. Of course, our first focus is going to be on these organic opportunities because they give us the best chance to deploy capital that gives us really, really good rates of return. We are proud of our ROFC that we’ve been able to achieve, and we are predicting that is going to continue to go up. So I think what it’s going to do is just give us more flexibility to use whatever levers that we feel like, bring the most value to our shareholders.
Pierce Norton: Well, I mean, the way I would say that right now is we are looking at all the pieces and parts to that facility right now. So we’ll be assessing that over the coming weeks as to exactly what pieces of equipment are still usable or are not. So we can’t say emphatically right now that it’s either a total loss or not a total loss. We’re doing the assessments of that.
Pierce Norton: So, Craig, the only thing I’d add to that, this is Pierce, is post Winter Storm Uri, the value of storage has increased. And so we do have customers that lay that seasonal spread and that benefit goes to them. But we also have utilities that are putting gas into storage every single month during the summers getting ready for that winter pull that they have during their peak demand from basically December through March.
Pierce Norton: Yes. From a cost perspective, we’ve probably seen more pressure on outside services more than anything as we think about our projects. In many cases for the projects, we were working on, especially MB-5 and Demicks III that equipment had been purchased years ago before the projects were paused. So we had a lot of that taken care of. On the new equipment that we’re ordering and the new materials we’re ordering probably as much impact from a supply chain perspective just on a timeliness or schedule perspective than cost. So those are some of the things we’re obviously watching closely and staying on top of hadn’t impacted any of our scheduled dates or our dollar amounts that we’ve got these projects approved for. So we still feel very good that we’re right on top of on budget and on schedule.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Pierce. ONEOK second quarter 2022 net income totaled $414 million or $0.92 per share, a 21% increase compared with the second quarter of 2021 and a 6% increase compared with the prior quarter. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA was $886 million and an 11% increase year-over-year. Compared with the first quarter of 2022, higher second quarter results were driven by increased NGL volumes across our operations and higher realized commodity prices primarily benefiting our Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment. Operating costs increased in each of our business segments, which is typical for the second quarter as improved weather allows for more routine maintenance projects to take place. As of June 30, our net debt-to-EBITDA on an annualized run rate basis was 3.8 times. And we continue to view 3.5 times or lower as our long-term aspirational leverage goal. In June, we redeemed nearly $900 million of senior notes due in October 22 with cash and short-term borrowings. We currently have no long-term debt maturities due until September of 2023. Yesterday, we reaffirmed our 2022 financial guidance expectations. And to expand on Pierce's comments earlier as we sit today, we still expect to achieve the midpoints of our guidance range ranges, which remain at $1.69 billion for net income and $3.62 billion for adjusted EBITDA. We expect total 2022 capital expenditures to trend towards the upper end of the range of our guidance range of $900 million to $1.05 billion, driven by higher producer activity levels and expansion opportunities in our natural gas pipeline business. Positive drilling activity across our operations and expectations for higher natural gas and NGL volumes in the second half of 2022, support our financial guidance and continue to point to a strong volume exit rate this year. I'll now turn the call over to Kevin for a commercial update.
Walt Hulse: Well, Jeremy, I think that we’re very comfortable with that, that comment. I’m not going to give you our level of materiality, but I will say that remember that our insurance coverage provides for a 45-day period, which we have as a standalone and then we have business interruption insurance from that point forward. So we’re very, very comfortable with the view of where we’ve come out from a materiality standpoint.
Walt Hulse: And so I’ll take the question about CCUS. I’d like to remind everybody on the call that 36% of the natural gas demand in this country is devoted to electricity. You add to that 33% in the industrial sector. So that’s a total of almost 70% of the natural gas demand goes to those two forms of consumption. Anything that is done that would enhance the ability to capture carbon from natural gas being consumed is a good thing for our industry. And so these incentives, it’s left to be seen exactly how effective they’re going to be, because we need to know the details, but it does encourage us as an industry and as a producer of natural gas and actually, the liquids that are coming off the oil production and the natural gas production in these rich basins that this will help to curb the CO2 emissions in the future. And we do think that will open up some opportunities that we will look both at CCUS and hydrogen. So I think it’s a positive for the industry what’s happening.
Walt Hulse: Yes. Craig, I think that we are – we believe that we’ve got business interruption insurance for our entire business under that coverage. And really don’t see a meaningful difference from how our earnings would be sorted out in our normal guidance.
Kevin Burdick: Yes, Jeremy, it’s Kevin. On the volumes and where they’re going right now, I mean, clearly a lot of them are going down to Belvieu. We talked in our remarks about our industry peers that have been very helpful in securing spots for those barrels. We feel good about being able to move the volume. Especially as we get to MB-5 and keep in mind, that’s going to be another 125,000 barrels a day of new capacity that will come online early in the second quarter. So that’s the things we’ve got lined up there. And again, we feel good about being able to move the volumes.
Kevin Burdick: I mean, I’ll start Brian. This is Kevin. I think the base business is performing very well. If you think about where we were going into the storms, we were right on track with everything that we had kind of outlined and laid out. The storms up in the Bakken did kind of set the basins back a couple months, not just with the volumes flowing, but also it was kind of a couple months pause on lower completions that we saw. So it kind of delayed things, and that’s the reason that we’re going to be at the lower end of the guidance from a volumetric perspective there. But on the flip side, when you look at the NGL business and what they’ve done both from a earnings perspective, as well as a volumes perspective, and then the outperformance of the gas pipeline business, I think those two segments are performing at or better than we anticipated coming into the years. So I think it sets us up nice going into to 2023.
Kevin Burdick: Brian, you hit it on the head. We’re still really early in that process. And, and again, not ready to talk about timing or anything like that. We’ve got capacity secured, we believe to move our volumes and we’ll keep working that until we get more information.
Kevin Burdick: Michael, this is Kevin. I mean, I think we’re in really good shape as we’ve talked for the last several months. And when you think about Demicks Lake III coming up, that gets us a nice headroom of capacity in the Bakken. We’ve talked about the available capacity that’s currently exists on Elk Creek and then we’ve got low cost expansion opportunities if we need to expand that pipe. We just demonstrated, we’ve got some expansion opportunities on West Texas as our volumes continue to grow out there that we can expand that pipe in tranches. Plenty of capacity in the Mid-Continent, obviously with what’s going on at Medford frac capacity is tight and is going to remain that way until we get clarity on what’s going on with Medford. But other than that, we’re in excellent shape as we think about our capacities and where we’re at.
Kevin Burdick: Chase, this is Kevin. You’re right. We provide the hedging information that’ll come out in our Q and we’ve provided that in the past. So we are pretty well hedged, but prices have run up significantly and we’ve been able to benefit for that – for the part of those that those contracts that aren’t hedged. So that’s what you’re seeing. And also the other thing that’s driving the price improvement is just what volumes are on what contracts. So we’ve been fortunate to have some volumes come in on higher in this case, higher POP type contracts and been able to benefit from that.
Kevin Burdick: Typically from an open perspective, we’ve got – we hedge most of our commodities in a similar way. So you’re not going to have a higher percentage hedge necessarily of natural gas versus crude versus NGLs.
Kevin Burdick: Jean Ann, this is Kevin. Yes, I think we feel good about the timing of that. There’s some other smaller scale things that have gone on up there that have created a little more capacity. So we think that timing lines up pretty well with the kind of our outlook of where gas volumes go. I would remind you, there’s still, we believe 300 million, 400 million a day of Canadian gas that can be displaced coming out of the Bakken. And so that’s there’s capacity there that just may not on the surface look like it’s there. In addition, we can always, if you get tight and we’re I say, we’re wrong or we’re a little bit late, you can always recover ethane to reduce the MMBtus that go into the pipe. So we – all in all, we feel good about where we’re at.
Kevin Burdick: No, I’d just say that with some of those transactions, obviously, we take a look a lot of things, but they just haven’t been a fit for us. One of the things I would put out there is that me that we could have continued to grow volumes on our West Texas LPG system. Many of those contracts have quite a bit of term left, and many of them are with producers who have taken kind rights. So regardless who the processor is we believe those volumes will stay with us. So that’s some of the other dynamics at play.
Kevin Burdick: Sunil, this is Kevin. Yes, that’s just with our assets and with – we’ve got assets in Conway and Belvieu and storage, that’s just the delta between sometimes we have an opportunity to make money than as different prices per by commodity. So how different prices compare of the different commodities in how we move barrels around and how we sell barrels. And so that 10 million was just lower than the – sequentially lower in the first – than the first quarter in that part of our business. But it’s all in is part of that kind of how we’re optimizing our system.
Sheridan Swords: One thing I’d add is, we’ve been able to talking with our peers, we have very much comfortable with our growth plans through 2023, depending on how long this lasts, it will be able to handle all of the volume income in our system.
Sheridan Swords: Michael, this is Sheridan. The way we buy gas at the alternative at the gas plant. So we go and look at what we could sell gas at the gas plant versus what we could sell ethane in Mont Belvieu. And so whatever the gas plant is receiving, that’s what we can get. So an AECO price is a factor in what the gas price we’re receiving at the gas plant.
Sheridan Swords: I think the first quarter announced – this is Sheridan. We came out and said, we had reached 385,000, but we had an average 385,000. Actually July at 360,000 will be our highest monthly average that we’ve had off the Bakken pipeline. And we continue to trend higher in – as we get into August, we are trending even higher than that. So from an NGL perspective on the Elk Creek pipeline, we are back further than we were in the first quarter, or even in the fourth quarter of 2021.
Sheridan Swords: James, this is Sheridan. We don’t designate by frac where we sell barrels. We can – with our integrated system, we can deliver barrels from any of our frac into the Mont Belvieu complex. And with that frac being down, we can get these barrels into the Mont Belvieu complex, mainly because of our Arbuckle II asset that we had just brought online that we know had significant extra capacity on it for upside. So we’re able to deliver through the raw feed system down to Mont Belvieu. And if we need to, we can use the purity system to do that as well. Since we don’t have as much purities coming off the – we don’t have any purities coming off the Medford frac. We have a little bit extra capacity on that. So from a pipeline perspective, we feel very good about getting the product into Mont Belvieu.
Sheridan Swords: Yes, a lot of it, I think we’ll see our rates tick up a little bit, and you’re seeing that because of the inflationary escalators that we have on our system.
