Terry K. Spencer: Sure, Ted. We still, in our view, still, the economic returns on these projects are still within that 5 to 7x in our view. But certainly, you do have to think about the impact of commodity prices over the course of the last 2 or 3 years, we have seen private prices come down, already has impacted returns somewhat, but we're still within that 5 to 7x range.
Terry K. Spencer: I mean, Ted, most of these plants, when we turn them on particularly Garden Creek II, Garden Creek III, and then the new process capacity that we've announced over the course of the last several months, we expect those to be full, pretty darn quick. Almost, as we start them up, they will be essentially full, day 1.
Terry K. Spencer: They'll be very similar to contracts in the past, the acreage dedications, DOP percentage plus deed [ph] components.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Carl, I'll take part of this question and then I'll have to let Rob follow up with it. But yes, the characterization of the projects that are coming in to the backlog as we continue to announce are not really no different than in the past. It's all gathering and processing, it's liquids-related infrastructure. And it's in, of course, our core regions, the Bakken. We have expectations for the Niobrara or the Powder River Basin as well. But really, it's more of the same I think, the mix of the projects too from a spending standpoint have been pretty well, in the past, have been pretty well, 50-50 gathering and processing and NGLs. And I'll let Rob speak to kind of to go -- to going forward his assessment.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, I'm going to let Sheridan handle that question, but the only comment I will make, my contribution is that our business is a very complicated business in terms of the way we operate it. And when Sheridan gets done talking to you about that, you'll have an even better appreciation of the complexity. Sheridan, take it away, please.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Carl, I'm going to take the last part of that question. I'll let Sheridan handle the first part. But the last part of the question, no. We don't have concerns, but we do remain very sensitive to the market and extremely aware of our competitions out there. And so we've been very successful competing in our area and really don't see any vulnerabilities. The one contract that you've heard us talk about a number of times in the past calls is -- we had a contract at the beginning of the year that we terminated and that was a below market, very, very low margin contract that have been in place for a number of years. And so we terminated that contract. And that's, of course, has impacted our year-over-year volumes. We haven't forgotten the question already. I think Sheridan will handle the first part of it.
Terry K. Spencer: Michael, one other tidbit of information, I think may be helpful is that when we look at frac utilization in an ethane rejection environment like we're in right now, you may see the total utilization percentage be well below 100%. And I'm talking about anybody that operates fracs here in the industry. It's a little bit misleading because what's not being utilized in an ethane rejection scenario is the front end of the frac. The back end of the frac may be very full, okay? And so that's one little phenomenon or a characteristic that you need to be aware of that I think will be helpful to you to take you, particularly as we're in this ethane rejection environment.
Terry K. Spencer: Michael, I think the first thing you got to look at those 3 lines is working as one system. And so you have 3 different capacities that you can put the right mix of product on those lines. And with how we've configured today, we're also going to use one of those lines for raw feeds to move raw feed between the Mid-Continent and Mont Belvieu. So like when we're in certain situations where we have an ethane rejection, we don't have as much FEEP [ph] coming out of the Mid-Continent, we can put that on a smaller line and use one of the other lines for purity products or raw feed if that's what it dictates. So we'll be able to move product in between those lines to maximize capacities that we have going from Conway to Belvieu. So you kind of got to think them -- you got to think of them as a complete system, not as individual pipelines.
Terry K. Spencer: Yes, Michael. We still are engaged in that process and still would like to establish a footprint, where it makes good sense and where it makes economic sense. The Bakken continues to be an area that we're continually prospecting for opportunity. The fact of the matter is though as you look at the crude oil landscapes, not many people want to sell or divest their crude oil assets. So those are very valuable -- they're very valuable assets to the most midstream companies. So we continue to look for logistical opportunities, storage, terminalling, pipelines, that type of thing. But of course, we, again, have to continue to weigh those investments against our alternative investments in our core areas like our Bakken gathering and processing, our Mid-Continent gathering and processing, our Mont Belvieu, Gulf Coast NGL position. So we want to be in the crude business. We are very aggressively looking for those opportunities, but certainly, we're not going to do them at the expense of economic discipline. And in particular, at the expense of investments we're making in our core areas.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, certainly, we're going to -- it's going to take a lot of capital, as you can see. We have already announced our Demicks Lake processing plant and now we're telling you that we're going to announce, yet more capacity between now and the end of the year, pending board approval. Every time we announce these plants, they're now much larger plants than we built in the past. They're in that 200 million -- they're 200 million a day capacity range. And now, we've announced 2 of them in the last several months and you got -- from that, you've got a pretty good sense of what the capital is and the frequency associated therewith. We don't know exactly when the capacity is going to stop. That is what's happening that's making this challenging for us is that the increased density, the increased number of wells per spacing unit is increasing dramatically, seemingly quarter-by-quarter. And when you look at current density levels being at about 14, roughly 14 wells per spacing unit, that's compared to maybe 3, 4, 5 or 6 several months ago, that has a tremendous impact on your volume forecast. It makes it difficult to figure out where the top side of this thing can be. We have also heard, increased density to as many as 30-plus wells per spacing unit. Although, we've not assumed that in our economics. And certainly, we have a very large acreage dedication inventory, if you will. That is we got a lot of acres under dedication there. They're continuing to grow. So it makes that really challenging, John, I wish I could tell you an exact figure of what it's going to take to get to that point, because it may take more. If I gave you a number, I might determine 3 months from now, it's going to take a lot more. And certainly, that's a good problem to have for a midstream company.
Terry K. Spencer: Sure. At least half, okay? When you look at the -- you look at our footprint within our footprint, we've got 5 million to 6 million acres that our asset footprint touches. We've got 3 million acres under dedication. When you look at kind of our share of the field within our reach, 50% is a pretty good number right now. And as we continue to put these larger processing plants in, that percentage will likely grow.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, as I said earlier, in the earlier question, our returns are still within that 5 to 7x. Commodity prices have affected that particularly with these POP contracts to some extent, but they're still within that -- they're still comfortably within that range. What's happening -- what effects returns as well as margin is volume, okay? And the volumes continued to perform. We continue to build incremental gathering facilities in addition to these plants at lower cost. So I think to some extent, we've offset some of that impact from commodity pricing, lower commodity pricing.
Terry K. Spencer: And Chris, of course, obviously that percentage hedged is now in that 57% range on the NGLs, we will look for opportunities to hedge as we move through the back half of the year.
Terry K. Spencer: Chris, it'll be opportunistic. We don't have anything right now at this 10 seconds, but yes, certainly we're looking at it every day. Hard.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, we -- actually this -- as you move into the later part of the year, we get a little more comfortable with our volumes. And then so we -- so as we move into the year, our tendency -- or as we move through the year, our tendency would be to get more hedged, okay? But we're -- the market today has limited opportunities for us. And like I said -- but it can change in a hurry. And we'll continue to use this opportunistic strategy, which gravitates around a 75% hedged across the board strategy, okay? So -- and it's not -- that's not real prescriptive and hard and fast. We have at times gotten above the 75%. Like I said, as we move later into the year and get more confident in our volumes, so I hope that helps.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Chris, the short answer is, yes. It is expandable. We've done some expansion and some expansion projects are underway. And if necessary, more to come. I'll let Sheridan talk, give you a little more color on how we would expand those facilities.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, Jeremy, I'm just going to just tell you, the short answer, it's all about volume. And Rob will give you a whole lot more color than that, I'm sure.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, we -- as we said before, we're continually looking for opportunity to expand our footprint work where it makes sense and where we can utilize, in particular, our existing assets to enhance any competitive advantage getting into those areas. So yes, we continued to look. The Permian, certainly, as I've said many times in the past, is an area of focus for us. It’s a target-rich environment in terms of production and it's underserved in some areas. So yes, we're going to continue to expand or at least look to expand outside our footprint. The Niobrara, of course, is one as you've mentioned, one that where things are going very well for us. We continue to contract more and more acreage dedications and enhance our contractual footprint there and the capital spending is coming. So yes, that's kind of the -- that's kind of how we look at it. Yes, we really would like to have another platform, well it be like -- whether it's for crude oil as I've mentioned before or perhaps it's gathering and processing and NGLs and in another region, perhaps the Permian, certainly, that'd be very attractive to us.
Terry K. Spencer: Sure. I mean, I think, what we can tell you as far as that capital backlog, we haven't provided specific timing associated with it, but generally speaking, it takes a couple of years to build these -- most of these projects, these plants and these pipelines. So I think if I were trying to make a swag at it, in terms of timing associated with that capital, certainly most of it would be spent over the next couple of years.
Terry K. Spencer: Yes. It would actually be announced -- well, yes, if you -- if it's going to spend -- if the spend rate is a couple of years, it takes you a couple of years to spend it, you're probably going to announce most of these projects in the next 12 months or so. But yes, I think that's fair.
Terry K. Spencer: Well, certainly, I just at a high-level, what I can tell you is supply. Growth continues to be very strong and it's coming actually from a lot of different areas like the Eagle Ford and the Marcellus. And of course, in our core areas, the supply continues to grow. So I can -- I'll let Sheridan provide you, perhaps a bit more color, at least his thoughts on that.
Terry K. Spencer: I think, its correct too, the other comments that I'll make is, there's been a lot of talk about ethane export facilities. And so, that the timing associated with those is not immediate. So they're still a year plus away. I think the other thing that you have working against you is the view, maybe that natural gas prices are going to stay fairly weak over this time frame, as well. So that will have a -- that will kind of have a drag down effect on your ethane prices.
Terry K. Spencer: I guess, one thing I'll add to this, Wes, you could add to it if you don't hear -- if you don't agree with what I'm saying. If you look at a plant, you build a 200 million a day plant in the Bakken versus a 200 million a day plant in Oklahoma, those are not the same plants, okay? The processing plant in the Bakken is designed to operate in extremely hostile conditions. And so, a lot of measures have to be taken in the design of that plant, okay? So I mean, that's a factor in the difference of some of these costs. And, of course, the richness of the gas is hugely significant in the design of these plants. It's basically, the NGL content sets the size of many of these towers that are used in the processing and facilities, so -- and the size of liquid pumps and what have you. Whether it's getting near to that.
Robert F. Martinovich: We started the Canadian Valley sort of that process in April, so as you're going through the startup there or you're going -- you're not running at full efficiencies, quite frankly, as volumes are coming on, and you're getting plants lined up, so that was the primary factor.
Robert F. Martinovich: Sure, Carl. Step back and the only thing I'll add to what Terry said is certainly, what we're seeing in the Bakken, in the Mid-Continent Shale or some or the other shales is the newer wells are stronger than probably they were a few years ago. And so, with that, kind of, as an overall backdrop, certainly, what we're seeing is the opportunity for additional gathering and processing infrastructure in the areas be it the Bakken, the Niobrara, Oklahoma as we've demonstrated and then going forward, continuing in the Bakken. And then, from an NGL infrastructure, to support those liquids. So I'd say it's going to be, at the end of the day, maybe a little bit tilted towards the gathering and processing initially, but I think over time, it will works its way down to that 50-50.
Robert F. Martinovich: Michael, you hit it. As we bring more of these plants on, not just from our own plants or from other plants, we are looking forward to having more fractionation capacity coming online, trying to make sure we understand where the right place to put it in our system is to maximize utilization of the capacity that we have now and in the future on both our pipelines and our existing fracs. So yes, you will see if everything continues to progress, you will see more fracs come out.
Robert F. Martinovich: Chris, yes, we are expecting, at this point, a stronger second half than we had a couple of months ago. We expect to, from a processing volume standpoint, beat our guidance. At this point in time. And so as a result, you did see the percentage hedge reduce.
Robert F. Martinovich: Just for -- from a numbers standpoint, were the pumps that Sheridan talked about gives us up to 135,000 barrels a day and that initial looping, up to 160,000.
Robert F. Martinovich: Let's start, I guess with -- from a pipe standpoint and just kind of go segment by segment, I mean, obviously, we had a great first quarter with regards to the maximizing our assets during the severe winter with regards to park-and-loan, as did our equity interest in northern border. And so we've been able to keep that and that segment has continued to perform well as noted in the second quarter, and we expect that to continue going forward the balance of the year. So we certainly expect to keep those gains. While G&P--while the rest of the industry got stung a little bit on the outset side of that severe weather from a volumetric standpoint, again, we're emphasizing on what we said earlier, the second half of the year with those facilities coming on early with the continued strong volumes that we're seeing in the Mid-Continent, that facilities coming on earlier in the Bakken, that's giving us pretty strong indications that overall, volumes for the year are going to be stronger than what we guided to. And as a result, that's where we're going to see the benefits in the second half of the year. And as -- so that's the G&P. So obviously, expecting both those to continue to perform strongly for the year. From an NGL standpoint, while volumes are down where we thought we would be at the beginning of the year, certainly, we don't want anyone lose sight of the great first quarter with regards to, again, maximizing our assets to get propane to the Midwest market and the other opportunities have to continue to come along. Isomerization spreads, certainly were strong this quarter. The guys are doing all the, as Terry alluded, very complicated business, but they're doing a lot of things, maximizing our system, again, to take us the opportunity where spreads are. So while volumes, overall are down, we do have some better margins that are accounted for in that volume being off, as well as some additional volumes are mitigated with take-or-pay or ship-or-pay contracts as well. So net-net, that kind of where we see the 3 segments with GMP and pipes being up and then NGL being slightly down, but overall, that's the reason that Terry commented that we are reaffirming guidance for the year.
Robert F. Martinovich: I mean, historically, it's you would call it seasonal, Craig. I think there is some things as far as where that supply was coming from this year versus in past years, where it's been more focused on a Mid-Continent supply, so that's where we got the benefit from that standpoint.
Robert F. Martinovich: Craig, I guess, certainly, we're into the period now where from a overall construction and specifically well-connects, July and August have historically been our industry's high watermarks. I mean, you're making a lot of hate now from that perspective. So those typically peak. And as you get into the fourth quarter and early in the first quarter, depending on whether, that tends to slow you down. So again, somewhere to the overall volume standpoint with the first quarter, severe weather that puts you a little bit behind where you thought, where you thought you might be. But at the end of the day, our well-connects aren't really ratable over the year because of just the seasons that we have. But overall, from a growth standpoint, again, when you, again, step-back from a growth, to support those volumes, they're going to be continued number of connects. Now obviously, as we go to the multi-well pads, you're laying one well in and as Terry said, as those number of wells per spacing unit continue to increase, you're going to benefit from that. But at the end of the day, the number of wells ultimately, that you're able to handle is going to continue to grow because that's supporting this ultimate volume growth that you're seeing from third parties that's just continuing to ramp up to the right pretty strong.
Robert F. Martinovich: And then, Helen, from a standpoint of margins, I mean, margins in the Bakken are stronger than the Mid-Continent. I don't want to say that, that's necessarily the reason for the cost that you charge more, but I mean, historically, they have been stronger.
Sheridan C. Swords: Carl, you kind of hit it on the nose. Narrow spread differential is overall, that's what's driving it. As we see spreads or prices are more in favor of the Conway market, we are moving more of the barrels up through our system to Conway, which has taken barrels away from Sterling system, than we had seen in the previous quarter. So that's really overall what's driving our system, driving the flatness in the 2 quarters that paces that -- more is just going north to the higher Conway markets.
Sheridan C. Swords: Carl, as we look into the fourth quarter of this year and why we've changed our volume, it kind of comes down to a couple of things. And one is we are seeing more ethane rejection across our system and so that's having an impact on us as well. We're also seeing, as plants ramp-up, they're not ramping up quite as fast as we thought they would in certain parts of our system. But also, we are seeing some -- the volume that's not coming on is more weighted towards our lower margin volume and the volume that is coming on is more of a higher margin volume. So that's a little bit unfortunate for us that we're kind of having that mix, that there are higher-margin volumes are doing well, if not exceeding our expectations.
Sheridan C. Swords: Basically, the last expansion that we did--let me back up--the first expansion, you saw we put intermediate pump stations in. The next expansion, we started loops on the pipeline, so any further expansions of the pipeline will continue to extend a loop, meaning that we're laying a line right next to the original line and tying it in, that we need more capacity, we'll continue to extend those loops to be able to get the right amount of capacity on the Bakken Pipeline.
Sheridan C. Swords: Yes. The investment will be smaller in size than building a brand-new system. Now eventually, as you extend loops, you'll have a new system when you finish them all, but you do it incrementally, a little bit at a time.
Sheridan C. Swords: Well, the other thing is, you have as is within '15, '16, you get in the end of '16 '17s, when the new big crackers come online. So you're kind of in this -- we think you're kind of in the situation you are today through those next 2 months -- next 2 years. Obviously, guys have heard some other plants that have been down longer than anticipated for both planned and unplanned outages have built ethane inventories higher than we anticipated at this time, and we think that's going to have a little bit of a drag into the next 2 years.
Sheridan C. Swords: Yes, we're seeing a little bit more demand this year during the, what we call the driving season in the unleaded market. That is continuing over a period of time that we haven't seen in the past. Our customers are demanding more from us out of the Mid-Continent than they have in the past. And that could continue to go forward, but we don't -- it's still a seasonal spread opportunity asset.
