Pierce Norton: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. On today's call is Walt Hulse, Chief Financial Officer; and Executive Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development; and Kevin Burdick, the Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. Also available to answer your questions are Sheridan Swords, our Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas Gathering and Processing; and Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President, Natural Gas Pipelines.  Yesterday, we announced second quarter 2023 earnings and increased our full year 2023 financial guidance. Strength in volumes across our operations, particularly in the Rocky Mountain region and Permian Basin, resulted in higher second quarter results and positive momentum entering the second half of 2023. We continue working toward a successful closing of our pending merger transaction with Magellan while remaining focused on the growth of our legacy assets. Initial activities have begun on 2 NGL pipeline expansion projects. The growth we are seeing across our existing operations is driving the need for these economically attractive projects.  Walt and Kevin will talk more about the early work that we are doing on the Elk Creek and West Texas natural gas liquids toplines.  Regarding our pending acquisition of Magellan Midstream. We've recently accomplished 2 critical milestones toward completing the transaction, including the expiration of the HSR waiting period in June and the filing of the definitive proxy materials with the SEC in July. Proxy mailings are already hitting investors' mailboxes. As we look ahead to the shareholder and unitholder votes on September 21, we're confident that the investors of both companies will see the compelling long-term value proposition this transaction brings with immediate financial benefits and incremental growth through the combination of these 2 companies.  Today, we will walk you through both the macro and micro takeaways of our synergy assumptions. I will cover the macro and Kevin will go into more detail with the macro explanations. On Slide 6 in our earnings presentation, which was provided yesterday with our news release, you will see a summary of how we've organized the synergy opportunities we've identified to date and have targeted to realize as a combined company. You can see we have slided these commercial opportunities into 4 categories and have provided a breakdown for both the assumed scenario in our proxy and for the incremental potential near-term commercial opportunities.  So now I'd like to cover the macro takeaways from Page 6 previously referenced.  First, combined, these companies will have opportunities that were not possible as stand-alone companies. Second, batching and blending are done by both companies today. Therefore, these operational techniques are well understood by both companies. They are not new. But the difference is with these assets under one company's direction, batching and blending value can be realized on a larger scale.  Third, with the exception of bundling, the 3 remaining commercial categories are within 100% of our control. This means that we make the decision to pursue opportunities if they make commercial and economical sense instead of relying on factors outside of our control.  Fourth, as we integrate the 2 employee bases post close, we can focus on widespread collaboration and believe that we will find even more opportunities not identified to date.  And finally, there is significant potential value in the near term, the next 1 to 4 years, above our assumed case in the proxy. ONEOK has proven our commercial creativity over the course of our company's transformative history, and together with Magellan's team, we believe our companies have many opportunities to continue improving the services that we offer to our customers and returning value to our investors.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Walt Hulse, for the discussion of our recent financial performance and guidance increase.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Kevin, and thank you, Walt. We've had a strong first half of the year with a promising second half still ahead of us. We continue to focus on the fundamentals of our business that have gotten us where we are today. These fundamentals include customer service, reliability, innovation and, most importantly, a focus on operating safely and responsibly. We have a long and successful track record of growing and transforming our business while innovating for future opportunities but even through change and advancements over our more than 100-year history, ONEOK employees have been consistent in their dedication to doing things the right way.  In the coming weeks, we'll be publishing our 15th Annual Sustainability Report. I'd encourage you to review the report and see our many updates related to our environmental, safety and health performance, related targets, employee initiatives and examples of how we're economically participating in the future of energy transformation. We're proud to share our efforts and accomplishments, but we also know we can't stop there. As our company continues on our journey of growth, change and progress, we remain committed to operating responsibly and sustainably.  As we look forward to increasing our operations, workforce and expertise through the merger of Magellan. We're also excited to join 2 companies with proud histories with a more promising future combined. I want to thank all the employees from both companies that are working on integration plans while continuing to run daily operations. We look forward to building on all that both companies have accomplished, creating a larger, more diversified company with a shared commitment to safety and stakeholder value.  With that, operator, we're now ready for questions.
Pierce Norton: So this is Pierce. Brian. I'll start out with some comments, and I'll let Kevin fill in or share in either one. So the $800 million is a list of opportunities that we have that's fairly lengthy as far as what the potential could be based on certain volume assumptions, pricing assumptions, and time. And so you come up with your list first, and then you have to go back and risk weight those as to what you think can realistically be done.  I think in any of these transactions, you want to come up with the most comprehensive list possible realizing that you may not get them all. So we're very comfortable in that range of $200 million to $400 million. And so -- but we wanted to add the color to kind of show how we risk weighted both into that assumption.
Pierce Norton: The only thing I'd add to that, Brian -- this is Pierce -- is there's not one large opportunity in any one of those buckets that's driving it. It's multiple opportunities.
Pierce Norton: This is Pierce. We are in the process of deciding exactly how we're going to report all these segments. And then when we make that decision, we're going to move forward. But we're reporting by segment the way that we report on our business. As far as -- we'll give you as much detail as we possibly can without compromising anything we have from a competitive advantage standpoint.
Pierce Norton: Well, I think the way I'd answer that question is that both companies right now, we're focused on the vote. Magellan is focused on their vote and ONEOK, we're focused on our vote. We believe that the Magellan unitholders and the ONEOK shareholders are going to see the value in this deal, the combined companies. And I think we're scratching the surface there because when we get these 2 companies combined, I think and get our employees collaborating together, I'm very confident in the innovation of both companies is going to turn out to be something that people are going to really be proud that they voted yes for this deal.
Walter Hulse: Thank you, Pierce. With yesterday's earnings announcement, we increased our 2023 financial guidance expectations. We now expect a 2023 net income midpoint of $2.49 billion and an adjusted EBITDA midpoint of $4.675 billion, a $100 million increase from our original adjusted EBITDA midpoint provided in February. These midpoints are ONEOK specific and exclude the impact of the pending merger with Magellan and any future merger-related costs in order to be an apples-to-apples comparison with our original guidance provided in February.  Higher guidance expectations were driven by volume growth, volume strength across our operations, higher average fee rates and lower-than-expected third-party NGL fractionation costs. In the second quarter, we recorded $31 million of third-party fractionation costs compared with $46 million in the first quarter. We expect approximately $30 million of third-party fractionation costs per quarter to be a good run rate for the remainder of the year as MB-5 is fully operational.  Strong producer activity and a constructive volume outlook also drove the increase in our capital expenditure guidance. We now expect total capital expenditures, including growth and maintenance capital, of approximately $1.575 billion in 2023. Initial activities, including the purchase of long lead time components related to the expansion of Elk Creek pipeline and the decision to complete the full looping of the West Texas NGL pipeline are included in our updated guidance. Kevin will provide more detail on these projects shortly.  Now a brief overview of our second quarter financial performance. ONEOK's second quarter 2023 net income totaled $468 million or $1.04 per share. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $971 million, a 10% increase year-over-year. If you exclude merger-related and third-party fractionation costs, second quarter adjusted EBITDA increased nearly 15% and would exceed $1 billion. In June 2023, we redeemed $500 million of our 7.5% senior notes due September 2023 with cash on hand. Our net debt to EBITDA remains well below our long-term target of 3.5x, and we had more than $100 million of cash and equivalents as of June 30.  Early in the second quarter, Moody's upgraded ONEOK's credit rating to Baa2 from Baa3. As it relates to our pending acquisition of Magellan, I'd note all 3 rating agencies, Moody's, S&P and Fitch, reaffirmed our investment-grade credit ratings pro forma for the acquisition showing a recognition of increased scale, earnings diversity and growth opportunities that this acquisition provides. As it relates to merger transaction financing, we expect to complete a notes offering prior to the close of the transaction. We are monitoring the markets and will be opportunistic in our timing of that offering.  I now turn the call over to Kevin for a commercial update.
Walter Hulse: Well, we definitely haven't changed our view on where we want to be from a long-term standpoint. We've heard out there that 3.5x, we thought was a good benchmark for us. We are going to trend that direction pretty quickly with this transaction. And as we said in the past, we have no issue if we trend a little bit lower than that 3.5x. But we think that puts us in a good position to take advantage of opportunities as they come down the road over time.
Walter Hulse: Jeremy, the one thing I might do is give you a little bit of context on those numbers that were in the proxy. Those were numbers that were developed in September of '22 for our board meeting in November where we got the 2023 plan approved. The numbers for 2023 were the primary focus of those numbers. But as we've made -- as we stated in these conversations, and you'll remember, if you looked at the proxy that it goes back to September of 2022, we were using the same numbers for our board that we were using in our planning process. They were not a forward projection of our full view of what we would do in outer years. It was a pretty good view of 2023. So as we see these business opportunities grow, we will give guidance for '24 and beyond when we get to February and in future periods.
Walter Hulse: Like I said, I think that you should think about those numbers with the primary focus on 2023 to try to look forward 15 months and give a rig count is something that we don't typically try to do. We usually freshen that up and the team is actively thinking about that as we head into the fall for 2024.
Walter Hulse: Michael, if you -- again, think of the timing when we did it. This is back September of last year. At that point in time, we thought the Saguaro pipeline would be further along in its process. We've now said that we expect FID between now and the end of the year. So that just from a timing standpoint, that analysis assumed that the Saguaro pipeline was fully included. And with the timing moving on that and some other projects, we see some of that kind of shifting out, some of it won't be realized that we will actually do it, and there may be other projects. The capital, as we look at commercial opportunities is continually revisited and the number that we gave you today is our expectation for 2023.
Walter Hulse: Well, I think that I would -- as you look forward, kind of think about it this way, that as Kevin mentioned, most of what we're looking at is build-outs from our existing system whether it's expansions or add-ons to that. So at the moment, we don't have any significant sized project that we have looming out there other than we've obviously talked about the potential of the Saguaro pipeline.  And the long lead times. In this environment, you always have to be on that game. And so we are looking at that as it relates to all of our projects and how we can be there to meet the needs of our customers going forward. So that's just a reality in this day and age.
Walter Hulse: Craig, I think I would leave you with the thought that a lot of these opportunities are incremental off of our existing assets or Magellan's assets. So in most cases, we're expecting very low return -- very high return, low multiple opportunities. So not an enormous amount of capital that is necessary to make those hit. We will continue to evaluate that and see if there are other growth opportunities that come up. But I think that we would expect to be at the lower end of that 4x to 6x, if not significantly better than that.
Walter Hulse: Sure. I'm actually glad you asked that question. That is just renewing the ATM plan that we have had in place for better part of 7 or 8 years. We've had -- we have not utilized that within the last 5 years and don't really have any expectation to utilize it going forward. But we do think it's a nice liquidity tool to have in our -- to have available to us, but there is no expectation that we would be using the ATM on a going-forward basis.
Kevin Burdick: Brian, it's Kevin. No, I mean we've kind of provided as much as we're going to provide at this time. Again, just for competitive reasons, we're not going to -- we don't -- we prefer not to get into the details at this time of some of that. A lot of these will happen with not a lot of capital. Some may require a little bit, but we'll work those details as once we get closed and get into it.
Kevin Burdick: Jeremy, it's Kevin. I think it's shaping up very well. The activity levels we're seeing across our footprint really in all 3 of the major areas. And even a little activity in the Powder, but primarily the Bakken and the Permian announcing or talking about these expansion projects that we're pushing forward to me signals that volume's coming and the activity levels we're seeing right now in the Williston and the Permian would absolutely dictate that we would be continuing to grow as we move through '24.
Kevin Burdick: Michael, it's Kevin. On the timing, we're not -- we're just going to -- we're not going to get caught short. As we look at our customers, we're going to make sure we've got that capacity there. We're still working through. And on the cost, we're given consistent with the NGL expansion as well, we decided to give here's what the impact is going to be in '23 as we move forward and we get to '24, then we'll provide -- it will be included in those numbers there as well.
Kevin Burdick: I mean, this is Kevin. Again, we're not going to start guiding to '24 yet, but just notionally, you think about the projects, we've got our -- at the activity levels we're seeing, it'd be relatively consistent from just kind of that routine stuff. So to the extent we don't announce any other larger projects than it would be in the ballpark. But again, like Walt said, we're constantly looking at projects. We're evaluating projects and some pop and get to the point where we execute and others don't.  So it's kind of hard to say. But we don't -- there's nothing we're seeing other than Saguaro. It's more pipeline expansion type stuff.
Kevin Burdick: Our focus right now on Saguaro is -- I mean, like we said in the remarks, there have been some positive developments, that's great. But our focus is on continuing to drive out and ensure we get the presidential permit and the timelines we need and continuing to refine our estimates, and we're focused on that -- the U.S. side of that pipeline.
Kevin Burdick: Jean, really, it's just segment hitting on all cylinders. There's a variety of things. I mean, absolutely, after Uri, the increase in storage, both from an amount of storage contracted up and the rates we were getting that was a benefit. The segment has seen an opportunity, again, through its retained fuel and some gas sales to be opportunistic there. That's been strong. And with some market dynamics and how they've handled here recently parking loans and so forth has been a little bit of a benefit to us.  So really, the segments just performed outstanding, and we continue to find other projects as well. We're not done as it relates to looking at other storage opportunities, expansion opportunities, whether it be in Texas or Oklahoma. So again, segment is just doing a great job capturing the market opportunities that are provided.
Kevin Burdick: Well, when we think about gas, the gas production, that wouldn't have as much ethane recovery, but it's definitely the activity levels we're seeing, the productivity, it's a combination of both of those. Producers just continue to get better and better when it -- as it relates to their drilling techniques, their completion techniques, some of the length of the laterals has expanded in certain areas. All those things really go into giving us, again, a lot of strength as we exit Q2, where we're at and where we think it's going to go. So you're right. We do see strength, and we think we're in a great position.
Kevin Burdick: Neil, this is Kevin. I'll take it, and again, we're not going to get into project-specific details. But I think Sheridan mentioned earlier, it's going to be -- those opportunities are going to be a mix of both. It's going to be volumetric, and it's going to be rate. And to the extent we can find opportunities for the higher rates, great. If it's more volume, that's great, too. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it.
Kevin Burdick: Well, again, this is Kevin. Keith, the remarks I made earlier, we're going to stick to those. We're working -- there have been some positive developments, like you said. But at the end of the day, we're focused on the U.S. side and making sure we are in line with the overall timing and needs of the projects. So that's our focus right now is really on the U.S. side.
Sheridan Swords: Jeremy, this is Sheridan. I'll start with the West Texas completing that loop. So we're just finishing completing the loop that we started in 2018. It's a very low cost per barrel of capacity loop, and we'll be adding the pipeline capacity when it's done coming out of the Permian will be well over 700,000 barrels. We have contracts in place that give us a very nice return on that project with still a lot of capacity left to be contracted as we go forward. So we're very excited about that project. I think that's going to be a very, very low multiple projects when we're done, high return.  On the -- coming out of the Elk Creek as we continue to see volume grow in the Elk Creek on obviously, out of our G&P presence up there, where we have a large majority, 60% of the market share up there and then off of what volumes we see from third parties that we've already contracted. We now see the opportunity that we need to grow this pipeline to make sure we don't get caught short. So with the margins we see on there and just putting in pumps on our pipeline and just the last bit of capacity, it's going to be another very high-return, low-multiple project on that.  So obviously very excited as we continue to grow forward. Just another example, as we said, we will not get caught short of volume coming out of the Bakken.
Sheridan Swords: I think we, this is Sheridan again. I'll give you 1 example of what we can do it as a batching opportunity is obviously with our Sterling pipeline that runs in between the Gulf Coast and the Mid-Continent region. We can put refined products on that to move refined products in between those 2 locations on the safe pipeline as we are moving NGLs on that pipeline as well.  So that's an example of an area where we could be moving back and forth between two areas on refined products on the NGL pipeline. That's an example of batching.
Sheridan Swords: The reason we use $0.07 illustrated estimates, that's kind of what we see the overall tariff in between those 2 areas tend to be from more on the refined products pipeline as we see that, then obviously, there could be upside to that as we go forward, depending on where the markets are.  But that's -- we wanted to use a number that was out there in the market, and that's what we see today.
Sheridan Swords: I think we see a lot of opportunities in both areas. We're trying to give you an idea of what the impact could be and give you more of a notionally where we're thinking about going on that. It could be both. We could be -- we think that there's opportunity for increased margin. We also think there's an opportunity for increased volume. But we're trying to give you an idea of what the impact could be and a little bit of sensitivities around that. That's how we came up with the numbers that we gave you.
Sheridan Swords: One thing I'd add with that is that with this -- we had a big run-up in ethane prices, and it came off and overall is still higher than it was in the first part of June, which has allowed the Mid-Continent for later part of June, July and into August to be in full ethane recovery.
Sheridan Swords: Neil, this is Sheridan. A lot of that, obviously, the increase in rates is going to be -- we had inflationary factors in there. Depends on the contract mix where -- what contracts coming in there. We've renegotiated contracts. So it's overall, as we move through, we continue to improve those contracts, to go forward. But I think one of the biggest ones is probably more of the inflationary escalators having the biggest impact.
Sheridan Swords: Keith, this is Sheridan. We see some opportunities in butane blending, but we see opportunities in other blending as well, not just on butane, but other NGLs into different products. We see -- be able to expand that and be able to actually do the butane blending that is being done today also cheaper.
Sheridan Swords: Yes, Neal, this is Sheridan. Yes, there's some -- I think there's some opportunities near term, but it is going to be a little bit lumpy. As we said in the remarks, it's a lot is going to be dependent on when contracts come up and as we continue to see how these 2 assets work together and multiple touch points with the same customer is going to create opportunities. So we're going to see some in the beginning and then as contract roll off, will be lumpy throughout the 4-year time period.
