Pierce Norton: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. On today’s call is Walt Hulse, the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development; Sheridan Swords, Executive Vice President, Commercial liquids and Natural Gas Gathering and Processing, which includes our commercial responsibility for our NGL business, refined products and crude businesses. Also available to answer your questions are Chuck Kelley, Senior Vice President, Commercial of Natural Gas Pipelines; and Kevin Burdick, who has assumed the newly created position of Executive Vice President, Chief Enterprise Services Officer, with responsibilities for cybersecurity, information technology, enterprise optimization, innovation, and integration activities. This position will be vital as we continue to integrate systems, technologies and workforces following the acquisition of Magellan. Kevin is uniquely qualified for his experience in integration processes, information technology, commercial and corporate operations to lead the company as we continue to identify, prioritize and realize the value of the synergies as one company. We completed the acquisition just over a month ago. And since then, we have been fully focused on integration activities, maintaining the reliable and responsible operations, our customers and stakeholders expect from us. And at the same time, exploring optimization and integrated opportunities by engaging the combined commercial, operational and engineering teams. What has become evident at this point, based on the number of commercial synergies and opportunities is the importance of prioritization, the value of combining our companies, the potential commercial synergies and the opportunities going forward are significant, more to come on this in the coming months. But after September 25 and getting full access to both companies, I can say that the collaboration of our employees is already presenting additional possibilities. ONEOK’s increased scale, scope and diversified operations are already enabling us to create exceptional value for our stakeholders. We have added primarily fee-based earnings and expect a significant free cash flow through the new refined products and crude businesses and expected tax synergies, which combined with ONEOK’s legacy operations, is setting up a strong finish to 2023 and a solid foundation for 2024 performance. Yesterday, we announced third quarter 2023 earnings and increased our full year 2023 financial guidance on a pre-acquisition basis for the second time this year. We also provided new consolidated guidance that includes the impact of the Magellan acquisition. Walt will provide more detail in our guidance a little bit later, which is underscored by our strong volumes across our systems and favorable market conditions continuing to drive confidence in our expectations. We saw double-digit growth in NGL and natural gas processing volumes in the third quarter and continue to see robust producer activity across our operations with North Dakota natural gas production reaching a new all-time high in August. The industry landscape is healthy, and now with a more diversified portfolio of assets, we are even better positioned to make the most of opportunities across our operations. So with that, I will turn the call over to Walt for the financial performance and a guidance update.
Pierce Norton: Thank you, Sheridan and Walt, for adding color to what was a very strong quarter. With only 2 months much left in 2023, there’s still time for progress to be made and a lot to be excited about. Since closing, I’ve had the privilege of visiting many of our field and office locations, and we’ll continue to visit additional sites. I’m energized by the enthusiasm and the collaboration that I’ve already seen between both the legacy ONEOK employees and the Magellan employees. I can say with certainty that we have incredible teams in place. Thank you to all of our employees for what you are doing to continue our high level of service through safe and reliable operations. And thank you to our investors for your support and trust in our vision for the future of ONEOK. Our future is bright and the long-term value of bringing our companies together will play out in the years ahead. With that, operator, we are now ready for questions.
Pierce Norton: So I’ll start off and then I’m going to kick it over to Kevin on this. I am going to kind of start with part of your question is kind of what have you seen immediately with some of the kind of the smaller things. As you know, after closing, we do have immediate synergies that have been realized basically from day 1, which are board costs, credit facility renewals, cyber insurance, audit fees and then the executive organizational design that was put in place. So all of those kind of things added up to some immediate savings that will be annualized primarily in next year. I’m going to turn it over to Kevin to kind of talk a little bit more about the process, both on the small things and the large things.
Pierce Norton: Well, Jeremy, this is Pierce. We do the same thing we’ve always done, which is we continue to look at different things out there. And like Walt said, with the capital allocation strategy that we have, it’s just a lot more flexible going forward post Magellan and especially with our debt-to-EBITDA metrics coming down quicker than what we expected. So it’s probably about as much color as I can get right now.
Pierce Norton: Well, I said – this is Pierce. What I am going to tell you is that to kind of tag it on to what Kevin is saying is that we are confident that these opportunities are there. It’s just a matter of the timing of when they come in, and we will let you know that as we give our guidance from year-to-year.
Pierce Norton: Keith, this is Pierce. I think this is the point in the call where I would tell you that we are going to be intentional and disciplined about any future M&A opportunities.
Pierce Norton: So, I will kind of take – I think that’s a big picture question. First of all, I think with – go all the way back to OXY with what they did with Anadarko and then fast forward to what Exxon has done and the most recently, Chevron. We actually view that as very positive because most of those companies are kind of reinvesting in domestic production, very large companies. So, we see that as a positive for domestic production here in the United States, so that’s the first thing I would say. The second thing was as we do business with all of those people, and now that we are not only in gathering and processing, but in natural gas pipelines, in the NGL business, refined products and crude that goes into this bundling concept where when you have that as a producer, one of your areas, you have added different businesses going forward. We just feel like there is even going to be more opportunities to bundle different deals together to get more and more businesses with these larger companies.
Pierce Norton: Well what we are seeing is as we have put these two – just as a reminder, prior to September 25th, you are limited in how much discussion and how far you can go with some of these discussions both on – with people, contracts, commercial opportunities. So, what we are seeing is as we have gotten access to all the information, all the contracts and the people and our people are working together, we are just seeing more and more opportunities. And so we are going to prioritize that. It’s hard to tell right now if we have overrun some of those kind of things, but that’s something that we are – we definitely have enough that we can prioritize the things that are going to make the highest impact in the shortest amount of time. So, those are the ones that we are focusing on, and we are managing through the rest of it. But we are not going to lose an opportunity because we feel like we are – we don’t have resources, we will get resources to deal with those.
Walt Hulse: Thank you, Pierce. I’ll start with a brief overview of our third quarter financial performance. ONEOK’s third quarter 2023 net income totaled $454 million or $0.99 per share. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled more than $1 billion, an 11% increase year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA would have exceeded $1.1 billion for the third quarter 2023, excluding $123 million of transaction costs, $35 million of third-party fractionation costs and partial earnings from the Refined Products and Crude segment. Refined Products and Crude segment earnings totaled $40 million of adjusted EBITDA from the 6 days following the close of the Magellan acquisition, which includes a $9 million mark-to-market gain on commodity derivative positions settling in the fourth quarter 2023. It is worth noting those 6 days of earnings aren’t necessarily an indicator of full third quarter segment earnings in part due to the uptick in our seasonal butane blending business. As of September 30, we had no borrowings outstanding under our $2.5 billion credit agreement and had more than $280 million of cash on hand. As we look ahead, we expect fourth quarter 2023 net debt to adjusted EBITDA, excluding transaction costs, to be approximately 3.7x on an annualized run-rate basis. Moving on to our increased guidance. On a pre-acquisition basis, we now expect 2023 net income midpoint of $2.61 billion and adjusted EBITDA midpoint of $4.8 billion, which is $125 million higher than our last guidance increase in August. These midpoints are specific to legacy ONEOK operations and exclude impacts from the Magellan acquisition in order to provide a more accurate comparison with our original 2023 guidance. Since that original guidance announcement in February, we have increased our adjusted EBITDA midpoint by $225 million. Our higher guidance expectations are driven by volume strength across our operations, higher average fee rates, lower than expected third-party NGL fractionation costs and sustained strength in our natural gas pipeline segment. Moving on to our newly announced 2023 consolidated financial guidance, which includes impacts from the Magellan acquisition. We expect a consolidated net income midpoint of $2.6 billion and adjusted EBITDA midpoint of $5.1 billion. Consolidated guidance includes earnings from the Refined Products and Crude segment following the close of the acquisition on September 25 and also includes $175 million of transaction costs. Earnings assumptions for the refined products and crude segment also include an approximately $40 million unfavorable earnings impact in 2023 related to commodity inventory balances being valued higher at the time of the acquisition than pre-acquisition value. As these inventories are sold, we will recognize a smaller margin than would have been recognized at the pre-acquisition value of the inventory. An additional $10 million unfavorable impact is expected in 2024 related to the same inventory valuation adjustment. The Refined Products and Crude segment is expected to perform in line with its previously increased expectations, which reflects solid segment fundamentals despite the impact of the inventory valuation. We continue to expect total capital expenditures, including growth and maintenance capital and excluding legacy Magellan CapEx of approximately $1.575 billion in 2023. This includes assumptions for continued strong producer activity and initial activities related to the expansion of Elk Creek pipeline and fully looping the West Texas NGL pipeline. As we look ahead, our financial outlook remains strong. When we announced the acquisition in May, we expected total combined adjusted EBITDA to approach $6 billion in 2024, supported by stable and growing volumes across our operations. As we stand today, our confidence in that outlook has only increased further, and we believe there is a potential to exceed those expectations. I’ll now turn the call over to Sheridan for a commercial update.
Walt Hulse: Well, Brian, we aren’t going to give you 2024 CapEx guidance today. I think that all of the material projects have been disclosed at this point. And as we look towards 2024 and the opportunities that we have, we see quite a bit of opportunity without any significant material capital projects that we’re ready to announce. So we think we’re set up very well for 2024, but we will give you the guidance in February to firm that number up.
Walt Hulse: Well, Jeremy, I think you’ve done a good job of summarizing some of the moving parts there. And those – at this point, I would say, are all moving in a favorable direction. In my prepared remarks, I mentioned that on a run rate basis after you take out the merger expenses and the like, that we expect to be approximately at 3.7x debt to EBITDA in the fourth quarter, which is ahead of the expectations that we had when we announced the transaction. So that’s obviously showing that we’ve got favorable free cash flow materializing, and that’s going to give us even more flexibility as it relates to capital allocation as we go into 2024. And we will update you all on that as we get into the 2024 season.
Walt Hulse: Yes, well, Tristan, as I just mentioned, our debt metrics are coming in line even quicker than we had expected. We continue – we think that direction will continue. And that’s going to give us significantly greater flexibility as we move forward to think about capital allocation. It’s going to give us plenty of capital to take advantage of high-return projects as they become available and think about ways of returning value to shareholders. And we’re going to lay that out as we get into ‘24 as we see forward where our debt metrics are headed and we will give you more clarity as we get into February.
Walt Hulse: Well, Harry, we’re pretty positive on ‘24 and where things are headed. So I think that we expect to continue to make progress on our leverage metrics as we go throughout 2024. We have said aspirationally all along, that 3.5% is a good spot to be. We don’t care if we go below it a little bit. That’s fine. If we have got significant earnings and it drives our debt-to-EBITDA below 3.5%, that’s a good problem to have. So, we are very pleased with the trajectory of that credit metric and have no reason to think it’s going to change any direction.
Walt Hulse: Well, I am not going to say we will or we won’t be in the bond market, but I would just say that the last several maturities that we have had, we have called for cash. We are generating a lot of cash. So, I think we have got the flexibility to manage our debt portfolio in a very comfortable manner. But we are going to keep our flexibility. If it makes sense for us to go to the credit markets for a reason, we may or may not do that. But you can see what we have done in the last several. And given the size, we are probably going to maintain that flexibility.
Walt Hulse: We are in a position right now where we are working towards FID and expecting the presidential permit here by the end of the year. And we will lay out the full program if and when we get to that FID point in time.
Walt Hulse: Well, I would say, clearly, our financial flexibility is increasing. And all of the capital allocation tools that are available are available to us and will be considered going forward, so plenty of flexibility and stay tuned.
Sheridan Swords: Thank you, Walt. Let’s start with our natural gas liquids segment. Third quarter 2023 NGL volumes increased 11% year-over-year with all regions where ONEOK operates seeing increases compared with the third quarter 2022. Compared with the second quarter of 2023 both Rocky Mountain and Mid-Continent NGL raw feed throughput increased 5%, driven by continued strong production activity in these basins, resulting in higher propane plus volumes and slightly higher ethane recovery levels. Rocky Mountain region volumes averaged more than 400,000 barrels per day in September. The continued growth in volume from the Rocky Mountain region provides momentum into 2024 and further supports why we have started initial long lead time activities for an Elk Creek pipeline expansion. We continue to maintain our ethane recovery assumptions for the remainder of the year, with the Permian in near full recovery, the Mid-Continent in partial recovery and opportunity to incent recovery in the Williston. In the natural gas gathering and processing segment, third quarter processed volumes averaged more than 2.3 billion cubic feet per day, a 12% increase year-over-year. As Pierce mentioned, North Dakota gas volumes have reached record production levels of more than 3.3 billion cubic feet per day in August. Our Rocky Mountain region process volumes averaged more than 1.5 billion cubic feet per day during the third quarter and reached more than 1.6 Bcf per day in September. We’ve connected 450 wells in the region for the – through the first 9 months of the year compared with approximately 245 connections during the same period last year, a more than 80% increase. We have also increased our well connect guidance for 2023 due to the strong pace of completions and now expect to connect 525 to 575 wells compared with our previous guidance of 475 to 525 wells. Currently, there are approximately 37 rigs and approximately 15 completion crews operating in the basin with 20 rigs and approximately half of the completion crews on our dedicated acreage, which remains more than enough activity to grow production. In the Mid-Continent region, third quarter process volumes increased 10% year-over-year and increased 3% compared with the second quarter of 2023. We continue to see producers focus on higher crude producing areas and currently have 3 rigs on our dedicated acreage in the region. We have connected 46 wells in the region through the first 9 months of the year compared with 40 in the same period last year. We expect to be at the high end of our Mid-Continent well connect guidance of 45 to 55 wells in 2023. Moving on to the Refined Products and Crude segment, we only have 6 days of operation from this new segment in the third quarter due to the timing of the acquisition closing, but the segment continues to perform in line with expectations that were already increased earlier this year. Healthy business fundamentals continue to drive consistent performance, and we’re currently seeing strong seasonal butane blending margins. Looking ahead, we see a growing list of opportunities, which will continue to drive growth in this segment through synergies. The more time we spend with the assets and with the legacy Magellan employees, we’re seeing even more opportunities. In the Natural Gas Pipelines segment, strong year-to-date results continue to benefit from demand from natural gas storage and transportation services. And we saw increased demand for interruptible services during the third quarter as extreme heat in Texas drove increased electric generation demand and pricing. We’re seeing opportunities for additional expansion in Oklahoma and Texas, with additional storage expansion in Oklahoma and Texas and demand for long-term storage capacity remaining strong. We continue to work toward FID in the Saguaro Connector pipeline and expect to receive the presidential permit before the end of the fourth quarter. There has been significant interest from producers in the Permian Basin relative to shipping gas west to the potential LNG export facility and reported support from multi-large, well-known customers anchoring the export project. Pierce, this concludes my remarks.
Sheridan Swords: Michael, this is Sheridan. I think what we’re talking about there is that, as we explained before, the legacy system that we bought from Chevron, we’ve been looping that system from West Texas all the way into the Fort Worth area where we tie into the Arbuckle II pipeline. When that loop is completed, which is in our West Texas project, we can segregate out the legacy system, the system we bought from Chevron and use it for a different product. And that is one of the things we’re looking at in synergies, and we will continue to evaluate as we go forward. But that gives us an opportunity to be able to move more product back into the Permian, whether that be refined products, where it gives us opportunity to move crude out of the Permian into the Gulf Coast or leave it in NGL service. That’s probably more of a longer-term type synergy that we have right now as we continue to look at that. But we do think that is an opportunity going forward to be able to leverage our three liquid pipeline streams in that pipeline, what we use it for.
Sheridan Swords: Michael, I think what this project does is make sure that we have enough natural gas takeaway out of the basin, we wouldn’t want that to be a constraint on the producers up there well, I do not think it has a big impact on our incentivized ethane program that we’ve had going on there because today, there is enough natural gas production coming out of the basin. So I think it’s going to allow the producers to continue to grow and have a surety of natural gas takeaway without hurting our ethane recovery benefits that we have today.
Sheridan Swords: The only thing I would add to that, Pierce, is that with the addition of the Magellan employees, we have much more confidence in both our engineering and operation capability since that is what they bring to the table since they are already operating marine docs and built marine docks.
Sheridan Swords: What I – this is Sheridan again. What I would say on competition coming in the basin is what we’ve said for many times is that on the G&P side, we have 60% of the market share, and that feeds our NGL pipeline. So we very – feel very secure about that volume. And then on the third-party NGL customers, we have long-term contracts with them, and that also gives us a surety that we will be able to maintain our volume coming out of the Bakken and be able to capture the growth going forward.
Sheridan Swords: Tristan, that’s a good question. And we’ve had that talk to our producers about that as well. And they don’t know where the top end of it is. What we do know is as wells continue to age, the GOR continues to grow up – grow. Now we do see some up and down in the GOR overall for the basin because as new rigs come on, depending on where they come on, they may have a starting point of a lower or higher GOR. So overall, it makes it move around. But every well up there as it continues to decline, the GORs continue to rise. And so that gives us a lot of confidence that even in a flat crude environment, which crude is growing right now, but in a flat crude environment, we are still going to see some pretty good growth in the gas volume in the basin.
Sheridan Swords: I would say that we have long-term contracts. That’s the people that we have contracted with both now and for the LPG expansion or the NGL expansion are long-term contracts. So we feel comfortable that we have the volume behind to be – to have a very favorable return on that project and with a lot of upside as we continue to grow. We think it’s a very cost-effective way to do it, that we can be able to compete going forward even as new pipelines come online.
Sheridan Swords: On the liquids pipelines, on the NGL pipeline, a lot of it is more driven by individual contracts as we do as not as much on the tariff itself. And then there is a larger portion of that on our new refined product system that contain that – but about 70% of our tariffs on the refined product system are at market rate that we can move as we want to. And so 30% would be more on a FERC tariff rate.
Sheridan Swords: Neal, this is Sheridan. Yes, we still are seeing good activity in the Bakken. We have increased our well count activity, and that’s to show you what we are seeing. And we think that’s going to continue or know that’s going to continue into 2024 in the Bakken. So, we are very excited about that. And that’s why we continue moving on long lead time items with the Elk Creek expansion. And then the Mid-Continent, as we said multiple times, has really been surprising us to the upside that more producer activity out there, especially with oil-driven rigs that is producing high GPM or high liquid content gas, that’s really – not only producing more gas in the region, but also more liquids for the NGL pipeline. So, we continue to see growth being very – we are very optimistic about growth going through the fourth quarter and into 2024.
Sheridan Swords: Theresa, yes, we do think there is a little bit this quarter. As you said it, a lot of it has been locked down or been hedged, but we do have some above that, and we are seeing wider spreads at this time, so availability is there, and also with our position, legacy normal butane position. There is opportunity there. We will have the butane available, and we can work a little bit on logistics cost. We think most of that’s really going to come as we come into next year where we will see a much bigger opportunity for synergies in the butane blending in the 2024 timeframe.
Sheridan Swords: Keith, we continue to look at that, and we have looked at a lot of different opportunities out there. What I can tell you is just by us expanding, we started off at about 140,000 barrels a day, now we are going up to 700,000 barrels a day. It has not been an impediment for us to be able to contract NGLs on that pipeline. But we will continue to look at as opportunities come if we need to get into the G&P space. And if it makes sense, we will get into it and do that. But so far, we have been able to contract and expand that pipeline without having a G&P presence. And a lot of that is, as you think about it, we have a very integrated value chain in touch. A lot of the producers out there in many different areas, so if we look holistically across our system, we can create and offer a very attractive program to them to incentivize barrels coming on to our West Texas system.
Sheridan Swords: Yes, our volumes continue to – we continue to grow that volume, especially as we bring some of these plants online. But right now, we are running about 430,000 barrels a day is coming through our whole Gulf Coast – Permian and Gulf Coast system on the LPG. And we have capacities when we get this completed, we will be able to have capacity for over 740,000 barrels a day.
Sheridan Swords: Neel, this is Sheridan. We still have aspirational to have LPG export terminal. We are not going to do a project that’s uneconomical. But we do have one of – or the only person that has the amount of volume at our disposal to be able to support a new dock, and we do have customers that are interested in seeing a new dock being built. So, we think there is an opportunity there as well. As it relates to how we prioritize that with our other opportunities, we are going to – as Kevin said, we are going to look at things on capital. How quick that we can get it to market and how much money we are going to make on that to determine which projects we have our resources work on. But I don’t think that the LPG export dock has moved down in the list from where it is before. We still are continuing to look at and still have conversations. But it is a much longer term project than some of the other ones that we have in the synergy category.
