Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Matthew. 5.5 years is a good term and if you look at my professional history, this was approximately the tenure in every key posting that I've had. I've given a lot, and I will continue to do so as a priority during the transition to support the team so that we can continue to deliver. Today, we reaffirmed our guidance. The business momentum is going as well as it could despite the competition and the life cycle events that we are facing. We are exciting about -- excited about the readouts to come. And the ADU and the anti-amyloid story is still unfolding. So the story will continue. And I'm very excited about the opportunity to have new readouts in that space that will best inform everything we've heard, including decisions. So the CEO transition is a natural event. And is there always an ideal timing? I'm not sure. But I think that after 5.5 years, while we have a strategy that is pretty visible to all of you being a specialized company in neuroscience with some immuno assets that are very important and in Phase III with the biosimilars and the digital health, I think the company is well positioned. It's good to have at one stage somebody else who comes with the support of the Board and basically revisit the assumptions. So I think that this will be good for everyone involved. And my focus again will be on the company. It's not about me. It's about the company, on the team and on a smooth transition. Business continues. I will be meeting all of you in the coming days in person in Boston and New York. I will be traveling with my team in Asia at the end of the week to meet our key partners and potential future partners and support our team and meet with PMDA also. So the business continues, and I will be at the top of it until the last second.
Michel Vounatsos: And a couple of comments to consider, Umer. The first one is that at that time where you started to cover, it was mostly U.S. business only. And this is not the case today. And the second point is that there were very few DMTs in the class, and now it's extremely crowded and Biogen is still the leader globally in each one of those being SMA, being MS and being NTMS in Europe. So this takes some muscles and, obviously, skills. And we have made tremendous progress in terms of using digitalization and all the means of engaging, but we get the point, and this is compounded by the investment we have made on ADUHELM that we're eliminating.
Michel Vounatsos: Operator, we’ll take the next question please. We’re having technical difficulties, we’ll try to rejoin the call. [Technical Difficulty]
Michel Vounatsos: Potentially for some, but not for all. I think that Biogen will remain on the upper hand on a few priorities, but we'll be open to look for partnering on others. But it's for Priya and the team to determine with the support of the governance of the company.
Michel Vounatsos: So we do expect the Phase III readout in the fall of this year. And we are discussing in full alignment with a partner the operational details beyond lecanemab. But based on the timing it will make no sense to carry such a long team, such a large team for such a long time. So I think it's the right decision. The preparation that was made on the infrastructure is there, and there is certainly a big benefit for the entire class moving forward. But we could not afford to keep the team, unfortunately, for that many months. So I think it's the right decision. Our sentiment for lecanemab does not change, just to be clear. 
Michel Vounatsos: Yes, absolutely. And I think it's a very important question. It's all about having the right priorities and somehow rebalancing the risk profile of the portfolio. And we know that. And this goes with neuroscience. That Priya will say more. 
Mike McDonnell: Yes, Umer, it's Mike. Thank you for the question. So the cost savings that we mentioned today, the additional $500 million run rate that will be largely tied to the ADUHELM infrastructure. And we talked about that on our last call that we had initially expected about a $400 million number in 2022. And so obviously, that will be cut substantially. So in the SG&A guide where we took that down by about $200 million, that largely is a significant piece of it. Beyond that, we will obviously look at some of the non-revenue facing pieces in G&A and others in order to achieve that run rate. And as we've said in our prepared remarks, we may invest certain portions of that $500 million in savings into the -- into future growth initiatives with the overall priority being to return to growth. I will say in closing that as it relates to guidance, we were able to reaffirm our guidance, notwithstanding the inventory write-offs and the currency headwinds that we were facing. And that was really a result of two things.  One is the cost initiatives, and then the second was that the top line has performed a little bit better than what we had originally expected at the beginning of the year. And I would point to SPINRAZA MS as well as the CD20s being a little bit stronger than expected, and that impact between the cost savings and the revenue. It's about half and half that contribute to our ability to hold the EPS in the same place. So we'll continue to take necessary cost measures to align with the revenue trajectory of the business. And hopefully, that's some helpful color.
Mike McDonnell: Salveen, hi, Mike McDonnell, and thank you very much for the question. Business development has been and continues to be our priority. And we have a pipeline that we feel good about, and we will continue to look to supplement that through business development transactions as we have done in the past. And at the same time, we will continue to return capital to shareholders. So it will continue to be a balance and business development has been and will continue to be a priority. 
Mike McDonnell: Jay, it's Mike. Thanks for the question. And I think that when you look at our balance sheet, we're in a very good place. We ended the quarter with $4.8 billion of cash. We received another $1 billion from Samsung in April. So we've got the better part of $6 billion of cash on hand. And when you look at our current debt levels, we're at two turns of EBITDA and gross debt and less than 1 turn net debt. So if you hypothetically added a turn of debt, not saying we wouldn't, but it's a hypothetical, that's about $8 billion worth of capacity that we have. And I think that our goal is to deploy that as accretively as we can with the number 1 goal being to bring ourselves back to growth over time. We've done about 30 deals and deployed about $6.5 billion in business development over the last 5.5 years. We will continue to prioritize business development along with returning capital to shareholders. It will be a balance. And I would say that we do have capacity for some incremental debt, but we've got so much cash on hand right now that adding debt is not something that we would obviously be needing or looking to do in the near term. So hopefully, that's helpful.
Mike McDonnell: Yes. So thank you for the question, Mohit. And obviously, we did not buy any shares back during the quarter, and you shouldn't be looking quarter-to-quarter because that can vary depending on what we have in the way of business development activity, timing of windows, other considerations, et cetera. But we do expect to utilize a portion of the $2.8 billion that remains throughout the remainder of 2022, and we continue to believe that our stock is a good investment. But at the same time, you obviously will not see us repurchasing shares at the pace that you saw back 2, 3, 4 years ago because of the situation with TECFIDERA and RITUXAN, but we do continue to see it as a good investment and it will be a balance between BD and share repurchase as we go. But we'll be smart and balanced about it. And our capital allocation, as we mentioned, is one of our key operational priorities as we look forward throughout the rest of 2022.
Priya Singhal: Yes. Thank you for that question. So first of all, let me touch upon lecanemab. I think that the data that I referred to is data from the gap period in the open label, which was followed by the open-label extension in the Phase II study. And I think what it shows you is that the science on this aspect of what is the ideal treatment duration is emerging. And that's really the point that we need to kind of take away from this. So the field is evolving. There were two biomarkers AB in [ph] 42 to 40 ratio, as well as plasma phospho-tau 181. And we saw a reversal in both in the wrong direction.  So I think that how we are trying to address this is -- Eisai is actually taking a lead on it because they are assessing how maintenance can be applied, and they are doing this in their open-label extension in the Phase II study. So there's more data probably that will read out in the upcoming period as they learn more. And I think with donanemab, you asked me for a comparison, I can only speak to the data that I've seen in the public domain.  And I think that what we haven't seen is the after effects of long-term follow-up. We haven't seen a similar effect of what happens to amyloid plaques, of what happens to phospo-tau once lecanemab is stopped. And I think that, that data would be relevant for us to make a fair comparison. At the moment, I think what we believe, along with Eisai and what we see, is that stopping prematurely can cause a reversal. So hopefully, that answers that part of the question. And then the second part of your question was about divestiture. And I'll just step back and say that we are looking across our entire portfolio, our R&D portfolio, and making integrated decisions on prioritization.  What do I mean by this? I mean that we're looking at our disease areas, we're looking at our therapeutic areas, we're looking at where we are leaders, where we have a lot of internal expertise, and we are prioritizing accordingly and being good stewards of resources. So this is also driven in part by internal and external readouts. For example, we've just filed for zuranolone. This is a very exciting step for us in neuropsychiatry and we are expecting an upcoming readout for BIIB104, which is for cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia. So we'll see what that readout shows us. But again, we will anchor to areas where we have success, we have expertise and build around those areas. The same goes for lupus. We have three programs in lupus and we will continue to build out those areas as we see readouts and data. We may also consider expansion of indications. So everything is really on the table and we're trying to be very disciplined about an integrated prioritization and methodology. Now within that integrated prioritization, we may have assets where we believe that they may have -- be better utilized by partnering them or by externalizing them. This is what I meant by divest. So hopefully, that addresses it. It's just one part of a much larger, synchronized, integrated R&D strategy. Thank you.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Michael. Yes, I would say that across the board, we are going to be driven by science and integration and maximizing the value that we bring to patients with diseases of high unmet need. So I think we would evaluate all options. But I think the science has to be the driver, and that's how we would do the evaluations. So yes, exactly as you said.
Priya Singhal: Yes. Thank you, Marc. It's a really pertinent question here. So I think two -- it's a 2-pronged approach. Number one, we're going to be driven by the science, we're going to stay within neuroscience. So I think at this point, I want to be very clear that we stay within neuroscience. It's a very important part of our expertise, our talent pool, and we are continuing to build on our strengths there. But we are definitely open to adjacencies. We've already demonstrated -- for example, as I mentioned with the zuranolone filing and with the 104 readout coming on its heels. In addition, I think that we are working in lupus. So that's a specialized immunology field. And we may consider other indications, we may consider other potential opportunities in the space. So that's one way in which we would diversify and rebalance our risk. Because as you know, the probability of technical and regulatory success changes as you move out of neuroscience. But given our core expertise of neuroscience and all the learnings we've had, we believe we have a lot of asymmetrical knowledge in the space. And in that space, we are continuing to enhance our probability of success, maximize it, in fact, by building on our strengths in biomarkers, clinical development, functional genomics, human validation. So we believe that these are the methodologies, which will help us sort of increase our probability of success and give us the ability to deliver on proof of concepts. So it's a two-pronged strategy. And add to that our four pillars, which you already know about, biosimilars and digital health. We're also looking at integration, right, with digital options. So this really goes beyond a very narrow focus. It looks at the portfolio in totality and the value that the portfolio brings in totality. And it's -- we have the expertise in terms of modalities. We have all modalities available to us. So we're looking at targets, and we're looking at the best modality. We're not looking at modalities and how do we kind of exploit those. We're looking at it in the reverse way. We're looking at disease target and then what's the best modality to go forward with. I hope that gives you a bit of a glimpse of how we're approaching this. Thank you.  Can I just address the last part? I meant to add that you asked about how we would do this in a Board setting, in a management setting. I want to say that I have a lot of authority currently, and I am making decisions on prioritization. So that, I hope, will go forward.
Priya Singhal: Thank you. So I'll just step back, Brian, and say that accelerated approval pathway is a very, very highly rigorous and scientific regulatory pathway. It's existed for several years now. And several products have come through the pathway and many patients around the United States have benefited from this access. So I know that there's a lot of dialogue, and I'm reading the same as you are. But I don't believe that at any point right now, there is going to be a potential major shift.  There could be enhancements, there could be sort of refinements. I'm sure that could happen to any regulatory pathway as more learnings are obtained. But I don't believe that our confidence has been shaken in the accelerated approval pathway. It remains a critical way in which you can bring products to patients who really need them today. So that's number one. Number two, I'll say that with CLARITY AD, the strategy has been -- and I think this has been publicly communicated by Eisai and us, so I'm just quoting that, that they have filed -- they've initiated the filing based on the Phase II study, as you know. And that is via the Accelerated Approval Pathway. There is agreement from the FDA. And Eisai have commented on this publicly as well, that CLARITY AD could serve as a confirmatory study.  Now to your question that what if the CLARITY AD is unclear or ambiguous, could they still get approval, could we still get approval? I think that would be very speculative for me to comment on. What I think would be a reasonable way forward, depending on the data, would be to have that discussion with the FDA. Because the science here is complex, as we've seen. And I think the most important thing is to continue to evaluate the science and the data as it emerges and assess what is the strength of evidence. And I think that is really what is going to make the difference in this case. Thank you.
Priya Singhal: Thank you. I think that, first of all, we remain committed to Alzheimer's disease. And lecanemab is -- we are very privileged and honored to have 2 Abeta removal agents. Aducanumab, we still continue to invest in EMBARK and ENVISION. We think that these will have potentially very critical scientific data that can impact not only the product but also the field. So that remains very important. We continue to invest in early Alzheimer's disease programs. As I mentioned, we have a BIIB080, which is our anti-tau ASO, and then we have BIB113, which is an OGA inhibitor. Very different sort of approaches to tau pathology. So this remains very important. We have other assets which have yet unnamed pathways and targets, which I can't speak about, but there are many, many others as well. So we remain committed to Alzheimer's disease. We are definitely taking all our learnings from the scientific approach, but also on how we would approach clinical development. So we are continuing to strengthen our clinical development expertise in the area. Would we be open to other assets? Yes, we continue to look and scour the external opportunities. At any given time, we are looking at many assets. And again, as I've said, the science will drive the way. The science and the value will continue to drive the way. So that's -- I would say, yes, we are absolutely interested and we continue to remain highly, highly committed to Alzheimer's disease. Thank you.
Priya Singhal: Thank you. So first of all, CLARITY AD, we haven't spoken externally about the powering of the study, but Eisai has commented on it. In the Phase II study, we had several arms and the outcome was empowered for CDR Sum of Boxes. That is actually very different. Phase II has informed how Phase III has been designed and it is powered to detect a statistically significant difference on CDR Sum of Boxes. So that's one aspect I wanted to cover. The second is that CDR sum of boxes, we believe, is the right primary endpoint for this patient population and for the MCI in early Alzheimer's disease.  This has cognitive and functional elements. We believe that it is the most relevant primary endpoint. And we feel that we are fairly confident in the design of the study to kind of give us the outcome. Now what kind of p-value is very hard, I would be speculating, so I won't speculate here. But we feel that the study is designed appropriately and that the results would be important to review.  I think in terms of clinical meaningfulness, we have done a lot of work ourselves. There's a lot of external dialogue. And we do believe that, honestly, the EMERGE data that we had with the 22% difference is highly clinically relevant and clinically meaningful to KMEs and to patients. So we've done a lot of work around this. And I'm sure you've seen that in the public domain. Beyond that, I don't think I can comment on it. Thank you.
