Christopher Viehbacher: Thank you, Mike. So we're already into 2024 in our AOP planning. And as we look to next year, we actually we have a number of milestones, which is nice to see. As I mentioned earlier, we have an EMA decision on LEQEMBI in the EU and in China. We'll have a decision on SKYCLARYS in the EU and QALSODY in the EU, all in the first half of next year. We intend to have two more important regulatory submissions, one for the subcu formulation and also for the IV maintenance dosings, both for LEQEMBI.  And then finally, we're actually starting to see some development readouts in the pipeline. We expect the dapirolizumab Phase 3 in SLE in the new year. We have our ASO for sporadic ALS, reading out on a Phase 1/2. A Phase 1 in Angelman syndrome. And of course with Sage, the SAGE-324 program in essential tremor. So I think we'll have a number of interesting news points for next year.  And with that, Chuck, I think we can turn it over for questions. 
Christopher Viehbacher: Actually, when you look at SPINRAZA, SPINRAZA is a good analog. One of the nice things about the rare disease space is that we tend not to be so US centric. So when you look at SPINRAZA sales, it's broadly, not quite, but it's roughly a third, a third, a third between the US, EU and then the international area. And we expect the same really for SKYCLARYS. So we do expect significant value to come out of both EU, but also in Latin America, perhaps some in the Middle East, Turkey, obviously, for genetic reasons. There is none in the Asia region. But we do know that there are quite a few patients, for instance, in Brazil and in Argentina. So we are accelerating our efforts to file for approval in Latin America.  On the EU, you never want to try to predict entirely the regulators. We have to respect their decision – ability to make a decision till the end. But everything we've seen so far doesn't really change anything in our view of the probability of this being approved in the in the EU. And that represented, as you may remember, at the time of the transaction, we estimate about a third of the value of the transaction.  And then the pediatric study, we are in discussion with regulators. That will be actually quite important because there are a number of patients who start to become diagnosed as early as five or six years old, but certainly in that 8 to 10 year old timeframe. So it's quite important that we get the pediatric study underway. 
Christopher Viehbacher: More broadly, I would say – I've heard many neurologists say we used to think of Alzheimer's disease as a four to eight year disease, largely beginning with the onset of symptoms. With what we know now, a lot of them are saying we're thinking about this in 25 year terms. We know that patients start to accumulate plaques long before they have symptoms.  And as Priya just said that even after you remove the plaques, there seems to be some benefit in continuing therapy. And as we think about that commercially, first, we have this AHEAD study that has launched looking at pre-symptomatic patients. It also raises the importance of blood based biomarkers because that's the only way we're going to be able to detect and diagnose, or at least triage patients initially at an earlier stage.  And of course, that's where the subcu formulation also becomes important. Because if we are thinking of people staying on drug for longer, and I'm certainly not suggesting 25 years, but this could be a much longer period, certainly than the 18 months, and therefore the convenience of a subcu formulation is even more important.  So we are learning every day. I think we saw that at CTAD. We understand increasingly the importance of early treatment. We're seeing the importance of staying or the benefit of potentially staying on treatment. And so, that has all kinds of commercial implications and how we do more studies and develop different formulations. And it's actually quite exciting. 
Christopher Viehbacher: Terence, I don't have any real update on the MACs. There's, I think, what, a dozen of them and they're at various stages. I think by the time that's more – that most of them have got there, I think there's an assumption that that takes anywhere from 60 to 90 days to get through. So towards the end of the year. On coverage, it's one of the most interesting things is really just the diversity of situations that we see. I talked to some physicians in some major medical centers. They've got the protocol, they've got the treatments, they're putting patients through on a regular basis. But I've been talking to some major medical centers. You might think they've got this all handled, and they're still thinking about these protocols. And it's protocols around what's the right profile of the patient to put in this. There is a teamwork approach on this. And so, people have to connect on that. For some of the IDMs, they have all of the elements, but they have to connect internally with their MRI centers with the infusion centers.  So it's a little hard to give you a broad brush. I would say, every day, we are finding more and more patients, obviously, getting through the course. We are looking upstream at a number of indicators because really revenue is a lagging indicator between – even when we start looking at registry results, it's somewhere between four to six weeks before we actually see those patients going on drug. But some of those timelines are changing constantly. So it's a pretty moving process here. It's just – every day changes.  That's where, at some point, we get enough momentum, we get enough of these barriers cleared. One of the biggest is still the getting an appointment with a neurologist. And that's where I think we're looking at what can we do with blood based biomarkers, which are now available not obviously to replace PET scans or MRIs, but can we use them to triage patients, so that those who actually get into a neurology clinic are the ones who are already eligible.  So there's an awful lot of thinking right on the fly as we learn from this experience. Again, this is really one where there's – there aren't really great analogs. I know some people try to suggest the CAR T approach. And while that is also a product in a process, the volumes – the scale of this is much different. And we're not obviously anywhere near as complex as a CAR T approach.  So for us, there's not really any analogues we can do. And so, we're learning on the fly as we go along. But like I say, every day brings progress. And all of the indicators are in green so far, and it is really just getting enough critical mass now of all the centers who've got these care networks and care pathways in place.
Christopher Viehbacher: The situation is a little heterogeneous. It's not quite the same situation in every center. But I would say, based on what we know today, I do think there's clearly, at the moment, the need to get an appointment with a neurologist. The reality is that there weren't that many patients already in neurology practices. They tend to be in PCP practices. And the neurology practices – neurologists were already busy. And we have quite a volume of patients now to put through those neurology practices and a lot of them are realizing, I may be have to staff up on here. Do I have enough business to justify staffing up and not necessarily with neurologists, but perhaps with nurse practitioners, others who can take on some of the parts of the care pathway. For some of them, it's going through their internal governance process and determining which patients, I think, appropriately at this stage.  There's clearly an awful lot of caution around ARIA. My personal belief is that, over time, neurologists will become more accustomed to understanding ARIA. Is there a difference between the asymptomatic and the symptomatic? And they'll have a lot more experience but they're looking at making sure that the patients who go through are trying to get to have the least risk of ARIA.  I don't think the infusion center capacity seems to be a big issue for most centers. PET scans, there are enough PET scans as far as we can tell. It's really been around how do I get reimbursement for it? Is it just one? And it was more the confusion around – so I think the clarity of that will just take one of the factors of discussion and time out of the process.  There is just at each stage – if you send someone out for the PET scan, the scan has got to come back, it's been interpreted by a PET scan reader there, but sometimes a physician will want to have someone in that practice read that. And it's just connecting – sending the patient to all these different points, even if you're an integrated delivery network.  So I don't think it's necessarily any one thing, although I would say, if we can do a better job of getting patients triaged even before they can get to the neurologist, that could certainly be helpful.  But I think it really is – this is changing, the practice paradigm for a lot of clinics. And they're all having to work through it. And these, of course, are super busy people. They've got other needs. And so trying to fit in the time to actually manage all this is actually a challenge.  So I think it's completely natural and expected that this is progressing slowly. But again, you see some who are racing ahead. And that certainly gives me the confidence that others are going to figure this out, too.
Priya Singhal: With regards to maintenance, what I can tell you is that Eisai has communicated that – as you know, we're getting it every four weeks. This is with the intravenous infusion. And this data is expected to be filed by Q1 2024. I won't be able to comment on what it would lead to in terms of indication and such. But we are preparing the data for a potential filing.
Priya Singhal: We are encouraged with the subcutaneous interim data that we shared and Eisai shared at CTAD. Just stepping back, the subcutaneous study was a sub study in the open label extension for CLARITY AD. The patient population that was treatment naïve and where we were really assessing the PK/PD, which was the PK parameters, as well as the PD outcome of amyloid plaque reduction, was a subset of 72 patients. And in addition, the study was set up to gather safety and tolerability in an additional 324 subjects. So the total study population was 394.  And what we shared was that we believe that the subcutaneous formulation showed comparability and bioequivalence with the intravenous formulation, and it was between the confidence intervals of 80% and 125% of exposure.  What we also noted was that the overall area under the curve was about 11% higher with subcutaneous. And we also noted that there was a 14% increased plaque reduction at the six-month time point. So these are kind of the observations that we have from the data. We have had prior regulatory discussions. And we're now embarking upon additional meetings with the FDA to share the data with them and discuss next steps.  So at this point, that's where we are. The plan is, as communicated by Eisai, to file for a BLA by Q1 2024. And that's really the update.  Eisai has also commented potentially on a maintenance subcutaneous formulation and filing, but that is much later in the 2025 timeframe. So that's where we are right now. 
Priya Singhal: Just stepping back, as we think about the Alzheimer's disease progression, we know that patients actually have plaque reduction. But we have data from several sources now, LEQEMBI, ADUHELM and others that show that while plaque reaccumulates slowly at a rate of about 3% to 4% based on current understanding annually, the biomarkers actually reflecting disease progression continue to accumulate as soon as patients are off drug, at least with LEQEMBI and ADUHELM. And this is based on the Aβ 42 to 40 ratio, but also other pathological biomarkers.  We've also shown most recently at CTAD that actually continuing patients on the 24 month – and we showed data on that, which I also shared in my prepared remarks, we saw that while patients who were on placebo during CLARITY AD study at 18 months and then transitioned onto drug in the open label extension, they never really caught up with the what we call the early start cohort. However, they maintained their difference with the early start, which we believe is a disease modifying effect.  And then finally, when we superimpose that with the ADNI data and the natural history data, we see that the patients who even start at 18 months actually maintain some level of stabilization on drugs.  So all these areas of evidence point us to the fact that really continuing drugs at this point [Technical Difficulty] is going to be important. You're absolutely right that I think we are still evaluating what is the right frequency and for how long. And that is what the maintenance sub study, which is part of the Phase 2 open label extension is evaluating. And that's the data that we are gathering. But we believe that drug will need to be continued for a certain period of time, and patients will need to be monitored.
Priya Singhal: First of all, I think on the maintenance subcu, that is really a much later potential evaluation and filing. So I won't be able to comment further on that, specifically with regards to dose because we first need to evaluate IV maintenance and that is really the next milestone that's on the docket here.  And then going back to your other question of what is the purpose of the FDA regulatory meeting, so maybe just stepping back, Eisai has had a number of meetings with FDA prior to the launch of the subcutaneous open label extension sub study that I spoke about and from CLARITY AD.  And so, what we do know is that we do need to show bioequivalence on both PK and then we need to show comparability on plaque reduction. And based on the six month data that we just shared, and Eisai spoke to at CTAD, we believe we have achieved that. And so that's the first part.  The second part is with that – because we have an 11% increase with overall AUC, area under the curve, exposure and 14% increased plaque removal, at the six month time point, does that result in a different dose? I think that that is really a matter of discussion, and we would have to discuss that with the FDA. So can't really comment more on that. But most importantly, I think the goal here was to show bioequivalence, which we believe we have achieved.
Priya Singhal: What I can tell you is that it's a very important part – the AHEAD 3-45 study is a very important part of the overall development plan for LEQEMBI as an anti-amyloid agent. And the reason for that, I think Chris mentioned it as well just a few minutes ago, that we know that plaque builds up – amyloid plaque builds up for many years. And then there's sort of a shift where tau tangles start appearing. And then you have the appearance of symptoms.  So, over the last several years, there's been a lot of work on clinical staging and such. And we know that the anti-amyloid agents that are currently like – just like LEQEMBI, which is really the only one with traditional approval, is targeting mild cognitive impairment – patients with mild cognitive impairment as well as mild dementia. But these patients already have symptoms and potentially a burden of doubt.  The purpose of AHEAD 3-45 is to look at different levels of amyloid plaque in patients who do not have symptoms, and see whether the addition of an anti-amyloid agent like LEQEMBI can alter the costs of disease. So that's really the overarching aim of a study like AHEAD 3-45. It's a very large study. As you can imagine, it's hard to find the patients. But we are very pleased with the progress that the study is making.  And as Eisai commented very recently, there is the potential to do an interim analysis and think about whether other regulatory pathways are open with interim data. But we haven't really commented beyond that. These remain possibilities, but I think it will depend on how well we do with the recruitment and what the goals of eventual patient access are. 
Priya Singhal: Overall, just stepping back during diligence, we reviewed regulatory correspondence. And we had a certain level of understanding of the topics. And subsequent to closing the deal, we have had more regulatory interactions, and nothing has changed our view, as Chris mentioned. We'd still expect to see an outcome in early 2024. So that remains on track.  With regard to whether or not there will be an oral explanation, that is really something we don't comment on because it's under review. And that's part of the review details. So I hope that helps.
