George A. Scangos: Okay. Thanks, Claudine. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us today. 2013 was a very good year for Biogen Idec and for the patients we serve. We continue to grow our base businesses, our current MS and anti-CD20 franchises, we successfully launched TECFIDERA, our most recent MS therapy, we announced marketing applications for 3 potential new products, PLEGRIDY for MS and ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE for hemophilia and finally, we advanced a promising pipeline of potential new medicines. And the solid operational progress was coupled with strong financial results. Revenue for 2013 was $6.9 billion, an increase of 26% from 2012, and non-GAAP earnings were $8.96 per share, an increase of 37% from 2012. With TECFIDERA, we strengthened our positions in the MS market, and we believe that we now have leading therapies in the oral high-efficacy and injectable segments of the market. We believe that having this suite of therapies positions us well to address the diverse needs of MS patients. The launch of TECFIDERA in the U.S. was a milestone event for us. We believe that TECFIDERA's broad and rapid uptake is a testament to its clinical profile, as well as excellent execution by our organization. We're very pleased that the launch of TECFIDERA now ranks among the best in the biopharmaceutical industry. AVONEX and TYSABRI continue to provide a solid business foundation. AVONEX remains a multibillion drug 17 years after launch, and physicians, as well as patients, continue to look to AVONEX as a first-line MS therapy of choice. We believe that TYSABRI is a powerful MS treatment and remains a therapy of choice for patients needing high efficacy. During the year, we completed an important transaction by acquiring complete ownership of TYSABRI, which strengthened our leadership in MS. This asset acquisition represents a prudent use of cash, and provides us with a larger portion of TYSABRI's financial benefits. In addition, we believe that consolidating TYSABRI ownership provides us with greater flexibility and control over the positioning of our MS products to enable us to effectively compete in this market. It has also been an eventful year for our anti-CD20 franchise. RITUXAN is the standard of care for NHL and CLL, and for years, it has been an important asset for Biogen Idec. In the fourth quarter, the FDA approved GAZYVA, the first drug approved under the breakthrough therapy designation for previously untreated chronic lymphocytic leukemia. We believe that GAZYVA strengthens our anti-CD20 franchise, and will enhance longevity of what already has been an incredibly impactful collaboration. Biogen Idec is a patient-focused organization. This focus drives how we think on all levels, not only for our marketed products, but also for our pipeline where we're committed to develop new medicines for serious diseases with limited treatment options. In 2013, we advanced many of our pipeline candidates toward important data readouts anticipated this year. We also took steps to strengthen our drug discovery platform. We've hired some leading scientists, including Dr. Spyros Artavanis, our Chief Financial Officer -- sorry, Chief Scientific Officer. We've also advanced our strategy to utilize academic consortia to foster collaboration and leverage the incredible science being carried out around the world. In addition, we completed a number of transactions to enhance our pipeline, including agreements with Adimab, Amicus therapeutics, Isis Pharmaceuticals and Galapagos. More recently, we announced the collaboration with Sangamo BioSciences on an innovative gene editing technology, with the potential to treat sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia. Additionally, in the fourth quarter, we expanded our agreement with Samsung Bioepis, our joint venture with Samsung to develop and market biosimilar therapeutics. We believe that this partnership leverages our manufacturing capabilities and positions us to compete effectively in biosimilar therapeutics, while maintaining our focus on our innovative pipeline. So in summary, 2013 was a very good year for Biogen Idec, with a lot of significant achievements. And I'll now turn the call over to Tony.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thanks, Paul. So in 2013, the company has strong financial results, coupled with excellent operational progress, which position us well for the future. And as I think about 2014, we appear to be at an inflection point, going from 2 major marketed products in 2012 to 3 in 2013, and now to potentially up to 6. This type of growth will be a challenge for most organizations, and we're no different. It's essential that we successfully complete the registration processes and effectively launch each of our products, while we continue to focus on the needs of tomorrow. So with many accomplishments behind us, and with patients as a focal point of our work, we'll continue to focus on execution. As leaders in MS, we're committed to identify and develop medicines for the great unmet needs that still remain. Today's treatments help slow the progression rate, but for approximately 1/4 of patients, secondary-progressive MS remains an issue, with no approved medicines on the market. We're committed to advance TYSABRI and SPMS to potentially offer a new option for this important group of patients. We're also developing anti-LINGO, with a hope to halt or reverse MS damage. If anti-LINGO does work, it will represent the first therapy to actually repair CNS pathology, which potentially opens up a new way of understanding how to deal with diseases of the brain. The potential approval and upcoming launches of ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE for hemophilia patients will mark an important new chapter for Biogen Idec. ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE represent true innovation for patients and a significant long-term opportunity for the company. Hemophilia is an area where there's been minimal innovation for many years. This gives us an opportunity to change the prophylactic treatment paradigm from short-acting to long-lasting therapies. We believe that this may lead to a lower burden of disease, improve compliance and better outcomes. Finally, we need to ensure that we continue to drive innovation by bringing the best science to the company. Our R&D strategy concentrates on neurology, immunology, non-malignant hematology in adjacent diseases, where patients have poor therapeutic options today. We prioritize indications in which we have a good understanding of disease etiology, and make prudent decisions in advancing compounds in the clinic. We also need to continue to seek business development opportunities that will strengthen our research capacities and complement our novel pipeline. In closing, as always, I'd like to thank our employees for their continued hard work and dedication. I'm very proud of the many accomplishments that we achieved together last year. As an organization, we've advanced the business to make a meaningful difference in patients' lives. So thanks to all of you for joining us this morning, and we'll now open up the call for questions.
George A. Scangos: Ravi, good catch actually. For the past 2 years, we've done a number of business development transactions, but we had no earmarked business development budget. And we were able to fund those out of the R&D budget or other ways we have managed to find the money to do that. This year, we've earmarked $200 million for business development activities. And I think that reflects our belief that these are very important to the future of our company. We've improved the science in the company. I think we've improved the throughput of our internal R&D group, but that won't supply all of the compounds that we need to go forward. So part of that $200 million will go to bolster our pipeline, and we're looking primarily for Phase I, Phase II compounds, maybe late preclinical. Part of it will go to increase our technology platform. I mean last year, we did deals with Adimab, and one of the deals we did with Isis really were to give us a better platform to increase the quality and the speed of our internal R&D, and we'll continue to do some deals in that nature as well. So I think we'll look for both pipeline additions in the 3 areas that I mentioned, as well as technologies that increase the efficiency of our own R&D.
George A. Scangos: Yes, well, somewhere in that range is the honest answer to that question. We don't target a particular percentage of revenues to R&D. Look, I think most important thing for me, Eric, in our R&D budget is that we don't waste money. That we don't spend money on projects that are just dragging on and haven't met their goals, that are not well thought through, and they're not critically executed and are not competitive. And so when I first came and when Doug came, we eliminated a lot of projects that we thought met those criteria. And so we are going forward now with a pipeline where we believe meets the criteria that we have there, well thought-out, there's good basis for taking them forward. It doesn't mean they're all going to work, of course, but they're all good bets. And so that's the way we think about R&D. As we -- our revenues are -- we anticipate that they will grow. And the percentage we spend on R&D next year may not be the same as we spend the year after as our revenues continue to grow, R&D may not increase at the same rate. So it may come down over time, but we believe we have to make some investments now and -- to generate the pipeline and the value that will continue to give us growth a few years out. And we are very cognizant of not wasting that money. I think we are very critical of how we spend that money.
George A. Scangos: I think you had one other question about the possibility of seeing a real treatment effect in the relapsing-remitting study. That's ongoing, the second of our Phase II studies. And that's a very robust study in the sense that it's 4 different doses of anti-LINGO versus placebo. We're looking at a broad array of potential endpoints, some of which we hope would represent the primary endpoint for a Phase III study. But candidly, as Al said, this is new territory. So we're learning which of these endpoints is going to actually be the most sensitive measure of a remyelinating event, and then carrying that forward into the design of the Phase III study. So it's very innovative, very broad clinical program, but it is also a very proper, straightforward Phase IIb dose-ranging study that's very robustly designed to look at a variety of potential treatment effects.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thanks, everybody. We'll get back to work on the pipeline, that's clearly where the interest is. Thanks for your attendance this morning. Appreciate it. Bye.
Stuart A. Kingsley: Thanks, George. In 2013, we grew our global MS market share, executed our franchise strategy across our 3 core MS products. In the fourth quarter, TECFIDERA's U.S. launch continued to enjoy broad adoption and rapid uptake. According to our data, through December, over 6,000 physicians, representing approximately 85% of total MS prescription volume, have prescribed TECFIDERA. Additionally, our data show that over 30% of new TECFIDERA patients in Q4 were not on prior therapies, an increase from prior quarters. We believe both these figures reflect physician and patient confidence in TECFIDERA's clinical profile and real world experience. We've also continued to improve patient access to TECFIDERA. As of January, almost all insurance plans in the U.S. provide coverage for TECFIDERA, with approximately 75% of patients having access without requiring a step edit. Nine months into launch, we believe TECFIDERA is in a very good position, but we understand that sustained effort is required to extend this initial success in the U.S. In the EU, we received a positive opinion on new active substance designation from the CHMP in November. TECFIDERA was then referred to the European Commission, which grants marketing authorization for medicines in the European Union. If approved, it's our intent to quickly launch in Germany, followed by staggered launches in other EU countries over the next 6 to 18 months, coincident with obtaining product reimbursement. Outside of Europe, reimbursement of TECFIDERA in Australia was approved in December. And we expect public reimbursement approval in Canada in the first half of this year. AVONEX performed well in 2013, gaining share globally within the injectable segment. In the U.S., where TECFIDERA caused a significant contraction in the injectable segment of the market, AVONEX continue to hold up well. The injectable segment of the market represented approximately $11 billion of global revenue in 2013. And while we expect this segment will decline over time, we believe it remains a significant opportunity in the medium term. We also believe convenience continues to be a key differentiator for the injectable segment, and that we are well-positioned with AVONEX PEN and potentially PLEGRIDY, should it be approved. Moving on to TYSABRI. In the U.S., new prescription volume remained solid, and TYSABRI discontinuation rates continued to improve in Q4. We're encouraged with TYSABRI's recent improvement in the U.S. In Europe, we continue to see pressure from oral competition. We remain focused on emphasizing TYSABRI's efficacy messaging, while continuing to provide the market with additional education on risk stratification. We believe this builds confidence in earlier treatment of patients with aggressive disease. We also continue to feel that the MS market will migrate to increase efficacy over time, and that TYSABRI will benefit from this trend. We need to continue to execute well to ensure broad understanding of TYSABRI's profile. Turning to hemophilia. We are continuing to prepare for our expected 2014 U.S. launches of ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE. We believe, over time, that these products have the potential to transform hemophilia care by reducing infusion frequency, the largest unmet need in this market. Hemophilia is a new market for us, and one with well-established competitors. It is also historically a slow moving market, with physicians and patients who are reluctant to switch therapies without real world experience. And logistical hurdles such as infrequent physician visits that extend the time line for starting a new therapy. So driving adoption will require hard work, but we believe in the product profiles and our ability to execute. I'll now turn the call over to Doug to discuss R&D.
Stuart A. Kingsley: So 3x a week cop in the plan expected. Look, I think 2 things happen. The first is, it will create competitiveness noise in the marketplace, which we are prepared to deal with. The second thing is, it's going to put something like 85,000 patients in play for switch. We think we have good alternatives for those patients, so we're going to have a strong presence in offices competing for that. Generic cop, also in the plan, also expected. First-order impact we think will be on branded Copaxone itself. Second-order impact is it will add to the toolkit that the payers have to put some pressure on the credit category. We have said that there's more pressure on gross than net. That's a little bit -- that has been a piece of that story that we've been telling in the guidance we've been giving on that.
Stuart A. Kingsley: Yes, Yaron, it's Tony. On the 30% new to therapy, frankly, difficult to break that down to measure what the mix of genuinely naïve versus potentially returning quitters. There are constantly some returning quitters into the market and some people that go out of the market, so it is a portion that's difficult to break down. I think what we've said launched data prior quarters that we thought that number was around 25%. So it's actually up a little bit in the recent quarter. Not clear that, that should go down. We think it's an encouraging statement. It's an encouraging statement about the market acceptance of the product, that it's becoming a -- it's capturing a meaningful share of new patient starts that speaks to the confidence the market has in the product profile.
Stuart A. Kingsley: Rachel, it's Tony. On discontinuation rates, look, we don't think it's settled out yet because we're still in a pretty dynamic portion of the trajectory. But we said it appears that TECFIDERA is headed what is sort of a normal discontinuation rate for therapy to the market. No evidence that suggests it's going to be dramatically better, no evidence that suggests it's going to be dramatically worse. For existing products, including the orals, we think those numbers tend to run in the low 20% -- low-20% range.
Stuart A. Kingsley: Yes. So good question. Not dramatic differences I don't think in German market. Among European markets, like the U.S., it does tend to have a pretty broad sort of more community based set of positions as opposed to being just center-based. We'll put promotional effort against it that makes sense for that kind of market. So hard to articulate the big differences from sort of market and patient characteristic standpoint. In terms of TYSABRI switches, we did see, as we said, a bolus of switches at around the launch of TECFIDERA in the months following that. And then the majority of those were going to TECFIDERA. The discontinuation rate on TYSABRI in the U.S. has moderated since that time. We are still seeing a meaningful portion of those go to TECFIDERA. So we're keeping them within the franchise, which is, obviously, net positive.
Douglas Edward Williams: Mark, this is Doug. You have both Al and me here on the call. So we'll tag team the answer. Let me address the one that you just came back to; which is, does the drug actually cross the blood-brain barrier? And the answer to that is, yes. We know that from the Phase I study, both the SAD and MAD study, we actually looked at CSF levels of the antibody in patients who received the anti-LINGO antibody. And what we found was detectable levels of the antibody that roughly matched the levels that we knew were efficacious in the mouse models of remyelination. That was a key observation in those studies. We wanted to make sure that across the dose range we were testing in both single-dose and multiple-dose format, that we could, in fact, get to a level of drug in the CSF that was consistent with efficacious doses in the animal models. So we can check that box off. Your question about optic neuritis and why did we only choose one dose, we choice the highest dose. Remember that we're viewing this is as a proof of biology study. So we wanted to run a placebo-controlled study looking at the highest dose of drug versus placebo, and really simply asking the question of whether or not we could facilitate remyelination and thereby measure that quantitatively with the endpoints in the study. And I'll let Al talk to you a little about some of the sort of basic biology observations that had driven our enthusiasm for the program from the beginning.
Douglas Edward Williams: And Jeff, this is Doug. As far as other shots on goal, as you described it, obviously, the anti-LINGO program is also geared towards the possibility of working in secondary progressive, but primary progressive as well. There's a possibility for that drug across the spectrum of MS subtypes. There's also some discussion about the possibility of taking TECFIDERA in that direction. You could, again, based on what Al described about the possibility of there being an immune component, that is involved in some patients with SPMS. Obviously, there's a mechanism that makes sense there with TECFIDERA in terms of down-modulating immune responses. But also the possibility of improving neuronal protection with the antioxidant effects of that molecule. So that's a sensible thing for us to consider. Stay tuned for more information on that as we consider that one. And then from the standpoint of where are we focusing our basic science resources and our neurology discovery program, it's primary and secondary progressive disease. I mean, that's really the focus for new target discovery and validation, really to try to understand the pathways that are involved better. That's where the real opportunity and need is from our perspective over the long term, and we're really focusing the basic science, resources in our neurology discovery group in that direction.
Douglas Edward Williams: And Rachel, this is Doug. With respect to a positive readout from the optic neuritis study and the impact that could have on the time line for the relapsing-remitting study, essentially, there's a lot of study start-up activities, there's a lot of planning activities that go on with respect to designing the protocol. A lot of that can get front-loaded, and we would likely spend some additional money at risk based on a positive outcome from the optic neuritis study, anticipating a positive outcome in the relapsing-remitting study. So yes, it's hard to give you specifics on exactly what those steps would be, but there's a lot of legwork that goes into planning for a study, which we could move up and likely would if we had a robust readout in the optic neuritis study.
Douglas Edward Williams: Okay. I'll try to get all of those, if I can. This is Doug. So with respect to the endpoint of the Phase IIa study data that will readout this year, it is really a biomarker driven study, and it's based off of some nonhuman primate work that was done with a molecule to allow us to look directly at the TGF-beta signaling pathway. Remember that that's how this drug works. It basically blocks an activator of the TGF-beta pathway that's specifically up-regulated in tissues undergoing fibrosis like the lung in IPF patients. So we're administering increasing doses of the antibody, 8 weekly doses. And then we'll be harvesting bronchoalveolar lavage cells directly from the lung from these patients, and assessing the TGF-beta signaling pathway, looking at the immediate downstream signaling event when TGF-beta binds to its receptor. That's the [indiscernible] endpoint. That's a very quantitative way of looking at that signaling pathway. There's also a collection of genes that are up-regulated, again, downstream of TGF-beta binding to its receptor, and we validated those endpoints in the primate preclinical studies. And so what we're looking for in this study is -- and in addition to the TGF-beta signaling pathway, in a dose-dependent fashion, taking cells directly from patients with IPF, directly from the tissue of interest. We think that, that will give us really good insights into the appropriate dose to take forward into the next clinical study, which we haven't yet defined whether that will be a Phase III study or whether that would be a Phase II, III type study. Again, we're still working through that. But with respect to -- right to Phase III, it's really going to be a function of how robust that data is. As far as strategic, we have identified fibrosis as one of the areas of expansion for the organization. It's sort of a logical extension beyond the chronic inflammation space that we're already in with some of our programs. And fibrosis is the consequence of long-standing inflammation in many different diseases. So we see it as a natural adjacency to the immunology portfolio. And it's a specialty market, which fits very well with the type of drug candidates that we're going to be developing in the various markets that we're in. So we see it as really a perfect fit with the expansion plans for the organization in terms of our R&D portfolio and eventually our sales programs.
Alfred W. Sandrock: So in terms of the preclinical experiment, there were 2 types, the in vitro experiments and the animal experiments. And let me just briefly say that in vitro, what we did was we added anti-LINGO or we decreased LINGO expression by other methods and we can get oligodendrocyte precursor cells to differentiate much better when you have less LINGO present. And when you throw in neurons into the same cultures, you do co-cultures, we actually see myelin formation, and many of our colleagues externally have been doing that -- that type of experiment for years, had never seen myelin quite as well formed in vitro before blocking LINGO. In the animal experiment, there were sort of 2 types there. One is the knockout experiments and the overexpression experiment. And if you knockout LINGO from a mouse, you see early myelination in the spinal cord, which is functional so that it improves nerve conduction in the spinal cord when -- in the LINGO knockout animals where you have early myelination. In the other animal studies, what we did was induced demyelination by several methods. One, by using a detergent, focally, injected focally or by feeding the animals cuprizone, or by inducing EAE, so an autoimmune attack against myelin. And each of these 3 animal models of demyelination, we saw rapid reconstitution of myelin, and we know it was remyelination because when we did electro microscopy, we saw very thin, but the kinds of myelin that we expect to see in remyelination, so it's thinner than normal. And also, we had improvement in function in the EAE animal, so that they move better. So -- and I think as Doug pointed out, we were very careful in each of those experiment to understand the concentration of anti-LINGO that was necessary to produce these in vivo effects. And so we took that information into the human studies. Moreover, what we did was we used larger animals were we could test out some of the novel imaging methods, such as magnetization transfer ratio and diffusion sensor imaging to verify that we could actually look at remyelination using these imaging methods. And we're applying those same methods that we used in the animal models in the humans. So it's all novel. We're in new territory here. And as George pointed out, not everything is going to work, but we're very excited.
Alfred W. Sandrock: Well, we actually did both local and systemic. And in many of the later experiments, it was almost all systemic, so. And they were nonhuman primate models where we injected lysolecithin, but what was local was the lysolecithin injection, which was done directly into the corpus callosum which is a heavily myelinated fiber track. But we gave the anti-LINGO systemically and looked by MTR.
Alfred W. Sandrock: So SPMS, there's 2 sort of largely 2 prevailing theories. One is that, it's purely a neurodegenerative process, whether it's a primary process or whether it's secondary to demyelination people argue about that. The other theory, though, is that there's ongoing inflammation, but it's a different type of inflammation. It's inflammation that is sort of behind blood-brain barrier that there are these germinal -- ectopic germinal centers that form the lymphoid follicles that form in the sub-meningeal space. These have been associated with cortical areas of cortical demyelination. And so -- whereas the inflammation that's due to peripheral white blood cells entering the brain may be less, there is this lymphoid follicle idea. Now the thing about TYSABRI is that it disrupts the formation of these lymphoid follicles, and we think that, not only from the animal experiments, but in humans, we see a decrease in the chemokine signature that's been associated with the lymphoid follicles. And so that's why from a biological point of view, we think that TYSABRI, SPMS has a decent chance. Now the other reason why we're optimistic cautiously is that we're using a more sensitive endpoint in the clinic to get as a composite measure of disability progression. And we've gotten agreement with FDA under SPA and also we've gotten good agreement with European regulators on the use of this model endpoint. So for both of those reasons, we're cautiously optimistic about TYSABRI, SPMS.
Alfred W. Sandrock: Yes. I mean, in the infantile study, we're looking at things like weight gain. Are the kids -- are the babies gaining weight on a trajectory. Normally, they start to lose weight because they get muscle atrophy. But the main thing is to look at survival and ventilator dependence. Those are the 2 key events that we're looking at.
Alfred W. Sandrock: Well, yes, we can look at old and new lesions in the relapsing-remitting study. We anticipate that the patients who come into that study will have lesions that have been there potentially for years. And they recognize that it's T2-hyperintense lesions. And so we often talk about burden of disease, and we look at T2-hyperintense lesions. So we can look at those lesions that are no longer enhancing. They're so old that there's no inflammation or blood-brain barrier breakdown, and yet we can see -- look into those lesions and see whether they change their imaging characteristics that would be consistent with remyelination. I think if that were to occur, if old lesions start to remyelinate, then you can treat people who are in the late stages of SPMS even when they have no new lesions forming, and that's what happens in SPMS, is that the number of new lesions that form start to get very, very infrequent, nevertheless they continue to progress in terms of disability. So it would indicate that you could go pretty broadly all the way from the very earliest events in MS to the late stages of secondary-progressive MS, and as Doug pointed out, potentially even primary progressive MS.
Alfred W. Sandrock: Yes. So there is some spontaneous remyelination if you will going on in MS patients. It's just incomplete. And some of the data suggests that there are groups of patient that do it better than others. Certainly, younger people do seem to remyelinate better than others, but there may be inherent differences among people in terms of their ability to remyelinate. And so we would like to boost what we think is a natural phenomenon that's not very complete, and it's certainly not in all patients. And then in terms of the growing animals. I mean, we do -- it's true and mice, they are growing, but in a non-human primates, they were older animals. And so we think that the data are still suggestive that we could have efficacy in the adult MS patients we're treating.
