Chris Viehbacher: Yeah, thank you for the question, Salveen. And our mission at Biogen remains to bring ourselves to sustainable growth on both the top line and the bottom line. Obviously, our original guidance, which implied growth of 5% on the bottom line at the midpoint and now 9% at the midpoint, shows that we've now turned the corner on the bottom line and we're very focused on our cost savings program, which importantly not only improve our operating performance, but also free up capital for growth initiatives. So that's real important. Obviously, we don't guide beyond 2024, but I would say that, when you look at our guidance this year, we're pleased with the fact that we've been able to get our top line somewhat much more stabilized and we've got the bottom line growing again as we look to next year. We're pleased with the progress of the launches. Our ability to restore the top line is going to be somewhat dependent on how those launches continue to perform along with how the MS franchise continues to sustain and be durable. And what I can say is that we're very focused on bringing the company back to growth. And we're certainly hopeful that 2023 was the trough year. And obviously, we're doing a nice job growing the bottom line in 2024 and we'll have more to say about the out-years as we move to the latter part of this year and into early next.
Chris Viehbacher: If I could just add, I think, in addition to what Priya said, we're also looking at the ability to launch products globally. And so, we also are interested in the level of evidence and regulatory endpoints as they may be acceptable to payers and regulators around the world and not just in the US.
Chris Viehbacher: And if I could just add to that, after decades of this, I tend to pay more attention to what physicians do versus what they say. And this is a very heavy lift for physicians to introduce this treatment into their practices and institutions. And when you look at the number of -- the increase of 50% of physicians writing this and the depth of ordering from the IDNs, we're seeing a lot of physicians investing huge amounts of time and energy to actually get through all of the processes, schedule the PET scans or the lumbar punctures, the MRIs. And to me, you don't do that if you don't have a strong conviction in the importance of this treatment to patients. So, personally, as I look at this, I'm extremely encouraged by where we are. I think now, for the first time since the launch, we can look forward to the growth of this market, not just because of the prescriptions, but I look at the evidence base that we are building with our partners at Eisai on LEQEMBI. It's very clear now from the three year data that it probably is not going to be enough to just remove the plaque. We'll need to continue to treat patients. And again, as I was saying earlier, with the AHEAD study, we hope to show that there is a benefit to treating earlier. So this market is going to grow and the evidence base is going to grow. It is market building that we're doing and that certainly takes time and patience. But as I say -- I've said in the past that it's difficult to predict where we're going to go. With this quarter, I think we're seeing we're on a very solid track. And I think the entry of Lilly will only accelerate the development of this marketplace.
Chris Viehbacher: Yeah, I'll take that one. I think first in terms of where we're looking, I think we're already long neuroscience. So we're probably looking outside of that space, immunology, rare diseases. As I look at Biogen, I would say we have an extremely high scientific and medical capability within the company. We have been historically a company that is in the low volume, high value area. We really understand the necessity to assist patients and physicians for some expensive products to get through a reimbursement, provide and sponsor genetic testing, for example, thinking about studies and real-world evidence becomes extremely important in this. So I think there's a capability of Biogen in rare diseases. Immunology is really an area we've been in since we started with multiple sclerosis. So I think we have the capabilities to go into those areas. I think where we are now is we're on a growth pattern. If we could find another Reata type acquisition, I think we would look for that. But those come along pretty rarely. It's rare that you can find a company that is that close to the market. In fact, it already launched by the time we actually had acquired that. But acquire that for price that still creates shareholder value. And we will continue to look, but they don't come along every day. And we're not in a position where I think we are desperate to do a deal. So we -- I think if you look at what we've done with HI-Bio, for example, as an alternative to that, being able to launch more products in the sort of 2027 to 2030 timeframe is a priority for us. And that's why we're really also focused on the mid to late stage development process. But we can be picky. I think also where we look is not necessarily where everybody else is looking. You really don't create value if you enter into these auction processes. And so, I think by being able to stick to those areas where we think this is -- this is a really -- this is a space where Biogen can really be a strong player, we'll avoid overpaying. I think the other thing I would say is, Biogen is a nice size. $1 billion moves the needle hugely in our company. There are a lot of bigger companies where $1 billion doesn't move the needle. And so, I think we can look at assets where we have the capital that might be too small for some of the bigger players, but be too expensive for some smaller players. So I think in some ways, we're in a position where we can look for assets and not necessarily be in such competitive places where, again, you risk overpaying. But we're looking. We take a systematic view. We're not going to take any sudden left turns strategically just because I'm not sure that that's really where the sweet spot is for Biogen. But I do think there's a number of opportunities out there. We also are doing a lot more in research on collaborations. And I think one of the things I'd like to see us do is really bring a lot more assets in from an early stage because the earlier you can acquire these assets, the more shareholder value you can create.
Chris Viehbacher: Well, thanks for the question. I would hope it's not the high watermark because we're aiming much higher here, I can tell you. I think, clearly, we've got still an MS franchise that is -- we're not done yet in terms of seeing the competitive threats. There's potentially a biosimilar for TYSABRI, we have an important patent litigation that we'll see in the fall for TECFIDERA in Europe and there is the market exclusivity that expires in February. So shorter term, there's always some chop in the water. But I think where we have an opportunity is, we have an amazing talent base inside of Biogen. As you all know, I've been in this business a long time, seen a lot of companies, I continue just to be impressed by the scientific and medical capability that we have in the company and we've got capital. And so, I think we can do smart things with that capital. We've been busy transforming essentially passive capital into active capital. We had two priority review vouchers sitting on the shelf. The innovative nature of Biogen's products is such that we don't really need those vouchers because of the innovative products we bring to market anyway. So we had this one priority review voucher sitting on the shelf for six years that we've now converted hopefully into an active asset. We sold it, but the objective is to spend that on milestones in business development in the second half. If I look at HI-Bio, we took a year-and-a-half of fit for growth savings out of operating expense and transformed that into a growth opportunity with the acquisition of HI-Bio. So where I see us is, I think we're -- we've been able to change the trajectory of the company. We've been able to release resources from the business and reinvest them intelligently and we've got great people that I think can do that with tremendous results. So, I think as we look towards the future, it's really building out now the R&D portfolio, both internally and externally. I'd like to make sure we are still an innovation company going forward that we're not just acquiring our future, but really investing in that. So I think I'm now focused on the 2025 to 2030 timeframe. I think we're in good shape to grow through that period, but I think we can do more to really take advantage of the capability in R&D. And I think you'll see us continue to deploy capital with a lot of discipline but I think be able to turn passive capital into active capital and then into active growth.
Priya Singhal: Thank you. This is Priya Singal. We are very disappointed, along with Eisai, at the outcome of the negative opinion for LEQEMBI. We continue to believe that the benefit/risk is positive and favorable. As you know, it's been approved in major regions of the world like the United States, China, Japan, and recently, we've also communicated approvals in Hong Kong, Israel as well as South Korea. So, yes, we have communicated publicly and I can reaffirm that we will be applying for a reexamination process. The way the reexamination process works is that you can continue to work with a newly appointed rapporteur and co-rapporteur for the process. So, right now, we would wait to receive the assessment report from the CHMP, the new rapporteur and co-rapporteur would be appointed and then we would work with them to understand what are the issues that are driving the decision. And currently, based on the opinion that was rendered, we believe these are addressable with the data that we've generated. Specifically, we have generated long-term data as we shared at AAIC and we would look to be engaging with the EMA and CHMP to see how we can submit additional data and the extensive real-world data that we have in the real world because thousands of patients now have been treated. So we have long-term continued benefit as we showed in the three month -- three year data at AAIC and also long-term safety. So we're continuing to work very closely with Eisai on the reexamination process and strategy. It is possible that a new SAG-N would be appointed and this process would generally move faster than the original application.
Priya Singhal: I think just stepping back, I want to point us to comments we've made externally before as well that we have really -- we really looked at our readouts as important inflection points which allow us to double down, accelerate in those programs if the data are objectively clear and compelling. And then the other option would be that we can pivot and pivot to other programs that we may be considering. So overall, our process is that we develop up a priority go/no-go criteria. And based on that, we decide what the probability technical and regulatory success is in a particular program. And that is exactly the approach that we applied with the Angelman Syndrome, the BIIB121 data. That is going to be continuing to be the way that we look at all our readouts and we try to be very disciplined. I think things that we find very compelling are biomarkers, established regulatory pathways, clinical tractability as well as our confidence in regulatory endpoints or on our interact -- based on interactions with regulators. So we look at all of these and that's how we think about investment in Phase 3.
Priya Singhal: Yes. So, overall, as Eisai and Biogen have communicated, we continue to -- we've already filed for the IV maintenance and we have a fast track and a rolling submission in place for the subcutaneous maintenance dosing. With the initiation of subcutaneous dosing, we are looking at optimizing the dose. We're continuing to work with FDA on this effort. And currently, we are on track, as we've communicated, to have an outcome on this from the FDA in the US by Q1, calendar year Q1 2026. Now with regards to your specific question about how this could impact the application in Europe, I just want to be really clear that the application in Europe that's currently -- we're going to pursue re-examination is dependent on the original application, which is really for intravenous LEQEMBI. We would hope that we can get that -- a favorable outcome at the end of the reexamination process. And if so, we would continue down the path of again providing options to patients as well as in Europe with subcutaneous formulation.
Priya Singhal: Yes, thank you. This is Priya Singhal. So, overall, we are excited about the readout for dapi. It is upcoming in the next several weeks. This is a partnered program with UCB and the collaboration is in very good -- in a very good place. We are expecting a headline or top line results of the first global Phase 3 trial. And specifically, I want to be clear that this study is investigating, in this very high unmet disease area, the safety and efficacy of dapi as an add-on to standard SLE therapy versus placebo as an add on to standard SLE therapy. We are conducting the study in patients who have persistent active or frequent flaring despite stable standard of care. And very similar to the Phase 1 and Phase 2, we will be looking at efficacy assessed by BILAG based Composite Lupus Assessment, or BICLA, but different than the Phase 2 study, it will take place over the 48 weeks to demonstrate the long-term effect. We also increased the sample size to provide a substantial dataset on safety and efficacy. Eventually and ultimately, we'll be looking for a meaningful change on the primary endpoint and key secondaries such as severe flare prevention, patients achieving low dose activity. And we really think that BICLA is a sensitive clinically meaningful composite for SLE disease activity that requires disease improvement across all body symptoms with moderate or severe baseline activity without the need for escalation in steroids or other background medications as well as without worsening. So we're looking forward to this. In addition to an acceptable safety and tolerability profile, we think this could be really meaningful for patients suffering from SLE. So if the results warrant continuing development, at this point, we expect to have the need to run another Phase 3, but we are planning some of this at-risk right now.
