Wendy Gabel: Thank you, Sarah, and welcome to Biogen Idec's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP results, which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of our business and reflects how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. As usual, we'll start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Words, such as believe, expect, may, plan, will and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. Actual results could differ materially from our expectations, and you should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings slides, earnings release and in the Risk Factors section of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. Today on the call, I'm joined by Dr. George Scangos, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Doug Williams, Executive Vice President of Research and Development; Tony Kingsley, Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations; and Paul Clancy, Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. I'll also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President of Development Sciences and Chief Medical Officer. Now I'll turn the call over to George.
Wendy Gabel: Thanks, George. Operator, we're ready to open the call for Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we're ready for that first question.
Wendy Gabel: Thanks. That was our last question. Thank you, everyone, for participating in today's call. You can now disconnect.
Tony Kingsley: Thank you, Doug. In the second quarter, we had double-digit revenue growth, driven by strong execution of our product strategies. Second quarter global AVONEX units increased 11%, while revenues increased 16% versus prior year. We continue to experience share gains within the ABCRE class in both the U.S. and outside the U.S. Our strategy of focusing on first-line use and bringing convenience to the marketplace has allowed us to further differentiate AVONEX in the injectable segment, making the once weekly treatment a compelling choice for both patients and physicians. The AVONEX PEN and AVOSTARTGRIP were recently introduced to the U.S. market. The AVONEX PEN has been shown to help reduce the anxiety patients may experience while self injecting. And for patients initiating treatment, titration could reduce the incidence and severity of flu-like symptoms that they may have when beginning AVONEX therapy. We're pleased by the early indications and believe that the strong demand in the U.S. AVONEX business was a combination of both patient demand for the PEN and PEN inventory stocking relating to the recent launch. Market data also suggests there's been a strong conversion to the AVONEX PEN from existing patients, and that the majority of patients new to AVONEX therapy have chosen the PEN. The AVOSTARTGRIP performance has also shown very positive preliminary signs in the U.S. During the quarter, approximately 2/3 of all new starts on AVONEX were with the AVOSTARTGRIP. Outside the U.S., we continue to maintain our leading market share position, and the AVONEX PEN continues to drive healthy unit demand in the U.K., Germany and the Netherlands. Now turning to TYSABRI. Second quarter global TYSABRI units increased 10% versus prior year. In the U.S., second quarter TYSABRI units grew 9% year-on-year. This is the seventh consecutive quarter where we've delivered unit growth for TYSABRI. Outside the U.S., TYSABRI units grew 11% in the second quarter versus prior year. We believe risk stratification is working. There is high awareness of the assay among neurologists, testing volumes are growing nicely -- our most recent estimates are over 100,000 tests completed globally -- and an increasing portion of patients tested are new TYSABRI candidates. While we continue to see some fluctuations in discontinuation rates among JCV antibody positive patients, overall, discontinuations are modest. We're seeing solid growth in new patients with 2,400 added during the second quarter. We continue to see success with FAMPYRA as revenues approach $20 million in the second quarter, largely driven by Germany. FAMPYRA is now approved across the entire EU, Norway, Iceland, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. We expect regulatory filings in 30 additional countries in 2012 and have planned launches in many EU countries. We are actively working with government agencies with a goal of achieving favorable reimbursement. In Germany, our interactions with the GBA this quarter continued as we further demonstrated the benefit that FAMPYRA has for patients with MS. The GBA will issue the final assessment in early August 2012, at which time pricing negotiations will commence. We will continue to focus on strong execution of these product strategies in the second half. With that, I'll turn the call over to Paul Clancy, our Chief Financial Officer.
Tony Kingsley: Thanks, Brian, it's Tony. So what -- as we've said in the past, country-by-country, as we work through testing the existing patient base, we've seen some lumpiness in the discontinuation rates. But overall, we feel like it would stabilize over the course of this year. We continue to feel that way. The discontinuation rates have continued to be within the broad ranges that we thought we have, and there aren't, I don't think, significant differences between the U.S. and Europe in the discontinuation rates. We're seeing reasonably similar patterns across countries at this point. So no substantial shift on that front.
Tony Kingsley: Yes. Thanks, Paul. So in terms of sources of growth, we did, I think Paul said we did see units down 2% year-on-year but up 7% quarter-on-quarter in the U.S. Some of that reflected the dynamics in the first quarter, but we feel comfortable that we are getting good unit growth, and that we're getting some share growth within the ABCRE segment. It's still relatively early days with the PEN in the U.S. and titration, but we track the leading indicators. I mentioned some of them on the call in terms of the percent of patients who are choosing the PEN, what percent of new starts we're getting. And we feel comfortable that we're seeing a repeat of the experience that we've seen in some other markets. In terms of the total market, we still see the U.S. market this year growing as expected in terms of total patients in low-single digits. Europe is typically higher than that, sort of mid-single digits. No big change in the market growth relative to what our expectation was.
Tony Kingsley: Yes, thanks, Marshall. So patient mix, we are -- as I said, one of the things we look at with the assay is what's the portion of patients who are existing patients versus candidates. And we're seeing a nice increase, in fact the majority of patients tested now are candidates for TYSABRI, which is a good news, very, very positive. We continue to see evidence that we're seeing, as a result of that, TYSABRI used earlier in the treatment paradigm. I'm not sure I can break down very specific metrics on second line, first line, third line, but we are continuing to see evidence in the patient demand that we're seeing patients tested and then -- or new patients moved on to the product, which is very positive. Not a lot of news from our standpoint on Gilenya. We continue on FTY, we continue to see them sort of chugging along nicely at the level that they have. Again, we think that TYSABRI has a significant efficacy advantage, and with risk stratification, a significant advantage for patients who really need that higher efficacy. So just, it netted out. We did add 2,400 net patient adds in the quarter, which we feel was a very good performance.
Tony Kingsley: Yes, it's owing mostly, Marshall, to emerging markets. So as we pointed out in the past, both for AVONEX and TYSABRI, we have some wobbliness quarter-to-quarter. Emerging markets, AVONEX benefited this quarter from Brazil tender sales. Last quarter, TYSABRI benefited from some of the emerging market tender sales. So it's really that if you kind of strip that out of it, both in Europe, as well as in the emerging markets, it's a very kind of very normal nice trend moving in the right direction.
Tony Kingsley: Okay. So in terms of the percent of patients, the existing TYSABRI patients that have been tested, I think over the course of the later part of last year, post the launch of the commercial assay in the EU, we saw different trajectories country-by-country. But the vast -- we believe the vast majority of patients, country-by-country, got tested over the 3-, 4-, 5-, 6-month time frame last year. I can't tell you that every existing patient has been tested, but as we tracked it, we believe that most of the existing TYSABRI patients have been tested. And again the testing mix is shifting now. We still have a significant number of existing patients being tested because people will be retested over time, but it's shifting more to new candidates over time. Discontinuation rates, again, we track that through a variety of indirect measures in the EU, including market research and speaking with physicians and other things. We think among the positives, the majority of positives had continued to stay on the product because of the efficacy advantage. And we think the discontinuation rates have been relatively stable with a little bit of month-to-month up and down lumpiness.
Tony Kingsley: So I was in Brazil last week, Rachel. Good question. On the tenders, so the tenders in Brazil are administrative tenders as opposed to competitive tenders. But each year, you have to go negotiate with the government, who tries to grind a little price out of you. So it's not a competitive dynamic so much as a, you have an opportunistic payer in Brazil that comes back every year and looks for a little something. But we do see, for example, in Brazil, MS continues to be under-diagnosed. There's lots of opportunity for both -- to get to your question, both AVONEX and TYSABRI, given the population growth and what's going on with the economy in general. In terms of AVONEX potentially in the rest of world, we still think that there is a potential. And we continue to invest both in direct markets and distributor markets. I don't think we have any news to announce on additional entry in direct markets. We're constantly looking at that and the trade-off of the economics, yes.
Tony Kingsley: Yes, good question, Ravi, thanks. So let's talk about the 3 assets that we'll have as DMTs. AVONEX competes in a segment that's not going to disappear overnight, which is the injectable segment, which is promotionally sensitive. I think we've demonstrated that over the last couple of years and couple of quarters in the results. So we think we need to continue to keep meaningful promotional effort against AVONEX within that segment with the strategy of continuing to outperform other injectables. BG-12 has potential to -- obviously, we're excited. It looks like it's a great product profile. It will be the third oral into market probably. It's going to require significant promotional investment. It's going to require a significant physician-facing investment in education, and we think it requires that. TYSABRI, we've talked about risk stratification, the ability to grow that product. Again, it's a product that requires significant customer-facing resources. So we think it would be penny wise and kind of foolish to try to get a lot of leverage on the sort of customer-facing end. That may be something that happens over the long term, but in the short term, we think you've got to put a lot of effort against these things to turn them into the kinds of products and kinds of share products that we think they can be.
Tony Kingsley: No. Good question. So I think we think about not just AVONEX but the interferon franchise over time and what it will take. So my statements about competing in the injectable segment and out-competing really referred to the AVONEX PEN, and then we would hope PEG. Look, PEG, the kind of profile that PEG potentially could have, makes it the clear winner in the injectable segment in my mind for patients. I mean the convenience factor of a once every 2 week or once a month, if that's the way that plays out is very good. So we would likely see the interferon franchise transition over to PEG over time. And we would -- so you wouldn't have a significant increase in sales force and promotion other than what you normally would have around what's essentially a pretty significant line extension.
Tony Kingsley: Good question. It's Tony. So again, we are -- this is a -- we don't know when it's going to get approved or how it will shape up, but we expect a good effort in the latter half of the year. It's a product that looks like it could compete for some new start patients, and it certainly could compete for some tolerability switches. We think AVONEX has a superior value proposition to the new oral, and we think we fight it out in the, at the field level and at the promotional level. We think we can prevail in that game, but it's a meaningful new entrant that will attract some attention. You are correct that it looks like it will have a lower, sort of lower complexity, relative to FTY, and some people may find that appealing. The real question will be is there an efficacy story there that merits choosing that product relative to a well-understood one like AVONEX.
George A. Scangos: Thanks, Paul. So at this mid-year mark, we're on track to achieve our 2012 goals, which include growing our leadership in MS by increasing TYSABRI market share, stabilizing worldwide AVONEX market share and growing FAMPYRA revenue, prudently investing to make sure that we're well prepared for the launch of BG-12 in MS and Factors VIII and IX in hemophilia A and B and continuing to advance our late-stage pipeline and strengthen our early-stage pipeline to make sure that we're poised for future growth. We expect to accomplish all of this, while at the same time, delivering revenue and EPS growth. We have a busy 9 months ahead of us, preparing for the BG-12 launch and 4 pivotal trial data readouts for the long-lasting blood Factors VIII and IX, dexpramipexole in ALS and PEG-Interferon. So in closing, we feel good about where we are as a company right now, and we believe the best is still to come. So with that, we will stop and open up the call for questions.
George A. Scangos: Well, sure. And so but just on bapi, the first trial didn't meet its end point, but there are other trials yet to come. So I think that final word there isn't out yet, and we don't have too much to add to what we've said previously about our cash usage. We have, over the past few years, done a combination of what Paul has from small tuck-ins, so little deals, small acquisitions. We've bought shares back, and we'll continue to think about it the same way as we move forward.
George A. Scangos: Yes, Geoff, with respect to the IEFA situation, I mean, what we understand is that there are a number of pharmaceutical companies in upwards to 50 or 100 different "products" under IE for review. Ours is kind of unique. We've tried to disclose it that it has to do with a dispute with respect to the price cap going way back to the first 2 years of the launch of the product. So ours is a -- results in accounting -- in having deferred revenue that is quite unique. We are hoping and expect to be in front of IEFA in the fall, and we're hoping to get resolution around that. In terms of broader macro, the forward pricing environment is certainly a risk factor for our business. In the big 5, we have experienced the -- and it's already embedded in the P&L in -- if you think about Germany, there was pricing actions in August of 2010 across the industry. In Spain, in spring of 2010, there was a 7.5% rebate. So I think we're in some of these countries, we're getting past it, but we're still mindful that it's a macro risk factor for the industry, but we're working hard to mitigate all those impacts.
George A. Scangos: Let me start with the first part, Yaron. The projection that I outlined in the guidance assumes the lower end of the range that IQWIG has come out with. So that is the planning case that we're going with right now. We'll have another data point by Q3, which will be GBA's assessment. So we'll include that in the facts as we attempt to estimate a price. With respect to the relationship from Acorda, the royalties to Acorda are on GAAP sales. So it will flow with the ebbs and flows of the accounting treatment for the product quarter-by-quarter.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, I mean, Matt, I mean George will answer it. Obviously, we can't comment -- we appreciate that it's quite topical coming off of last night's news, but really just no comment. But George, if you can kind of give a broader perspective, it'd be great.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, well, yes. I mean there's a chance it doesn't. We're just trying to be mindful of it. Certainly, there are 2 things we can definitively point to, the Brazil tender. That's a little less than $10 million. And that the coming in the global markets, we had about $7 million of essentially resupply from the voluntary product withdrawal recall that was at the very end of Q1. We're just trying to be mindful that around the world and certainly in the United States, there may be some retailers that are managing kind of both PEN and lyophilized. We may be getting a modest benefit from that. So I think really that's it. Nevertheless, I think we feel it's a very, very strong, strong quarter. And then broadly speaking, the guidance is -- we're hoping -- we're going to be pushing hard as much as we can for the balance of the year, but the guidance also certainly is trying to point out that we have intensification of some of the prelaunch expenses for the second half as we get closer to BG-12 launch and even as we start to invest a little bit and prudently in Factor VIII and Factor IX potentially over the next 6 months.
Paul J. Clancy: So I'll start with TOUCH forms. So TOUCH forms being essentially the prescription, if you will, and in the U.S., which we track. We have continued to see the ability to drive nice growth in TOUCH forms. Obviously, they go up and down, week-to-week basis, but the trends are consistent with what we saw last week. We think the sales force is generating good front-end demand.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, this is Paul again. So I think it's a scenario that we're thinking about. So it's very -- it's actually hard to predict on a product-specific basis because country-by-country, certainly different things are happening. The -- we are kind of being mindful of the broad macro concerns, and that historically, what you could essentially count on in our business is kind of flat to down 1% or 2% pricing. And I don't think it's a far reach to say that, that accelerates to 3%, 4% or 5%. So we're kind of thinking through that and trying to be mindful about it but nothing exact to report out on at this point.
Douglas Edward Williams: This is Doug. With respect to the second study for dexpramipexole, back a couple of quarters ago, we discussed this. And the reason for delaying the start of the second study is really to be able to incorporate any learnings from the first study into the design of the second, should we need it. So that was a purposeful decision on our part to really have the opportunity to take a look at the data from the first study and then incorporate any learnings into the second.
Douglas Edward Williams: Yes, I think that's still an open question, and one that we would like to answer, because as you recall from the Phase II study, we didn't really top out on the dose response curve. So it's an open question, and one that we'd like to answer.
Douglas Edward Williams: Yes, Michael, we're unlikely to get data next year. We'll be well on our way to getting data, but probably won't get a readout next year. The ways we're going to look at remyelination are in 2 ways. One is in the optic neuritis trial to look at visual function by looking at visual contrast acuity, also looking at nerve conduction by looking at multifocal, visually both responses and also looking at neuro protection by looking at ocular coherence tomography, because we think that remyelination will lead to neuro protection. In the other trial, we will be looking -- using state-of-the-art imaging technology to look very closely at MS lesions at the time they form, and then the evolution of those lesions in the month thereafter, where we think that some remyelination occurs naturally, but we hope to enhance that natural process with anti-LINGO. And so it will be a lesion-imaging assessment essentially, and so both I think are important.
