Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Jeff. The Biogen team is taking the current situation very seriously and dedicating every effort to maximize shareholder value creation. I am inspired by the reaction of the team. And we now have the opportunity and the obligation to rebound. We remain focused on growing our core business in MS, SMA and biosimilars, while addressing the short-term priorities already discussed, including the TECFIDERA IP challenge and preparing for the expected launch of VUMERITY by the end of the year. As always, we will invest in the areas we believe have the highest potential return for shareholders. Between now and the end of 2020, we expect continued progress as we aim to build a multi-franchise portfolio, including data readouts in MS, PSP, lupus, epilepsy, Parkinson's disease, ALS, pain, cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia and stroke. Potential regulatory approval in the U.S. for VUMERITY in MS and up to 10 new assets advancing into the clinic. Finally I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bringing innovative therapies to patients over the long term. This demands that we continue to allocate capital efficiently effectively and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure, as well as aim for superior returns from the investments we make. I will end by stating explicitly that everyone at Biogen is highly committed to making a positive impact on patients life by remaining at the forefront of discovering and developing breakthrough treatments, while always being dedicated to maximizing the long-term returns on behalf of our owners. With that, we will open the call for questions.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the question. And as we communicated, we plan to deploy our capital to areas of highest returns for the shareholders. And we do believe that at the current stock price level buying back shares is very important. We took aggressive steps to diversify our portfolio in the past. But in the context of our current cash flow generation and the profile of our balance sheet we can do both buying back and also conduct some BD, M&A activities.
Michel Vounatsos: So, Robyn this is Michael. I'll start with that. I think it's still -- look, it's still pretty early days with the data that we know from RITUXAN has been relatively small numbers of patients in the 20s or 30s, but infants and later onset, they clearly generated some encouraging data on this in terms of efficacy. I think some of the open things that the field is looking to understand about this is the overall benefit risk profile, the degree of efficacy, the extent to which that there is manageable therapeutic index on this. These are all parts of that program and data that are still to really emerge. The way we kind of think about is that particularly through the NURTURE study, the data that we generated from SPINRAZA really sets the bar for the degree of efficacy that's really going to define standard-of-care. So we think that's an important feature here. And we have such an extensive safety database on thousands of patients and patient years. So, again, I think that kind of sets the bar for what safety should look like. Much of this is going to have to play out over time. Right now we are very, very confident in SPINRAZA's profile in terms of safety and efficacy and we'll have to see how the RITUXAN data set reads out at this time.
Michel Vounatsos: Concerning the second part of your question. Thank you for asking. Based -- following aducanumab setback, we gathered the team and we certainly worked hard to maintain the focus on the operations and the progress from all sites of the company. And again I'm impressed by the reaction of the team. If we step back and we look at our - and reach portfolio that is materially improved compared with what it was 28 months ago. The core of our focus remains and we remain neuroscience. Having said that, we also look very carefully at the progress we are making in lupus with the two compounds that Mike spoke about and also idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis. So this may point out adjacencies potentially in immuno, you speak about rare disease. It's too early for the organization to state that clearly. We need to regroup as a team and we got doing that while we speak share and line with the Board and then come back to you.
Michel Vounatsos: Just to conclude on this question and adding to what Mike is saying. It's all about adding value and highest return for the shareholders and finding synergies with the core capabilities of Biogen the way others will not be able to deliver.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the great question, Michael. So if you sit back and you recall what we said repetitively. The plan A was always to prepare Biogen for growth even without aducanumab. So as I said, the focus will remain on neuroscience based on the portfolio we have, but also on the adjacencies of all the programs we are developing for now and we'll come back with more. If you look at what we have done, we have materially improved our pipeline. We have materially diversified our pipeline. We are basically positioning the company for the future. We have improved the operational performance and also the efficiency of our operations. And we believe we have the ability to go further. This is where the capital also had been. We believe we invested the capital over the highest return opportunity. We have an IP challenge that we need to solve and we are working on that. And we do recognize our responsibility to shareholders to maximize the return over the long term, specifically on Alzheimer's disease. It has to be science driven. We have tons of data points that we are still not yet finalizing to review and to digest. So we have to wait for the team and a team statistician and clinicians to look at the data, so that we can best indicate, educate the course forward for the beta-amyloid hypothesis and for BAN2401 and elenbecestat. And as I said concerning the capital allocation and the share repurchase, I think, we've been pretty clear that at this level we believe that this is an area with very high return opportunity for shareholders. But again, in the context of the pristine balance sheet that we have, we can do more. 
Michel Vounatsos: So we believe that deployment of capital at this level of price level should be on the share buyback. We believe this is a high return for everybody and we believe in the value of our company. At the same time, our team is working very hard on looking for other opportunities with high return.
Michel Vounatsos: So from day one and this is the reason why we did the -- we deployed capital and acquired this asset is that it was meaningful and strategically important for the company. We have a $9.1 billion franchise in MS that is pretty resilient to date. And we continue to - we want to continue to invest in that space. We believe that this Alkermes compound can eventually be differentiated. We need to wait for some data readouts. In the context of the IP challenge, certainly this is very important. It would be premature to state on any clear tactical plan or strategy for launch. But while we speak, we are working thoroughly on that. It's not that the organization is without any alternative, but we remain confident on our patents for TECFIDERA.
Michel Vounatsos: So, I will get started. Since 41 years that this company is in operation, innovation, scientific excellence was at the forefront and is at the forefront of what we did and what we do and what we will do. And this is coming with some risk. And we know historically that there have having some setbacks. But we also believe that nowadays we are able to mitigate some of them with genetically validated pathways and also biomarkers neuroimaging and other elements capabilities that we are building. Mike will give more color. 
Michel Vounatsos: Concerning the biosimilars. We do believe in the value creation opportunity offered by the biosimilars also in the U.S. The savings opportunity are up to $250 billion in the next 10 years if we had an effective biosimilars market in the U.S. And we don't speak about that enough. But I believe what is being discussed in terms of rebates -- new rebates or the policy; we'll address this potential gap. We are very pleased with our portfolio. We are very pleased with our performance. We do not intend to stop here.
Michel Vounatsos: I would like just to reiterate our commitment to patients, all customers, and importantly to our shareholders. I believe Biogen is set to rebound and I fundamentally believe that we will be back.
Jeff Capello: Yes. Hi, Geoff. It's Jeff. Thanks for the question. So, as a reminder we grew 18% year-over-year in the U.S. in SMA, so pretty strong growth year-over-year. We did have a bit of a slowdown sequentially which I think you are asking about. Couple of things to remember. Our estimated epidemiology in the U.S. is still 9,000 patients. We're only 30% penetrated to-date. And in the adult class, which is the largest class, 65% of the patients, we're only 18% penetrated. So we continue to do a good job executing. We did a very good job this quarter continuing to grow that adult class. We also had a drop in the free drug percentage from 15% to 10% as more insurance coverage picks up the product which is just a testament to the strength of the product and we had very low discontinuations. Having said that, we did see a slight decrease in the number of new patient starts. We actually saw the same dynamic happen when you look at the fourth quarter of 2017 to the first quarter of 2018. And we think part of that is due to the fact of seasonality both with regard to new patient starts and maintenance doses. In fact, if we look at our maintenance doses, we did see less compliance in the first quarter, which we attribute to weather and the cold and flu season. So this is not that the similar from what we saw in terms of the dynamics shifting from the fourth quarter of 2017 to the first quarter of 2018. So we think we continue to have lots of opportunity to grow this business in the U.S. And, of course, outside the U.S. we had a terrific quarter.
Jeff Capello: And Geoff I might add something to that too. I think you raised a very good point about. Our SPINRAZA experience, I think has been highly informative to us and in growing our capabilities in and around rare diseases broadly speaking. I think when you look at the ability to deploy innovative development plans when you look at the extent of regulator engagements and accelerated paths. When you look at the collaborative relationship that we've exercised in patient efficacy and patient support groups that have supported that and then you look at opportunity space in disease like SMA, which ends up being much larger than I think anyone had anticipated at outset. These points to the adjacencies Michel was just talking about, which were programs we have in our portfolio BIIB067, 078, 092 and the proposed Nightstar acquisitions, all will provide positive synergy and give us another lens to look at an additional external opportunities.
Jeff Capello: Hi, Cory, it's Jeff. Yeah. So we had mentioned back, I believe, it was at your conference that if you took, the metric was – if you took the cash flows of the company at the end of the third quarter of 2018 and you annualize those, you drop the CVRs and then you look at that over a five-year period that was a certain pool of cash. And then, if you look at the cash on the balance sheet, plus leverage up to 2.5 times, less the leverage we have today, that gave you the $42 billion of potential capacity. Assuming all stayed constant in terms of the business, which obviously is not the plan. The plan is to grow the business and grow those cash flows. So that's where we got the $42 billion. We once again had a very strong quarter cash flow wise. We did $1.5 billion in operating cash flow. And I would point out that this quarter was the final payment of the Fumapharm settlement of $300 million. So we're now beyond that settlement. So if anything, we believe that our cash flow will continue and we'll be in a strong position to leverage those cash flows, as Michel had said, with regard to both buying back stock and being active from a business development perspective. So there will be no lack of capacity.
Jeff Capello: So, Geoff I'll start with the -- I guess the back half of your question. And we disclosed this clearly in our filing. So, our share of the expenses relative to both BAN2401 elenbecestat was $74 million in 2017, that's just our share and $116 million in 2018. And the amount is not -- creeps up a little bit in 2019, but not dramatically. So that gives you a little bit of sense of kind of the run rate. So, should we decide and our partners decide not to move forward those programs, obviously, that expense would come out. But I think as we mentioned in the prepared comments, as we're going through the aducanumab data and we're still having conversations and we'll make those decisions and deliberations as they play out.
Jeff Capello: So, on the first question, Terry I’m not going to be able to get into a lot of detail. That's a private arrangement between us and our partner. So as I said, we're looking at the data across all the programs and we'll certainly be able to give people an update when we have more clarity. On your second question with regard to the pricing dynamics. I would just say that the pricing dynamics are more or less in line with what we expected with regard to the IMRALDI launch having two anti-TNS already in the market. We're pretty well tuned to the pricing dynamics was very dramatically country-by-country. So we understand the dynamics and the different long-term contracts and how the different countries bid. And we're very encouraged by what's happening in Germany where we really have started out strong. So I would say the pricing is more or less in line with expectations than what we've seen historically.
Michael Ehlers: So Alethia, it's Mike. So I think one thing we've learned from BIIB67 SOD1 program is a lot about how we can very reliably measure target engagement and a pharmacodynamic effect in terms of looking at the relevant cause of the agent species in CSF like SOD1 in that case. We are deploying a very similar approach with C9ORF72 earlier program. So this is now just an essentially safety trials in this ALS patients. So we will be looking at similar types of things. Target engagement lowering of the toxic species and as well as assessing some of the same types of clinical measures. We do think that the extensive experience we've gained in development over time in ALS has significantly enhanced our ability to conduct and execute these trials efficiently.
Michael Ehlers: Yes, great questions Carter. Thank you for that. So, the status of this is that we do anticipate getting days relatively large Phase 2 study data by the end of the year in PSP. The PSP rating scale is kind of the recognized standard across this field on areas of clinical meaningfulness. We've been in active collaborative dialogue with regulators on exactly components of this scale and how to use that for a primary endpoint. But I think we're making really excellent progress on that. I do think that this study is powered in a way with the right endpoint to detect a clinically meaningful effect in these patients. We have to keep in mind that to-date what we really know is that we've got a very target engagement in terms of measuring significant lowering of tau in the CSF. There's a lot of stuff that we still don't know and this is a Phase 2 study. So, you have to keep in mind that this is still a relatively early program where this is largely untested hypothesis and thus it remains a risky program in that regard. But I would say if we're able to show and find that there's a clinically meaningful effect in PSP, I do think that this will have significant positive ramifications or ability to intersect tau across many tauopathies. I would also add and say that we have also very cautiously not just limited ourselves to tau monoclonal antibodies in this regard and that's why we're also enthusiastic about our BIIB080 program at tau antisense oligonucleotide which gives us a very different approach to targeting and lowering tau in tauopathies.
Michael Ehlers: Yes, Phil. I think this is a very good question. It's a broad question. I think what we would say is, look, in this area what we see and detect is a significantly changing risk profile in the area. And we see this playing out in a number of dimensions and it's within things we're doing. And if you look broadly at the ecosystem, SMA being sort of the cardinal example of that, but it doesn't stand alone on this. This risk profile in changing. Where you're successful, there's considerable high reward, as we've seen with SPINRAZA. We are very focused on mitigating the risk level of this in our overall portfolio. We do that in a number of ways Michel was talking about. It's partly by seeking later-stage assets where we've got clinical data that points to the progress, and particularly objective clinical data where we can – lead to go after genetic origins of disease. And this has been a big focus of ours with the extended collaboration Ionis in leveraging the antisense oligonucleotide platform. It's taking advantage of some of our other unique capabilities and depth of expertise in MS and SMA. And as we've been doing that and growing the portfolio, we would note that of these things we've added by bringing in or identifying, three of these deals were post proof-of-concept, two of these deals were post proof-of-biology. So that's an intentional strategy to really mitigate the risk across the portfolio. And I think whether you look at what's going on in – with – in Biogen or in the field as a whole, you can look at disease after disease where these traditional views of the risk are breaking down. SMA, migraine, muscular dystrophy, tardive dyskinesia, progressive MS, Huntington's, gene therapy, the inherited retinal diseases, ALS, treatment-resistant depression, Parkinson's, psychosis, postpartum depression, all these areas where before there have been very little prospect. In the very recent past, in the last year or two, including today, we're seeing a significant change in the risk profile in this area.
Michael Ehlers: Ronny these are getting great questions, which I guess has been lot of time to answer. Let me try to give a little bit of a flavor for it. So in terms of how it is that we design and think about trials. Key for us is where we can get early signs with objective types of measurements that we know are connected to disease. So you will see more and more this is what we try to do across the board but you'll see more and more of that. That means in some instances specific types of biomarkers target engagement, the powering of trials in a way where we're looking for big effects and looking for them early, where we can and we know there is a particular standard of care where we can do head-to-head type of comparisons, it's really leveraging existing data sets that are out there across these diseases to define and refine endpoints. These are the things that we're looking to do. I'll tell you what we're not looking to do is to do large extensive trials where the only thing we're relying on subjective endpoints in that regard. So you will see less and less of that and more and more about refined patient populations objective measures that we think will be tied to a meaningful outcome for patients.
