George A. Scangos: Okay. Thanks, Paul. So in summary, our core business is doing remarkably well. The TECFIDERA launch is well underway in the U.S. And now with 3 approved MS products in the U.S., TECFIDERA, TYSABRI and AVONEX, we believe we have the portfolio that makes us the global leader in the treatment of MS. What's important to us is to drive leadership across the entire franchise. We believe that, with the leading injectable, the leading high efficacy therapy and potentially the leading oral drug, we're well positioned to do just that. So I believe that, with the accomplishments that we've made since the beginning of the year, we're on a very promising trajectory for the remainder of this year and for years to come. We have 3 more potential new products coming forward in the next 18 months: PLEGRIDY and our long-lasting factors VIII and IX. We're focused and working hard to ensure that we complete the registration processes in a timely fashion and successfully launch each of these late-stage products. We're making progress with our mid-stage pipeline as well and also the important work of keeping the sustainability of the pipeline going. We expect data readouts for daclizumab in 2014, TYSABRI and SPMS in 2015 and potentially SMNrx in 2016. During that time frame, we expect to have meaningful data readouts from our Phase II compounds and proof-of-concept data from several other compounds as well. So we believe that we're on track to continue to bring important new medicines to patients in areas of high unmet need and further ensure that we have major value drivers going forward. So before I end the call, I'd like to note the enthusiasm and the passion that runs throughout our organization in terms of the work we're doing for patients. Biogen Idec has been around for a long time. We're the oldest independent biotech company in the world. We've had a great run off the strength of our science, our development group is world-class and we believe that we have a great commercial outlook ahead. And now for our patients around the world and our shareholders, we need to continue to deliver, and we're committed to do just that. We're working hard to enhance our internal R&D and pipeline, and we also expect to make some additional investments through our BD group this year to further enhance the pipeline and provide additional value down the road. So I'd like to thank all of our employees whose hard work, dedication, makes these accomplishments possible. And at this time, we'll open up the call for Q&A.
George A. Scangos: Sure, Geoff. Or first, thanks for your -- I'm sorry. Thanks, Mark. On the regulatory front in Europe, we continue to believe that we're entitled to the 8-plus-2 years of data exclusivity. Obviously, we've been in -- we're in the middle now of discussions with the European regulatory authorities. I don't want to go into all the details of that on the call. I think it's just general good practice not to discuss the details of our interactions with regulatory authorities. But we continue to believe that we are entitled to that data protection.
George A. Scangos: Yes. This is George. Look, I don't think we've tempered our enthusiasm. I mean, I think we have had a fairly consistent view of TECFIDERA now for quite a period of time. We believe that it will be the oral drug. We were and are being realistic about the uptake rate. It's been 3.5 weeks since it's been introduced onto the market, so I think it's a little early to comment on persistence, right? And so -- but we remain very enthusiastic, and there's no reason not to be, about the prospects for the drug. We have a great label. We have a great product profile. And our sales force is trained and ready to go, and we're about to start ushering the guests out at the door.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Look, thanks for all for calling in today. And we're going to get back to work, and we'll talk to you next quarter. Thanks.
Tony Kingsley: Thanks, Geoff. It's Tony. So look, early days, the short answer is we're seeing patients come from all those different categories. It's probably a little early to comment on any pattern that's developing on that front, but as we said, we're encouraged with the early signs.
Tony Kingsley: Thanks, Ravi, for the question. So I've been publicly skeptical of the term "warehouse," as you know, so I appreciate your asking that. But look, that's in the spirit of how do you actually define that term in the context of the rhythm of this market. And having said that, we've always believed that there would be some pent-up demand and early interest in this, and that's a function of a great label and a good product profile. So as we've said, the early indicators are encouraging. We'll see how that plays out in the coming weeks and months. This is a marathon, not a sprint. We're focused on getting out and promoting and getting off to a strong start, but it's really about building a sustainable trajectory.
Tony Kingsley: Yes, thanks, Eric. It's Tony. So we have a co-pay assistance and other financial assistance programs which are, I think, very good but typical for the industry. Patients who have -- at certain income levels can get assistance with co-pay. We obviously also have a free drug program, et cetera. We also have a program with our specialty pharmacies that will allow patients to get started on therapy during the process of insurance adjudication, which, it may take a number of weeks.
Tony Kingsley: Yes. So again, early days to comment on the details of IMS or other. We are not blocking IMS. I don't know what the capture rate is in IMS at this point. That's something that we'll obviously sort out over time or a couple of weeks in. Look, we think, over time, IMS should become a reasonable proxy for reality, as it is with AVONEX. On a weekly basis, they can be a little bit lumpy from time to time, but on a monthly basis, we think, with a mature product like AVONEX, it's a reasonable proxy. We think, at some point, that's likely to be the case with TECFIDERA.
Tony Kingsley: Similar. This is -- our distribution channel is, again as is typical for these products, largely specialty pharmacy, broad based. There'll be some differences from AVONEX. But similar, yes.
Tony Kingsley: Thomas, we believe that the product is being prescribed per the label, with – those physicians are writing for the titrated dose, which is recommended. Frankly, I don't understand the inner workings of how IMS may be capturing that as 30 versus 14 day. I can't comment on that.
Tony Kingsley: Yes, so nothing unusual, I think, for products of this type and in this category. Look, we have a managed care team that's out engaging with payers, to talk about formulary inclusion. That includes medical discussions, economic discussions, that unfolds over several months. So that's all planned and underway. In the short term, the payers in this category, and this has happened for the other new entrants, typically will ask for some kind of prior authorization or step edit. That requires some paperwork and justification from the physician office. So it is an additional hurdle that takes place while you are trying to get on formulary. We -- again, with our specialty pharmacy partners and our internal resources, we are working with physician offices to help them get through that additional step and get patients on therapy. So different than AVONEX and TYSABRI in that it's a launch product and it's not at steady state, obviously. So we have this additional hurdle but not different from other MS products and not, frankly, other specialty products these days.
Douglas Edward Williams: Yes, Ravi, this is Doug. Thanks for the question. And with respect to the nuances of different T-cell subsets, we didn't explore that in the study. We looked strictly at lymphocyte counts, white cell counts, as sort of a monitoring measure. We looked at that pretty intensively, as you know. And that data has been presented at several different forums and published in the New England Journal. I think the most important take-home message from those studies is that we did see a drop in lymphocyte and white cell counts that sort of trended downward during the first 3 to 6 months on treatment and then plateaued and stabilized for the remainder of time that patients were on study drug. There was a low percentage of patients that met our criteria for lymphopenia, which was any single count that was below 500. That was, about half of the 6% of the patients that met the criteria of lymphopenia only had a single count that was below 500. So all of the patients continued on study drug throughout the course of the study. We didn't stop anyone. And as you know, there were no opportunistic infections and there was no increase in infection risk in the patients that were treated with study drug. So that's basically the bottom line with respect to lymphopenia.
Douglas Edward Williams: Yes, I mean, I mentioned the monitoring requirements in my statements, which are pretty minimal. It's a CBC within 6 months of a starting dose of TECFIDERA and then yearly thereafter or at the discretion of the physician. So it's a fairly -- I guess I'd characterize it a fairly light set of monitoring requirements based on the label that we have. And I think that that's certainly supported by the data that we've presented to regulators. We worked very closely with them to define what the appropriate monitoring frequency should be, particularly with respect to lymphocyte counts, as we've discussed. And I think we feel comfortable with where that's come out. And it's fairly straightforward and it fits right into the rhythm of patients coming back to see their treating physicians on sort of an annual basis.
Douglas Edward Williams: I wouldn't read too -- this is Doug. I wouldn't read too much into that beyond the fact that it has become somewhat standard practice to run studies like that with newly approved medicines. So I think, if you look at our post-approval commitments, they are what I would characterize as very standard. And that particular study you called out has become a very standard part of the post-marketing commitments for any new drug that's approved.
Douglas Edward Williams: John, this is Doug. No plans to do that study at the moment, the head-to-head comparison non-inferiority study that you just mentioned. And as far as the profile of the drug, I think, obviously, we were pleased to see the efficacy in terms of ARR reduction in the sort of mid- to upper-30% range, which I think places it squarely into the high end of the range for an interferon therapy. Tolerability-wise, as I mentioned, what we saw was some injection site reactions, which are not unexpected with a subcu-administered medication; and flu-like symptoms, which are, again, consistent with what we've seen with the other interferons. Those tend to be clustered around the time of dosing. So with the less-frequent dosing, we think that this will be a lower treatment burden for patients with respect to flu-like symptoms. And coming back to the efficacy parameters, I think the other interesting and somewhat surprising observation was the impact on disability progression that was seen in both of the treatment arms, both twice a month as well as once a month. So I think the efficacy data is very strong. And I think the tolerability data, with respect to AEs, there's nothing really surprising and, what I'd say, is non-interferon-like in terms of what was observed. So pretty pleased with those results. I think it'll position the product very well.
Douglas Edward Williams: And with respect to SMNrx, again, our working assumption right now is that, if the trials were to proceed as we envision them today, and this would be II -- Phase II, III type studies that we'd be looking at, data readouts probably in a 2016 time frame, as George alluded to in his comments. We will be looking at Type 2 and 3 patients. And in fact, the data that we presented thus far, Isis presented at the AAN meeting, is a combination of both the Type 2 and Type 3 patients. We're obviously interested in the Type 1 patients as well where, as you can imagine, the sort of medical need is the greatest. We -- Isis just announced that they'll be starting an infantile study, which will be patients with Type 1 disease, the most severe form of the disease. And that's largely a PK study to confirm that the sort of exposure in these neonates is very similar to what we see in the older patients that we treated in the studies that have been ongoing to date. So the program is moving quickly. We're having a lot of dialogue with the regulatory agencies because this is somewhat uncharted territory with respect to end points and study design issues. But we've had good dialogue back and forth, and our anticipated timeline would be to actually have data that we could file, assuming it's positive, in a broad cross-section of Type 1, 2 and 3 patients in the 2016 time frame.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, Robyn, this is Paul. Let me take the first part of your question with respect to AIFA and the Italian revenue deferral. It's frustrating for us as well. We are hopeful that it gets resolved this year. It is included in our guidance. If it doesn't get resolved, we'll work hard to try to offset that, but it's included in our guidance. What specifically is included in our guidance is that we get back to booking something in terms of a full price, and what's not included in our guidance is any of the deferred revenue accruing back into the P&L this year. And I think that's kind of a "middle of the road" assessment of the various outcomes. And I just would also note that there'll be accounting judgments and accounting treatments that are applicable depending on, hopefully, when this gets resolved and negotiated through. With respect to the second part of your question, excluding Brazil, kind of if it was adjusted for Brazil, units were up, I believe, in roughly the low-single-digit range on an AVONEX year-over-year rest of world basis. We were comparing to a very strong Q1 2012 for AVONEX last year. There's always -- even outside of some of these tender markets, there's always some lumpiness in distributor markets in other geographic regions, and tender markets as well. Thanks for the question.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, and then just to add, Eric, it will present a little bit of noise early in the launch in terms of the gross-to-net. Obviously, patients that get on-drug quickly, those that are judiciously pointed over to the early start program, won't be paying patients, or won't be paying product. So that will affect it. We do see in the U.S. the gross-to-net to be a little bit more favorable than our MS therapies. There's a lot of dimensions to the gross-to-net, but one of the dimensions within gross-to-net is obviously the government discounts, which has been a function of CPI over the years for a portion of those. So at a more steady state in the U.S., we should see kind of a favorable gross-to-net. And then a similar but different -- not a QuickStart, a similar dynamic could happen in some of the international markets as well.
Paul J. Clancy: I'd just reiterate Tony's point that our -- we don't know, right, the answer to that one as it relates to your specific question for TECFIDERA. Our experience, as it relates to AVONEX, is a given week, there's a signal versus noise issue, but when you look at trended data, it's actually not too bad to look at. And I think that's our view of the competitive therapies as well.
Paul J. Clancy: Thomas, I'll take the second part of the question, and Tony will take the first part. Just the reconciliation on the guidance, the guidance is driven by the asset purchase, the earmarked business development reinvestment and then the kind of upsides in tax and then the core business. Most of that, our assessment of the core business upside, is in Q1. So we just had solid performance kind of a little bit of everything around the clock on the little things on the P&L. AVONEX sales were very strong, we kind of had some benefit of the FAMPYRA deferred revenue, et cetera, as I had outlined in my conversation.
Paul J. Clancy: Terry, I don't think there's anything magical to the delta. The revenue guidance is really driven by the TYSABRI asset purchase in bringing in the full 100% in the United States for the last 3 quarters of the year. My guess is that the delta that you're kind of referring to there is simply rounding or something like that, using different -- the 10% and the 17%. So I don't think there's really anything more to it than that. I think the readthrough on the top line guidance is it's driven by TYSABRI. We will obviously -- it's early days for TECFIDERA, and we'll obviously kind of monitor that as we walk through the year. We are going to be -- I think we're in a -- with respect now to capital allocation, I think we -- the deployment in the, early in the second quarter obviously is -- was a big deal. Of note also in the first quarter, we paid off our $450 million -- paid off $450 million of the 2013 notes that came due. And I think what we will now be spending a lot more time about -- thinking about, the next 5 years of capital deployment. And essentially, I think our order of priority certainly is strategic deployment on Phase I, Phase II assets that has proved extremely good for the company, to build sustainable pipeline and sustainable growth engine, and then we'll look for various ways to return capital to shareholders if the -- if we have excess cash.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, Joel, the FAMPYRA price is right around $2,000. So that's the price that's going forward in the P&L at this point.
