Jim Mullen: Thank you, Paul. In summary, the first quarter introduced some top line pressure that we are aggressively working to counter, but we continue to deliver bottom line growth and strong cash flow. We're focusing on advancing our enviable late stage pipeline with six programs in registrational trials. Overall, we made progress on a number of strategic initiatives intended to position the company for long-term growth. With that Kia will now open up the call for Q&A.
Jim Mullen: Rachel with respect to the CEO search, so just to take people back, there is a Board search committee composed of four Board members. They have been active in the search and interviewing candidates and I think they are, they're simply very cognizant of the June date and working towards that. If there is not somebody in place by June, that will be another conversation with the Board but there is not a specific plan for that.
Jim Mullen: Hey Nick, this is Jim. We decided to jump all on that question and we appointed the least qualified person to answer and that became me. I’ll let Rick or Evan to add in to it, but the data we have in the primary section is not only the data we have seen from our own collections of samples over a couple year periods time but what else is out there in the literature and it appears to be in the range of 1% per year. Maybe I will let Evan and Rick maybe add on to that a little bit of color.
Paul Clancy: This is Paul. Thanks, Karim. In the United States, we saw year-over-year decline of about 9%, outside the United States increase of mid single-digits. I think the trend in the United States does partly to continued pressure from unemployment and this is actually our free drug program increasing for AVONEX in the quarter versus the over the last couple of quarters.
Paul Clancy: The FX impact for the total business was about a positive 3% on a year-over-year basis and that is net of hedging in net across all of the products.
Paul Clancy: I'll start with the backend questionnaire. The average shares outstanding on diluted basis was approximately 273 million were probably about 4 million or 5 million shares underneath that as of March 31, 2010. I wouldn’t read too much into it. With respect to the strategic agenda, we continue to work earnestly as alternatives for the strategic agenda. I just point to the comment I made that we still have adequate financing capacity. I think our confidence in the credit markets, that’s right or wrong, is certainly much better than it was a year ago. So you still want to judge us in terms of our capability with respect to financing capacity as well and I really just point you the fact that it does underscore a strong free cash flow generation for the enterprise.
Paul Clancy: Thanks for the question I appreciate it. We will, as a matter of course, always try to update the best estimates even when we look backwards in the patient database. In the United States, that rarely results in any change, what you would note though is that in our international patient database we made a change to correct for our best estimates. That is just simply a function of the fact that internationally the patient estimates are just that. It is estimates that are little bit triangulated but what the most important piece of data is, the shipments going out. I would note as it relates to that those changes that we made which brought down the patient numbers in international at the year end 2009 were largely owing to Germany, which Bob had pointed out, which we actually see as probably the one market outside the United States that is relatively flat. If you take the trends outside of the Germany a number of the major countries are doing quite well and continuing to add patients.
Paul Clancy: Yeah, this is Paul. Nothing to report actually at this point in time and we will try to keep you informed along the way as soon as we do have something to report.
Paul Clancy: A good question. I mean it is something we debate for years and I hate to using optimal compatible structure. You really can't look at in a vacuum, because it is so tied to the business development and corporate development plans that you have underway. We have, I mean, I did want to just going to emphasize that we certainly love this business. We think there is great returns in this business and we continue to look for business development and corporate development opportunities, but what we are influenced by is that, that can come over the last number of years, you have seen that come in business development opportunities with a relatively modest use of capital in terms of adding value and bringing in-licensing collaborations in business development opportunities into the pipeline. We will look at larger usage as every company in our space does and we’ll also kind of tie that up vis-a-vis are the credit markets in the financing capacity that is available to which I think at this point in time we’d call it as more favorable than a year ago. So I think it still a balance approach but should there be access capital in the business which we've largely concluded very recently? We will look to return it to shareholders in the most efficient manner. Thank you.
Paul Clancy: I actually don’t have it, it may have discerned on the four-week basis within March. I don’t think its materially different week-to-week-to-week in March. Even if it was I don’t know if that’s incredibly telling I think the broader trend that we’ve seen in the business is that subsequent to the label discussions and there is a lagged affect here because patients and physicians decide, then it takes four to five or six weeks to put them on therapy and get their first infusion. So subsequent to those discussions that were happening in the fourth quarter, we did see a modest slowdown in net patient adds on a gross basis as well. We’ve seen that largely pick-up and that kind of trends back into the four to five weeks since the label discussions were largely finished. I think I'd just kind of keep it at full month of March basis.
Paul Clancy: We think it's owing to physicians digesting new information, and most meaningful information was the label discussions in the backend of the year. We largely passed that and we're feeling a little bit heartened by the trajectory that we are seeing in March.
Evan Beckman: The other thing Joel I would just add is that many of those patients that Bob referred to as in drug suspension can stay in our patient database in the United States. So the reconciliation between the two is really more made-up in the average share price per patient.
Evan Beckman: With response to your first question, yes, the protocol has written now. It does share the information with the doctor and the doctor can share with the patient when you're enrolled in the STRATIFY 1 or STRATIFY two trials. We have been in active discussion with the FDA about this and at this point the information is still, but the information will be share going forward with that. In terms of the study size, STRATIFY 1 is 1,000 patients that is designed to determine the false negative rate of our assay. STRATIFY 2, we project will be about 8,000 patients, we'll see in terms of that trial that progresses whether we're obtaining the appropriate amount of information to achieve our overall endpoint and that is establish the solidity of this assay and stratifying risk.
Evan Beckman: Good question. The report factor of the physician will be either positive or negative, and it is a yes/no kind of response. There is an intermediate zone where we do confirmatory assay, so the physician will know yet an intermediate test was done and this was positive or negative in those patients that are [borderline]. There is obviously no guidance from the company and this is a protocol, what a particular physician does with this information will be done in concert with his discussion with the patient.
Evan Beckman: It’s a more sensitive allies to make sure that we capture all those patients, who are within a certain threshold of being positive.
Evan Beckman: This is Evan. Obviously the assays and other things in use are really important in determining of this. When we first started looking in to PML several years ago there were numbers all over the place so that the incidence of latency or prior exposure to JC virus. I mean we think that we have gotten better assays and we believe that our data and the program that we have going forward will give better answers to that question. At the moment, the 1% to 2% we think is pretty reasonable. I don’t think that, you describe maybe more sensitive techniques or other things. I just don’t think that numbers going to be wildly off. Two a point words really going to matter whether its 1.2 or 2.3, I think we are in the range and the program we have going forward will help us better define that. Obviously, we think that is something important and as we put this program together going forward to help stratify risks of our patients and physicians. Obviously the new conversion rate that happens, whatever that is, is going to be an element of the pieces of information that we need use to review and monitor to make good decisions. So we have an interest in trying to get that right overtime.
Evan Beckman: Yeah, through the data that we have given you, those 13 cases represent to date, the patient base that we have with the right data to be able to go back and ask those questions. If we had more, we would be sharing more. We would like to get the numbers up as well. So as new cases come up, sometimes there is that opportunity, but that’s probably where most of those cases are going to come from, new members would come from.
Rick Munschauer: This is Rick Munschauer. We have been monitoring the overall incidents those by duration of therapy and by effects quite carefully. These are very small numbers and we really at this point don’t think that there has been a variability there that’s outside of the expected variability on a month-by-month basis given the relative rarity of the event and certainly we are in constant communication with the FDA about this information that’s widely available and discussed.
Rick Munschauer: We are very encouraged in our preliminary studies that 13 out of 13 patients for which we had samples stored away, who went on to develop PML were indeed positive by that assay. That has led us to the STRATIFY 1 and STRATIFY 2 trials, which will formally cap that high positives this over time. A total of about 9,000 patients will be entered in to that trial and we do feel that trial will give it the bottom line information about the value of this assay in stratifying the risk for PML.
Rick Munschauer: Hi, this is Rick again. We count the total number of infuse that’s our current metric for doing that. Good question. Lot of debate over that one but that’s our current metric.
Rick Munschauer: In the United States, where all TYSABRI treated patients are entered into the TOUCH program, the division has the opportunity to re-begin therapy at any time. So in a way it’s a bit difficult for us to determine the difference between a drug suspension and a drug discontinuation. However, those kinds of statistics can only be had when we look at the TOUCH program going forward. We have incomplete data on that.
Rick Munschauer: STRATIFY 2 is intended to go out for two year. It will depend a little bit upon enrollment and I at this point, the (power) calculations are gone and we generally don’t share that kind of information. However, we do really feel that on the study of (power) is to achieve this desired results at about 8,000 patients for two years.
