George A. Scangos, Ph.D.: Okay. Thank you, Ben, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Biogen had a mixed start to 2015. We made good progress on our pipeline but our commercial results were not as strong as we'd hoped. Although we achieved 20% revenue growth and 55% non-GAAP EPS growth compared to the same quarter last year, we'd expected to do even better. We saw moderating patient uptake of our oral MS therapy TECFIDERA in the U.S. and Germany. And like other companies, we had foreign exchange headwinds. Our MS franchise continued to gain overall share this quarter but at a moderating pace. Our interferon business continued to perform well, driven by the recent introduction of PLEGRIDY. TYSABRI remained the therapy of choice for patients needing high efficacy. TECFIDERA had a more challenging quarter due to a number of issues, including an overall slowing of the MS market, the recent launch of PLEGRIDY, the single PML case reported last year and some first quarter financial dynamics that Paul will discuss. And as Tony will describe a little later, our two hemophilia products, ELOCTATE and ALPROLIX, continued to gain patients and market share during the quarter. On the research front, we continue to advance our pipeline. We recently presented compelling data for aducanumab, which is the first investigational drug for Alzheimer's disease that has demonstrated a statistically significant reduction of amyloid plaque and a statistically significant slowing of clinical impairment. And this week, we're presenting 73 company-sponsored platform and poster presentations at AAN [American Academy of Neurology], which highlight our marketed MS therapies, including TECFIDERA's strong efficacy across a broad range of MS patients in addition to its favorable long-term safety. We also presented new data for anti-LINGO-1 in acute optic neuritis and aducanumab in Alzheimer's disease. We made excellent progress toward initiating multiple Phase III trials. We plan to initiative Phase III trials for aducanumab later this year. We also recently initiated a Phase III trial for TECFIDERA in patients with secondary progressive MS, both of which Doug will highlight. We believe these important investments have the potential to be significant future growth drivers for Biogen. We continued to make progress in our biosimilar efforts. So far this year, Marketing Authorization Applications filed by Samsung Bioepis, our joint venture with Samsung Biologics, for etanercept and infliximab biosimilar candidates have been accepted by the EMA. Biogen is preparing to commercialize these therapies across the EU if approved. There is a growing societal need for high-quality biosimilars to help improve patient access to treatments that they need, and we believe that Biogen's world-class development, manufacturing and analytical capabilities position us well to bring these therapies to patients. So in conclusion, we have another busy year in which we'll focus on the trajectory of TECFIDERA and of our entire MS franchise in order to achieve our commercial and financial goals and ensure that we execute ongoing and planned clinical trials to move our pipeline forward as quickly as possible. So now, I'll turn the call over to Doug who will update you on our progress in R&D.
George A. Scangos, Ph.D.: Okay. Thank you, Paul. In closing, the year is shaping up to be an eventful one for us. Obviously, a top priority for us is the growth of our entire MS portfolio, including TECFIDERA. We believe that TECFIDERA is a compelling treatment option for MS patients, and our long-term outlook for TECFIDERA and for our entire MS portfolio remains strong. We believe that our portfolio provides leading choices for patients among interferon, oral and high efficacy therapies, and we're working hard to overcome the headwinds that we saw last quarter. And of course, we'll continue to focus on increasing the numbers of hemophilia patients who are taking advantage of the benefits of ELOCTATE and ALPROLIX. This year is also an important one in terms of advancing the pipeline. We'll move aducanumab into Phase III as quickly as possible, and we'll focus on execution of our ongoing trials for the other compounds in our pipeline. We anticipate data on several pipeline compounds this year, including a Phase III trial of TYSABRI for the treatment of SPMS, the Phase II trial for TYSABRI in acute ischemic stroke, and Phase II data for Neublastin in neuropathic pain. And of course, we're looking forward to the data from the Phase II trial of our anti-LINGO antibody in MS next year. We believe that each of these therapies has the potential to be a significant therapeutic advance. And so with that, we'll close our remarks. And, operator, you can now open up the call for questions.
George A. Scangos, Ph.D.: Yeah, look, we have no formal strategy that says we're only going to in-license early-stage items. I think when we look at acquisitions from the outside, we look at the data, we look at the market potential, we look at the competitive status and we look at value. And if all those things make sense, then we could go ahead and make an acquisition or in-license a compound. So, I think we try and take a look at these from a scientific and medical perspective to make sure that they're valid from a market perspective, to make sure there's a patient need from a competitive perspective. And then, they have to make sense in term of what we have to pay for what we get. And so, I think those are the filters and, we'll – those are the ones we've used, those are the ones we'll continue to use.
George A. Scangos, Ph.D.: This is George. On the IPR question, we're certainly aware of the IPR that was filed. We have several patents that are protecting TECFIDERA. But we're confident in our IP portfolio, and so we don't think it's going to have an impact on our ability to continue to sell the drug.
George A. Scangos, Ph.D.: Okay. Thank you all for your questions. Thanks for your attention this morning. And we'll conclude the call.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D.: Thanks, George. At last month's AD/PD meeting, we presented positive interim data from our Phase Ib study evaluating aducanumab in patients with prodromal and mild Alzheimer's disease. And earlier this week at AAN, we presented additional Phase Ib results demonstrating that aducanumab treatment had a consistent impact on amyloid levels in ApoE4 carriers versus non-carriers as well as in prodromal versus mild AD patient subgroups. We plan to present clinical data for these subgroups at subsequent medical meetings. We plan to initiate Phase III registrational studies for aducanumab in the second half of this year. We've been in active dialogue with regulators and we're close to finalizing our Phase III development plan. Our expectation is that our registrational program will include two identical 18-month-long placebo-controlled trials, each including 1,350 subjects with early Alzheimer's disease. We intend to use the CDR [Clinical Dementia Rating] sum of boxes as the primary end point. In each Phase III study, we plan to evaluate two doses of aducanumab in both the ApoE4 carriers and non-carriers, with ApoE4 non-carriers receiving higher treatment doses. Estimating enrollment timing is difficult though we anticipate Phase III enrollment duration will be similar to other large studies in Alzheimer's disease. We hope the substantial interest in the program will catalyze recruitment. However, the studies will include early Alzheimer's patients who are often not yet diagnosed. Also, we must ensure that clinical sites have access to amyloid PET imaging. As we initiate the Phase III program, the Phase Ib study will remain ongoing. We expect to present the one-year clinical results for the 6 mg/kg study cohort at the AAIC meeting in July. We also continue to evaluate dose titration, and we expect to present those results next year. Moving on to our other programs, starting with ZINBRYTA. The EMA has validated the Marketing Authorization Application for ZINBRYTA. If approved, we believe ZINBRYTA could be an important new therapeutic option for relapsing MS patients. For TECFIDERA, we recently initiated a new Phase III study, INSPIRE, to evaluate whether TECFIDERA slows the rate of disability progression in patients with secondary progressive MS. There are no effective treatments available today for SPMS, and developing therapies for this patient population is of great interest to the organization. INSPIRE is a two-year placebo-controlled study in 1,170 subjects. The primary endpoint is time to confirm disability progression based on a composite endpoint including EDSS, a timed 25-foot walk test and a nine-hole peg test. The endpoint utilized is similar to that being used in the ongoing TYSABRI ASCEND SPMS study. The scientific rationale to develop TECFIDERA in SPMS is based on both biological and clinical evidence. We believe preclinical data demonstrate that TECFIDERA has cytoprotective and anti-inflammatory properties that may address the lymphocytic infiltrates and neurodegeneration known to occur in SPMS patients. The clinical data from TECFIDERA Phase III studies also demonstrated reduced disability progression in subjects even when they hadn't experienced recent relapses. Turning to anti-LINGO, at this week's AAN meeting we presented detailed results from the Phase II acute optic neuritis study which we believe demonstrate that anti-LINGO is able to remyelinate damaged neurons. New data demonstrate a statistically-significant improvement in recovery of optic nerve conduction latency in subjects treated with anti-LINGO going out to week 32. Also, results from a sub-study evaluating multifocal VEP, a more sensitive measure of optic nerve conduction, were found to be consistent with a full-field VEP findings. Our anti-LINGO Phase II study in MS remains ongoing, and we expect to obtain final results in mid-2016. I'll now turn the call over to Tony.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D.: Sure. Geoff, I think the simple answer to your question is that it's our assessment that there's no real change in the benefit/risk profile in the drug for patients with MS. So, it's pretty much status quo at the moment.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D.: I'm keeping track here. So, let's take the first one, the placebo group and did they behave as expected. It's our view that based on the natural history studies that, yes, they did. And remember that this was a slightly different population in that they were all PET amyloid confirmed. So we had a population that was perhaps slightly different than what the sort of full spectrum in the natural history studies would look like, and I think maybe that's where some of the perception issue comes from. But this was an enriched population of patients based on the fact that they were all amyloid-imaged prior to entering the study. So, that's the first question. The unblinding issue, I'm glad you asked that question because I've heard that several times now. And we feel very confident that that was not an issue in the study for a variety of reasons. Probably the most important is that we anticipated this in the sense that we were aware of other studies with other antibodies where ARIA had been observed. And so as we design the study, we wanted to be sure that we put the appropriate safeguards in place so that this would not be an issue. So we segregated the raters who were looking at the CDR endpoint and the MMSE endpoint, and neither of those raters were the treating physicians. So, they were completely separate from the assessors of clinical results including ARIA. So, we anticipated this. We put the safeguards in place upfront. And I think that that was an important study design aspect. The other piece of information I think is relevant here – if you don't buy that argument, then the other piece is that, frankly, the temporal issues I think also support the fact that it's unlikely that there was any unblinding. Because 92% of the events, the ARIA events that occurred, occurred within the first five doses of administration. We didn't actually see a change in cognition until 12 months, or 54 weeks to be precise. So, there was a significant gap between any of the observed ARIA in these patients and the treatment benefit that we recorded with CDR sum of boxes and the MMSE endpoint. So, that gap in time I think should also give you some comfort. And then with respect to clinical, is ARIA a clinical observation? It's a really good question, Mark. I think it may actually be an indication of biology in the case of our antibody. I think it's difficult to say. What I think is important though is that about two-thirds of the cases of ARIA that we saw had no symptoms associated with them. In those patients, the roughly 35% that did show some symptoms, they were primarily mild to moderate, self-resolving within 4 weeks to 12 weeks. So, I think there's still a lot for us to learn about ARIA and what it means and how we manage patients through that. But it is a question that I think will continue to be explored and the answers will play out over the course of the next several years.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D.: Our assessment is that the six milligram dose is actually, given the small cohort size, within the range that we would have expected to see. From an amyloid-reduction perspective, it sort of sits in between the 3 milligram and 10 milligram dose at the 26-week timeframe. So, I think we feel pretty comfortable that that dose cohort is behaving roughly in line with what we would have expected based on the other cohorts in the study at that time point. So, no, we don't have concerns that that particular cohort represents an outlier in any way.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D.: Well, cognition, I think, again, the real end point or the real question mark will be at the 54-week time point. So, I'm not sure we really saw anything convincing at 26 weeks. The data was within the noise, I think, at 26 weeks. It's at 54 weeks that I think the important data point will emerge.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D.: Yeah, let me just sort of frame, the purpose of the study was really a proof of biology study. I think we're not, at the moment, planning to go into acute optic neuritis as an indication per se. But we thought it was an elegant way to assess whether or not we could demonstrate remyelination in man. The 100 mg/kg dose was simply chosen because we were only planning to do a single dose cohort and we chose the top dose that we had looked at in the single ascending dose safety study. So, we wanted to make sure we had adequate drug onboard to see a treatment effect if there was going to be one. And I think we're encouraged now by the fact that we've seen through two different measures of VEP and also looking at the percentage of patients that actually returned to a latency level that looks like normal, which is roughly 2x in the treated group versus the placebo group, that in fact we're convinced that there's remyelination that translates to a benefit in terms of improved latency. So, 100 mg/kg was chosen just as a dose that we could give to make sure we had adequate drug onboard. But we don't believe that that will be the dose. And in fact, the Phase II study that's underway, SYNERGY, is exploring a whole range of doses to allow us to pick the minimum effective dose to take forward hopefully into Phase III studies.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D.: Yeah, I think that you should anticipate that the Phase III study will be given by the same route of administration as the Phase Ib. But you are correct. We're already beginning to think about the benefits to patients of developing a subcutaneous formulation, so I think that that's something that will be in the offing but not likely incorporated into the Phase III program. But it is a patient convenience issue that we're thinking about already.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D.: I think it's likely to be a bridging study. That would be our assumption at this point. But obviously, that would require confirmation with the regulators.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D.: Well, yeah, I think the design is not final until it's final. I'm not trying to be cute. But obviously, we're still in active discussion with the regulators. I think we feel like we've really nailed down a lot of the key issues, most of which I have delineated for you in the script a bit earlier. There are, obviously, a few remaining issues that we need to tie down and make sure that we're coordinated with regulatory agencies around the world. So, we want to conduct a program that would support registration in a very broad sense geographically. And then in terms of the treatment effect, again, this is the first time that anyone with an amyloid antibody has seen a treatment effect of this magnitude. I think our goal is to attempt to replicate the Phase Ib data at least at a high level. The specifics around the treatment effect that will be acceptable for registration, I'm not prepared to discuss that at this point. I think once we've finalized all of our negotiations with regulators, we'll have more to say about the study design and get into a bit more details once we begin enrollment.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D.: So with respect to titration, our expectation is that we will begin the study prior to reporting out the titration data. I think we have a pretty good handle on the dosing parameters for the study and how we plan to handle that. So, it's our expectation that we won't wait for that data. And then with respect to the correlation between plaque and CDR, I think it's difficult to, in a study of this size, really draw those sorts of direct correlations. Obviously, we'll be looking at those sorts of things to see whether or not plaque reduction per se can be used as a "biomarker" on sort of an interim basis. But I think the study is relatively small to be able to draw those sorts of strong correlations. What I will say is that irrespective of the cohorts that we looked at, and this is from the most recent AAN poster that was presented, whether you're looking at ApoE4 carriers or non-carriers, whether you're looking at mild or moderate patients, the reduction in amyloid appears to be pretty consistent across the spectrum. So, there doesn't appear to be any difference in ApoE4 status influencing amyloid removal nor the stage of disease, roughly breaking it down between mild and prodromal patients.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D.: This is Doug. We have a couple of different approaches on tau. Both of them are in pre-clinical at the moment. And I would expect that the sort of front-runner amongst those candidates is one of the antibodies that we have under development. Likely to move into the clinic next year would be my best guess at the moment. We're starting to do some of those experiments with combinations, not just with tau antibodies and anti-amyloid antibodies but also beginning to look at the combination of BACE inhibitors with the anti-amyloid antibodies. So I think long term, our view is that this will become a combination market and we're exploring a number of, what I'd characterize as the sort of obvious combinations to look at right upfront. And I think we're fortunate that we've got a collection of these assets that we can begin to mix and match in the preclinical stages to help guide us towards the choices of what makes the most sense to look at once we actually start generating clinical data.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D.: Sure, Robyn. This is Doug. Well, the timing of the data would be the second half of the year. And I think from the standpoint of mechanism, there's actually quite a bit of preclinical data and stroke models either with antibody treatment or knockouts that demonstrate that the size of the infarct is dramatically reduced when you antagonize this pathway. So, what we're going to be looking at in this particular study is two different measures. The first is a reduction in the infarct size, which we would predict to occur based on the biology. The immediate influx after an infarct tends to be neutrophils, followed quickly thereafter within the first 24 hours with a pretty robust lymphocyte infiltrate. And it starts at that lymphocyte infiltrate, contributes to cytokine production that causes further damage and loss of function. So by antagonizing that sort of second influx of lymphocytes, we hope to reduce the infarct size. And we'll be looking at that by imaging five days out. The perhaps more important endpoint that we're also looking at, and obviously it's a relatively small study so we haven't sized it to see it per se, but there are several measures of stroke. There's a rating scale that is used routinely in these types of studies that we'll be looking at day 29 to really assess whether there's any functional benefit in terms of protecting these patients from loss of function as a result of stroke. So, it's really a two-prong study. The first is the imaging endpoint, and that will come fairly quickly and that's where most of the good biology data is. Secondarily though, we'll be actually looking at the performance of these patients either with placebo or TYSABRI to ask the question of whether we've actually shown some benefit from a clinical perspective. And that's what will drive the decision as to whether we move in to Phase III.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D.: Yeah, the two studies will essentially be identical, mirror images of each other, and they will incorporate both carriers and non-carriers into those studies. And you're right, the 18 months is really simply a way of assuring that we have adequate time to capture the treatment effect with the various doses that we'll be testing, both the lower and the higher doses that will be incorporated into the study. So it's been designed really based on the observations from the Phase Ib study in terms of the cadence of the treatment effect, and we think that the 18 months is the appropriate timeframe in which to assess in both carriers and non-carriers of the doses we're planning to go forward with.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D.: I missed the second question. But the first question on CDR, I think for a population of patients that are largely prodromal but also including some sort of early mild patients, which is what we'll be focusing our attention on in these studies. The CDR endpoint is an accepted endpoint for regulators. It is, remember, a composite score that looks at both cognition and function. And in prodromal patients in particular, you don't actually have functional changes. So it's thought that this is the most appropriate tool for the early spectrum patients in Alzheimer's disease, and that's why regulators have started to accept this as a single primary endpoint in registrational studies, not just in the U.S. but in the EU as well.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D.: Well, the LINGO study that we've reported out on in optic neuritis, I think the anatomical data, just based on where these lesions occur, it's difficult to actually get the sort of imaging confirmation that you can get in MS studies where the lesions are much more visible just because of current MRI technology. So, I think we relied on functional measures of remyelination as opposed to imaging measures just because that was more appropriate in the optic neuritis setting. Our results, I think, give us more confidence going in to the readout from the MS studies. This is, in fact, the first time anyone has reported a treatment effect and the ability to observe remyelination in man. Prior to this study, all we had was some very elegant animal experiments but we'd never really created the linkage of those data to what we can accomplish in man. So, I think the exciting part of the data from the optic neuritis study is that we now have evidence in man looking at a couple of different ways of measuring latency on the optic nerve and also the recovery parameters that I mentioned earlier with double the number of patients getting back to a normal level of latency versus the placebo group. I think the consistency of that data across the various ways we've looked at it gives us added confidence going into the MS study that at least we're influencing the biology we hope to influence. So, we'll just have to wait and see what that data shows us. And as I mentioned in the call, the final data will be available in 2016 in the MS study and tell us a lot more than what we know now about how or if to go forward in MS.
