Michel Vounatsos: Thank you Mike. It is an exciting time at Biogen. And it is all about execution for the coming period. Our base MS, SMA, Biosimilars business is performing well, demonstrating resilience despite competition.  We have an incredible opportunity together with Eisai, and we are completely focused on operation execution for the global Launch of ADUHELM and hopefully soon lecanemab. We have positive Phase 3 data for the zuranolone in depression, and we are anxiously awaiting data for tofersen in SOD1 ALS.  We believe we have a significant value creation opportunity ahead of us. We stand behind the clinical data for ADUHELM, including the integrity of the approval process. Again, today, our top priority special access, including for the underserved population and those more at risk due to ethnicity, and we are open to innovative approaches to ensure budget sustainability.  In closing, I would like to thank our employees around the world who have demonstrated their dedication to making a positive impact on patients' lives. And all of the physicians, caregivers, and participants in our clinical development programs, our ability to deliver medicines to patients could not be realised without the passion and commitment.  We will now open the call for questions.
Michel Vounatsos: And I would like to add that it's good to see followers with the same mechanism of action and a type of class effect that is so challenged. And as Biogen, we welcome new players and some of them being competition and some being partners. That's good for the clinician, that's good for the patient by definition.
Michel Vounatsos: And if we step back, I would say this type of confusion is something we have seen all the way. When we launched SPINRAZA, there was a same confusion and the controversy is not adding to the clarity and the is making people being more fear, but we start to see things moving in the right direction. It's a beginning of a process, we're still at the early days.
Michel Vounatsos: Yeah. I just want to reinforce what Alisha just said. And I had the opportunity to engage with many clinicians and scientific leaders, including some from some of the centers that denied. It's the beginning of a process. And I think that we have also the responsibility to provide more data, as Al said. And we are working on that actively. Remember, we have the richest database in AD, in EMBARK.
Michel Vounatsos: Okay. For the first time ever we have an FDA approval, accelerated approval product, for Alzheimer's disease based on clear data showing the reduction in amyloid beta plaque, which is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit and in this case, a reduction in clinical decline. Can we now urgently turn our attentions to the patients in need, the way we did for HIV and oncology? Thank you all for your attention today.
Alisha Alaimo: All right. Thank you, Marc, for the question. I'll go ahead and answer that. While it's too early in the process to speculate the outcome of this NCD analysis, I will provide some information for people to understand that there are 5 potential scenarios [Indiscernible]. First, there is a no coverage decision. While this is theoretically an outcome, in the last 15 years there are no examples of FDA approved drugs not being covered. I think that that's important to know. Second, there is coverage to indication or basically label. And third, you can have coverage with restrictions. They can maybe give you restriction around specific population of patients, or they can limit prescribing, potentially the specialists, and then they'll define who those specialists are. Fourth, you can have coverage with evidence development. And lastly, it can be left to the MACs discretion. Importantly, once a national coverage decision is made, all of the MACs and Med Advantage plans, must abide by the NCD. Meaning the NCD will overrule any local or Medicare Advantage plan that is in place. That's why we believe NCD will drive some consistency of access and clear reimbursement expectations, which is actually very good for everyone since one of the questions that people have are, "Is this is going to be reimbursed. " With that being said, if there were to be a negative outcome, though we can't speculate on it, of course, in Biogen's true form, we would want to obviously have a conversation on that and see what other outcome potentially could happen, depending on additional data they might need.
Alisha Alaimo: Thank you, Matthew, for the question. And unfortunately, I would love to give you an answer to that, but because it's early days and because processing claims takes quite a bit of time, unfortunately, I can't give you feedback on that yet because they are in the process. As I said before, I know that the Medicare Advantage plans have approved the prior authorizations, which actually is a good thing that those are in place because it does give sites some reassurance that they will get reimbursed. But as for the MACs, we know that they do have claims, but because it's under miscellaneous coding, it does take some time. I would love to give you that answer, but we just don't have it right now.
Alisha Alaimo: Okay. Thank you for that question as well. Since PDUFA, we have continued to hear a high level of interest in our ABC program, which I talked about prior. Which is a CSF testing, which you heard me talk about in my first answer. Now, the reason why there is a high interest, is primarily due to three reasons. First, we're hearing a consistent message from the AD experts and the clinicians, that they will align their patient selection to the patient population studied in our clinical trials. So 100% of patients in our clinical development program were confirmed for amyloid plaques. However, just so you also know, no one's really come out with the policy yet, so I can't actually tell you that there's been a mandate on amyloid-beta confirmatio.But we would expect that, potentially, those will be on the policies. Second, there's currently no reimbursed test to confirm the presence of amyloid, in this program that we offer as a solution to provide access to patients who would otherwise lack the ability to pay for this lab test, let alone the cost of a PET scan. And as you know, for PET scanning 3rd, there are still several areas of the country, in particular the Mountain West, Hawaii, and Alaska, were access to amyloid PET is not available due to the distribution of radio pharmacies and limited half-life of the radioligand. But I also said in our prior call that we do need both PET and CSF and we have seen these orders come in for both of our lab partners. And we're still working diligently with a coalition to see if we can get PET reimbursement through CMS.
Alisha Alaimo: I'll go ahead and take that question. I think that this is really an insightful one because this is where a lot of the fear comes from I think in the centers where they want to know, are we going to be reimbursed? And the answer to that is, you're not going to know until you try. And that's why we're now starting to see centers put through their claims and see how they get processed. However, when an NCD does come out, obviously at that point in time, CMS is also going to have to make a decision as to what they would do with those patients if they did fall outside of the NCD criteria. Unfortunately, we're not going to know until we get to the end of that process.
Alisha Alaimo: Yeah. Okay, Cory. Thank you for the question. I think when it comes to the P&T committee, the stat that we gave you, the 35%, is actually the only stat that I can provide at this point in time. And this number changes on a daily basis. P&T committee reviews are happening across the country. We're obviously aware of the really big ones that become public. But some of the smaller ones that are in our targeted sites come in on daily basis, so I can't actually provide that accurate number. However, for the second part of your question, I can't comment on the decision-making process of the specific sites. However, I will say that we are disappointed that sites that have specialized in Alzheimer's disease have indicated they will not provide access to ADUHELM for now. This is not only disappointing for patients, but also for the AD specialists at the sites of course. Each site will have their own specific process and decision-makers, so there's not really a single reason. And even the reasons that you might see publicly are slightly different from what we actually hear directly which, again, causes even more confusion in the marketplace. And just so you know, we're making every attempt to get in front of these decision-makers, to help them better understand the science and data. And also there have been specialists and champions at these sites to see if they can reconsider their current policy. But do remember that many of the physicians can still prescribe the product and have asked for support to find alternative sites so they can infuse their patients. With that being said, there are going to be other sites that look to these accounts to see what kind of policies and procedures that they do put in place depending on their decision-making. However, at the end of the day, these accounts have also said it is just for now. And there may be a potential opportunity to have them reconsider that in the very near future.
Alisha Alaimo: Yes. This is a great question and obviously we've looked into this as well. And unfortunately, an outcome of a CED can have so many different options. You could have something that's as restrictive as we're only going to allow 500 patients to be reimbursed in this clinical trial, to any patient can get reimbursed as long as it meets a certain criteria for us to get evidence. So I would love to be able to answer it directly, but we are so early in the path. We have no idea what the outcome is going to be, but a CED can take on many, many different forms.
