George A. Scangos: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. In 2015 Biogen generated revenues of $10.8 billion, an 11% increase over 2014, and non-GAAP EPS of $17.01, a 23% increase over 2014. Although the revenues were less than we'd anticipated at the beginning of last year, I'm pleased that we were able to take appropriate action in the second half of the year to maintain healthy earnings growth while we continue to advance the potentially transformative therapies in our pipeline. TECFIDERA's demand has been stable in the U.S., and combined with growth in Europe we expect TECFIDERA to continue to drive our global leadership in multiple sclerosis. TECFIDERA is now not only the most prescribed oral MS therapy worldwide; it is also the most prescribed of all MS therapies in Germany, France, and the U.K. Overall, more than 170,000 patients have been treated with TECFIDERA. Our hemophilia products, ELOCTATE and ALPROLIX, generated over $0.5 billion of revenue in their first full year on the market in the U.S. In November, the European Commission approved ELOCTA for the treatment of hemophilia A in the EU, which we believe will help to contribute growth in hemophilia this year as our collaboration partner Sobi commercializes ELOCTA in additional markets. We also made progress in business development. We acquired Convergence Pharmaceuticals and raxatrigine, their lead compound. Raxatrigine is an oral small-molecule Nav1.7 blocker with promising Phase 2 data that will move into Phase 3 this year. We licensed amiselimod, or MT-1303, from Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma, a late-stage S1P1 inhibitor for ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease. We entered into a collaboration agreement with AGTC to develop gene-based therapies for multiple ophthalmic diseases. And this month BENEPALI was approved in the EU. BENEPALI, the first etanercept biosimilar approved in the EU, is the first of three potential anti-TNFs to advance under our Samsung Bioepis joint venture with Samsung Biologics. Under our agreements with Samsung Bioepis, we will manufacture and commercialize BENEPALI in the EU. Meanwhile, we continued investing in 2015. We purchased land in Solothurn, Switzerland, and this Friday, January 29, will break ground on an advanced, next-generation Biologics manufacturing facility there. And we purchased Eisai's drug product manufacturing facility and supporting infrastructure in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina. We also took actions to return capital and change the capital structure of the business. We fully implemented our $5 billion share-repurchase program, and a portion of that repurchase was funded through the $6 billion debt offering that we completed in September. In R&D, we moved forward several exciting mid- and late-stage assets in our pipeline. It may seem like a long time ago now, but it was Q1 2015 that we presented the aducanumab data showing a statistically significant removal of plaque and slowing of cognitive decline in Alzheimer's patients. We presented data suggesting that our anti-LINGO antibody is biologically active in remyelination. And the Phase 2 data for nusinersen generated by our partner Ionis, looks increasingly encouraging as a potential therapy for spinal muscular atrophy. We also initiated Phase 1 trials in ALS and Parkinson's disease. Al will discuss the many advances we made in our pipeline in more detail, but I think this progress is a testament to our commitment to patients and our world-class capabilities across the breadth of R&D. We also continued to strengthen our early-stage clinical and research capabilities. We bolstered research talent in our neuroscience group and established collaborations with first-rate academic centers around the world. As a result, I believe we're now in a better position than ever to both discover novel therapies and accelerate drug development while minimizing risk. Lastly, summarizing 2015 would not be complete without commenting on the restructuring we implemented in October. Although it was a difficult decision, we've already seen positive results from the steps that we took. With the majority of the restructuring now completed, there's a palpable reinvigorated focus on our key commercial initiatives and high-potential pipeline candidates, and our operating expenses are trending at a rate that we believe can continue to provide healthy earnings leverage going forward. So all in all it was a busy and eventful year, and we believe that the progress we made and actions we took positioned us well for a potentially transformative 2016 and beyond. And with that, I'll pass the call along to Al for an update on R&D.
George A. Scangos: Okay, thank you, Paul. Clearly the commercial trajectory of TECFIDERA was not what we thought it would be at the beginning of last year, and as a result our revenues fell short of our initial projections. While obviously not happy with that, I'm very pleased with the way the company responded. We put additional marketing muscle behind TECFIDERA, we reduced costs and focused the company, and we accelerated our stock repurchase program. As a result, we maintained healthy earnings growth at the same time as we continued our investments in aducanumab, LINGO, and the other exciting programs in our pipeline. We also continued to invest in additions to our pipeline. We acquired Convergence and its lead compound raxatrigine; we licensed amiselimod from Mitsubishi Tanabe; we completed the gene therapy relationship with AGTC; and we brought additional compounds into the clinic from our own and our partners' research efforts. Our commercial portfolio continued to expand globally, as we extended our position as the worldwide leader in multiple sclerosis and significantly grew our hemophilia business. In 2016, we plan to remain focused on commercial execution and advancing our pipeline, which we expect to be the primary source of value creation over the long term. We're looking forward to many updates over the next year, including insight into the potential impact of TECFIDERA's recently launched marketing campaign by the second quarter; Phase 2 top line results for anti-LINGO in MS in the middle of the year; Phase 2 data for BAN2401 and E2609; continued Phase 2 data for nusinersen from Ionis, followed by Phase 3 data next year; and Phase 1b titration data for aducanumab in the second half of the year. We expect to launch up to three compounds this year: BENEPALI in Europe following approval from the European Commission earlier this month, ZINBRYTA pending approval in the first half of the year, and potentially an infliximab biosimilar also in Europe. Thinking even further ahead, we believe that we're entering the early years of a potentially transformative era in neurogeneration drug discovery and development, and we believe that our commitment to research has the potential to yield results that are truly meaningful for patients and shareholders. As I said at the recent JPMorgan conference, I believe that our pipeline and our approach, which has the risk inherent in all truly innovative and groundbreaking approaches, is measured and thoughtful. The combination of a much better understanding of disease biology, the focus on genetically validated targets, the use of biomarkers to learn early whether or not our compounds are having the desired biological effects, and the adoption of multiple therapeutic modalities may meaningful increase success rates and identify those projects likely to fail early in the process, before large amounts of time and money are spent. Our strategy is evident in the design of the aducanumab Phase 1b trial, the Phase 2 study of nusinersen, the Phase 2 studies of anti-LINGO, and our recently initiated Phase 1 trial for SOD1 ALS. We have additional examples, some of which we'll talk about as the year goes on. In closing, and as always, I'd like to thank our employees, who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients' lives, and also the patients and physicians who were involved in our clinical development programs. The achievements we made together could not have been realized without their passion and commitment. So thank you all for joining us this morning, and the operator will now open up the call for questions.
George A. Scangos: Thanks, Geoff. Let me start with the TEC DTC question. I guess I'd reinforce what we said in our prepared remarks around, that really to try to discern it we're going to be looking kind of in Q2 time period. I mean, clearly Q2's not a light switch to determine that. We're seeing early data with respect to, as I had mentioned, kind of hits to the website, conversations into our patient services organization, which lean us to think that it's positive. We haven't seen a discernible, yet, change with respect to specifically your question, but our judgment is that this takes a little bit of time. It was really first week of October. Obviously script data as we come through the holiday time period, as everybody knows, gets a little bit noisy in Thanksgiving and December. So we are going to look really hard probably 60, 70, 90 days out from now.
George A. Scangos: Yeah. Look, if you're in a smaller biotech company, and it's pre-commercial, and you have to raise revenue, there are only a couple of ways to do that. And as it gets more difficult and less attractive to raise money from the financial markets, obviously other alternatives become more attractive. And we hope that and we believe that will all move in the favor of companies like us who are out to in-license or acquire additional compounds. So we'll see. It takes a while for that to happen. We'll take the current views of the market to hold for a while or deteriorate further. If that happens, then I believe there'll be interesting opportunities for us.
George A. Scangos: I think, Mark – this is George. The decision on the LINGO trial will be whether or not we have a meaningful clinical impact on endpoints that the regulators would consider approvable endpoints in a Phase 3 trial. All right? And there are many endpoints that we're going to be looking at in the trial, and there could be some combination of them. So we're not going to have a low bar, but it is a Phase 2 exploratory study, and as we look at those endpoints, we'll make decisions. But I wouldn't characterize it as a low bar. I'd characterize it right now as a little bit of an undefined bar until we see the data.
George A. Scangos: Cameron, obviously we're in discussions country by country, but really can't share anything, so no comment on that. We'll try to as we begin to post revenues, to try to provide some commentary.
George A. Scangos: And this is George. I think that's often the case and the advantage of working on genetically homogeneous diseases, the result of a single gene. So look, I want to thank everybody for your attention this morning and for your interest. We are going to go back to work and do our best to deliver a great 2016 for everyone. So thank you.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr.: Hi, Geoff. This is Al. Well, we have learned a lot from our predecessors, including Lilly and others, and we are employing actually pretty innovative ways of finding where the patients are and where the sites are, and which includes where the PET scans are, because the scanners have to be pretty close to where the ligands are made, and of course the patients have to get there. The other thing we're doing is to screen patients before they need PET scans by using a neuropsychological test battery to make sure that by the time they get to the PET scanner, there's a high likelihood they'll actually have amyloid. And then in terms of early AD, what we mean by early AD are prodromal and the earlier stages of mild Alzheimer's. And in terms of what it means for the marketplace, I do believe that there's going to be a change ultimately in the way the patients are diagnosed early. Perhaps, and certainly before there are functional deficits, but when they have mild cognitive impairment, I believe the healthcare system will set up ways of identifying those patients who need treatment early. And we're working on many of those, too, along with many colleagues outside who are also thinking about the same thing.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr.: Well, I wouldn't say that the hurdle's very low. I think what I'm trying to say with LINGO is that this is a Phase 2 trial, and it's pretty novel territory we're on, where not too many people have looked at repair strategies for any neurologic disease, including MS. So I would say that we're going to look at the totality of the data. We're going to combine the clinical outcome measures along with the imaging outcome measures, learn as much as we can, and really decide, does the program deserve a continued investment? And if so, can we go to Phase 3? Are we ready to go to Phase 3? Because in Phase 3, we're going to have to employ outcome measures that everybody agrees – including regulators, obviously, but also the MS community – everybody agrees will provide answers on whether or not the treatment effect is clinically meaningful. And in the case of the BACE inhibitor, the main thing we're going to be looking at is safety, and I don't think it's uncommon – in fact, I think all of our competitors have gone from early-stage safety data right to large registrational trials, and I think there are good reasons for that. We are confident in the pharmacodynamic effect that we see, in that when we look at A beta 42 levels and CSF, we get nice, very strong dose-dependent decreases in A beta 42. So we're not going – I mean, as George said, we want to manage the risk by making sure we have the desired biological effect, and we're pretty confident already that we have that.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr.: On LINGO, Mark, we have a trial with about 80 patients per arm. And so it's not – it's a robust trial. But, yeah, I think we're more on the common-sense side, as you put it. We want to know – and we can look at separation in several ways. I mean, we can look for proportion of patients who are improving relative to placebo, and we can look at patients who are slowing – their progression has slowed. So we can look at both ways. And that's sort of what I mean by separation. But I think it's more on the common-sense side. And I tried to indicate that there's a lot of exploratory pieces to this trial, because – and some of these endpoints have really never been employed in any significant way in large trials. So that's what I was trying to say, Mark.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr.: Yeah. So the main data we're looking at is the Type 1 SMA, or the infantile onset. And, as you know, we're comparing it – we and with our partner Ionis – are comparing it to natural history. And those things are always tricky, because natural history – the care of patients change over time and stuff like that, and you have to sort of find matching patients, patients that are similar to the ones that you looked at in your open-label study. My confidence grows with every passing day because, as you know, these children are supposed to – their median survival is two years. And so we're at the point where many of these babies are getting to that point or going beyond it, and so I think that if they're surviving, our confidence grows. And also – we're also looking at whether or not they're gaining, whether they're making improvements. These children generally don't improve, and they're hitting motor milestones that are not commonly seen in the natural history. So we believe the data are looking promising, but there are caveats to comparison to natural history studies, and we have to be cautious, because everybody, including parents and the whole world, wants to see a cure for these babies. So our bias is certainly leaning toward wanting to see something, and we have to be cautious about that. So the Phase 3 trials are sham-controlled, they're blinded, and I think that's where we believe the definitive data will come from.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr.: Yeah. Let me get the second question first. I want to be sure that the trial remains fully blinded. Nobody at Biogen has broken the blind and looked at the unblinded data. So that small team – there's no small team looking at any data. And in terms of the AD, there are – it is sort of an art to read PET scans. I don't know if that's what you're referring to, but the readers of these images have to be trained, and we actually employed a quality-control step in a blinded way, where we had somebody in Minnesota, an expert, reviewing every single scan. Moreover, in terms of the cognitive testing, the clinical outcome measures, the main thing we want is consistency over time, and we're doing a lot of the things that we actually do in MS, where we do a lot of training, we have examining neurologists, and we separate them from the neurologists that actually treat the patients for side effects and things. So I think we've employed sort of state-of-the-art methods for collecting these data and hopefully avoided many of the pitfalls.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr.: Yeah, you're right, Matt, were going to look at the first cohort. And the original plan was that the first cohort would then trigger a second cohort. The main thing we're going to look at is the safety data from the first cohort and also to confirm the pharmacodynamic effect that we saw with our Phase 1 study. So it's really safety and repeat, or confirmation of pharmacodynamic effect in the CSF.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr.: Well, with the number of patients in the first cohort, I have low expectations in terms of efficacy, and it will lead to a go/no-go decision to Phase 3.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr.: So in terms of enrollment, I don't want to hazard a guess as to exactly how long it's going to take to enroll patients. I think we're pleased with what we've seen so far, but it's early days. And right now our timelines are assuming the enrollment rate on a patients-per-site basis to what we've seen with other Phase 3 trials. And then in terms of ocrelizumab, it's great to have a new drug for patients, particularly for PPMS patients. I don't think there were a lot of PPMS patients who were on TYSABRI, if that's what you're asking. There probably are some people who have SPMS on TYSABRI, because our label says relapsing forms of MS, and patients with SPMS have relapses in their early stages of SPMS. So it would be on label to be on TYSABRI if you have relapsing SPMS. Now, ocrelizumab I don't think will have a label for SPMS, as far as I understand. I don't recall that they did a trial on SPMS, so I don't see how that would affect the SPMS piece very much.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr.: Yeah. Thanks for those questions, Jim. On the remyelination, right now we're thinking of it that we would use one agent for remyelination, based on our preclinical studies. Of course the remyelinating drug would probably be combined with an anti-inflammatory or an immunomodulatory drug, and that's exactly how we're conducting the SYNERGY study of anti-LINGO-1 in MS. We're adding it to interferon. But right now we don't have any plans to combine the two remyelinating drugs that we have in our pipeline. That may change over time, but that's our current plan. And then terms of the Ionis SOD1 Phase 1 trial, yeah, we've done a lot of work – "we" meaning Biogen, also the ALS community – on biomarkers and not only in human studies, because you'll recall that there was a prior antisense study with a less potent antisense in SOD1 patients. And there's been some – a lot of animal work. And we actually have CSF measures that we could employ that we think will predict parenchymal spinal cord SOD1 levels. The whole point of what we're trying to do is to reduce levels of SOD1, because we believe that the mutated forms of SOD1 are toxic. So we have actually validated, we believe, very good measures that we can use to take the program from the current trial to a registrational study.
Paul J. Clancy: Yeah, why don't – I'll try to take the TYSABRI one as well, but Al can chime in here. Thanks, Brian, for the question. Yeah, we did not see a discernible change kind of coming out of the SPMS readout. It may be early; it may not. I think that was to some extent our thesis as well. Patients that are doing very, very well and have an individual experience with TYSABRI that's generally quite positive. With respect to the earmarking for $100 million, it's – we always debate this internally. Should it be more than that? Should it be less? Should we trade it off against R&D dollars? All that type of stuff. But we try to earmark some level of money that obviously is expense money, which has been – we've been a little bit biased that way, with the earlier stage biotechs over the last number of years have had opportunities, right? The IPO window has been open. It's been very open for them to continue on. There's a potential that with the change in the biotech sector, that as we've looked at corporate development, business development type deals, clearly one of the last hurdles to get through is financial valuation. There's a change that that dynamic is changing in favor for us. George will maybe add some comments as well.
Paul J. Clancy: Mark, this is Paul. The only additional – I really don't want to provide anything additional, no comments further. Just – but reinforce what I did say in the prepared remarks. On TECFIDERA, our plan assumes stable demand for TEC in the United States, right? We're looking and aspiring for more, but that's what the plan assumes. And that's really what we've seen for a number of quarters. On the U.S. pricing side, our financial guidance assumes no U.S. prices for TECFIDERA for the remainder of the year.
Paul J. Clancy: Chris, great questions. It's Paul. TECFIDERA, let me just kind of level-set and just clarify, because you're exactly on it. What we had noted in Q3 is that our estimate at the time was that there was about $10 million to $15 million of build in the SPP, in the specialty pharmacy part of the combined channel. And that was mostly what we believe related to a government purchase related to kind of their fiscal year timing. I think our belief is that that's largely burned through. On a quarter-to-quarter basis within specialty pharmacies, there is sometimes ebbs and flows on inventory levels, and we'll try to do our best to point that out, but we think it's at – and I would think that we may have things like what we had in Q3. But I think that's largely burned through. What we noted in Q4 is actually related to the wholesaler portion of the channel, and on a quarter-over-quarter basis, that there was a little bit of build. So I think as we move into Q1, we're really probably dealing with the $30 million to get to kind of on a sequential quarter basis. We always – just to complete the thought – we always deal with kind of Q4-to-Q1 dynamics that sometimes we don't have great visibility on, the so-called shoebox effect, the change in Q1 with respect to the patients on insurance, and which is related obviously to shoebox. So Q1 oftentimes, in gross to net changes, so discounts and allowances rate goes up in Q1 as well, for us as well as the industry. So we're always – be mindful of that. On PLEGRIDY, it's very interesting. Your checks are probably are consistent with what we're seeing as well. We saw early on, and to some extent it was our marketing strategy early on, was a conversion of AVONEX patients. And we hit some speed bumps along that early on in the launch in the last quarter of 2014 and going into early into 2015. We're starting to see both from what we're trying to do in our marketing strategy, but we're also starting to see the benefits of PLEGRIDY being seen as sourcing volumes from the other interferons. Look, this is a great product vis-à-vis kind of capturing our, and penetrating and capturing share within that interferon segment of the marketplace. Great question. Thanks, Chris.
Paul J. Clancy: Yeah. With respect to – let's kind of start on capital allocation and share repurchases. And you're right, we've exhausted the $5 billion share authorization that was authorized and approved by the board back in the spring of 2015. George and I are in constant contact and constant dialogue and constant discussion about best deployment of capital. I think our thinking right now is a bit focused on strategic deployment, but I would continue to emphasize that we always frame this as one or the other. And it's – over a long period of time, it's appropriately a mix. And I think the cash flow generation of the company remains quite robust such that we can deploy capital in a lot of different ways, all with the objective of increasing intrinsic value per share. So we'll look towards a lot of different means. I mean, I know I'm being a little bit vague and opaque, but I think it's just because that's a little bit where we are right now in thinking through all the dynamics of that. No real comment on the pricing dynamics for the balance of the year. The financial guidance for this year does not assume it.
