Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Mike. Biogen demonstrated resilience and strong execution in 2020 positioning as well to manage the impact of the TECFIDERA generics and to make 2021 a transformative year for the company as we continue executing on our strategy to build a multi franchise portfolio. We are advancing an industry leading pipeline for Alzheimer's disease. We are waiting an important decision on aducanumab in the U.S now expected by early June. As AI described, our belief in the therapeutic approach of targeting amyloid plaques has never been stronger. We believe that our data supports the approval of aducanumab and we are optimistic about BAN2401 one in Phase 3. We are also pursuing complimentary approaches targeting tau pathology with three clinical assets targeting extracellular tau with an antibody or intracellular tau with an ASO. We begin 2021 with an expanded and diversified pipeline and we anticipate eight mid to late stage readouts by the end of this year. These include four pivotal and four Phase 2 readouts across a number of therapeutic areas characterized by significant unmet medical needs, such as ALS, stroke and the new Phase 3 programs in MDD and PPD with Sage. We also expect significant milestone across our core business this year. In MS, we are launching intramuscular PLEGRIDY and we are planning for the potential launch of subcutaneous TYSABRI as well as important data on extended interval dosing in the middle of the year. As we build for the medium to long-term, we aim to scale our digital capabilities to further meet the need of patients. As part of our vision to lead in Alzheimer's disease, we are excited to be collaborating with Apple to develop potential digital biomarkers that may aid in diagnosing and monitoring disease progression at the earlier stage of cognitive decline. I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns for our shareholders and bring innovative therapies to patients over the long-term. This demands that we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure as well as aiming for superior returns from the investment we make. Lastly, I would like to reflect upon Biogen's long standing commitment to corporate responsibility. Our dedication to patients and the broader society is not only limited to developing novel therapeutics for patients suffering from serious diseases, but extends much further. At Biogen, we take a holistic view of health and strive to improve the broader society we serve. Now, more than ever, we continue to invest in climate and health, access and equity as well as diversity and inclusion. In closing, I would like to thank our employees around the world who have demonstrated dedication to making a positive impact on patients' life and all of the physicians, caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs our past and future achievements could not be realized without a passion and commitment. We will now open the call for questions.
Michel Vounatsos: Providing the guidance it's basically the best reflection on how we see the business moving forward. Even these are assumptions that we decide on, that may not represent the reality moving forward, which is basically the business in which we are. But this is the best belief that we have, while we speak. Concerning price, we are getting there. We had very large engagements with many stakeholders. And basically, there are two main dimensions. The first one is the clinical meaningfulness, and potentially in terms of cognitive functions, but also functional aspects on activity of daily living. This is one side of the equation. The second one is the cost of Alzheimer's to society, which is nowadays more than $550 billion a year in the U.S. The cost for caring per patient, and if I’m not mistaken, its more than $0.5 million. By the age of 80, 75% of the patients are in nursing home and this costs more than $100,000 a year. And these are the main element that we consider in our wide engagement on the important topic of price we are getting there, as I said, but too early to give more specifics.
Michel Vounatsos: So we expect many readouts this year. So that's why I qualified the year as being transformative. Even if there is a financial reset, transformative in terms of data readouts which is somehow unprecedented for the company with four Phase 3, and four Phase 2s. And in terms of the largest potential based on epidemiology is certainly MDD and PPD. So we -- for which the late stage, they had positive readouts in randomized studies in PPD, and MDD, and we are hopeful. And beyond those, there is EYLEA [ph] and ALS in Phase 3. But beyond aducanumab, we have this pipeline progressing very well. And the core business is solid, it's resilient and we count on that. Financially, we are sitting on cash and we can continue to complement this pipeline. So there are plenty of reasons to believe.
Michel Vounatsos: Yes. Concerning the launch sequence, we are obviously starting with the most important high-volume centers that are getting ready to treat. And as mentioned earlier, these are hundreds and this is already substantial. Keep in mind that there is an amyloid beta confirmation most probably that will have to be done, and obviously over time we will expand down the pyramid to larger targets.
Michel Vounatsos: So we remain hopeful for SPINRAZA. Again, this is a very important asset. As we said many times, it's an efficacy play, and hopefully with the rates of vaccination, this will be better reflected into the drug utilization rather than a perceived convenience. At the end of the day, the SUNFISH data remains -- the part two of SUNFISH remains, one out of two patients experiencing disease progression and our product remains extremely well documented with broadest label and we continue to invest in innovative research.
Michel Vounatsos: Okay. So we believe 2021 will be a transformative year for Biogen, and I want to thank you all for your attention to our call. Have a good day.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yes. The RESPONSE study and will enroll about 60 patients. It's based on physician determination that RESPONSE is suboptimal based, for example, on CHOP INTEND scores. And in the future, we may also be advocating for other measurements of suboptimal response. But yes, it'll be a 2-year study and we'll look to see whether motor milestones based on scale, such as the Hammersmith score are improved by adding a SPINRAZA.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yes, we've been saying all along that we're under review. And as a normal course, during the review process, there are information requests from FDA. And more recently, we had one that required the submission of additional analyses and clinical data. And that led to a major amendment which led to the PDUFA delay. Beyond that, I don't want to provide too much more detail on to the specifics.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Hi, Umer. Yes. Thank you. Yes, well, we're still enrolling EMBARK. We're partway through enrollment. You're right that the first, as presented at the recent meeting that the first analysis is that 6 months roughly. But some of those issues that you just pointed out are good issues that will need to be addressed in the analytical plan. But, yes, we're still enrolling patients. It's an important study and we should be hopefully completing enrollment soon in the first half or so of this year.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yes, thanks, Cory. Yes, so we will endeavor to provide FDA whatever they asked for in their information request. And if that requires -- looks at trials that are still enrolling or are still ongoing, we will do so. In terms of BIIB092, what we're looking for is an effect on Alzheimer's progression in this largely early stage patients. BIIB092 is -- has shown in Phase 1 trials to have a substantial decrease in extracellular tau. And so -- and the hypothesis is that we're going to block the spread of tau from cell to cell. It's a hypothesis that there's a prime like spread of tau in Alzheimer's disease. So we're going to see over the course of about 1-year, whether or not we affect the progression of Alzheimer's disease using the typical clinical outcome measures.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yes, I think it's helping to support the amyloid hypothesis and supports the concept of targeting amyloid in Alzheimer's disease in the early stages. Lily began working on this antibody, they started publishing on this back in 2012. When they found that to remove preexisting plaque they had to go after -- they had to use an antibody that would get into the -- that would get to the plaque and they showed in animals that the pyroglu-specific anybody achieved that. And they now have confirmed that you get the same thing in humans by amyloid PET imaging. I think it's great to see that they also seem to show an effect on clinical decline. They use a composite measure of ADAS-Cog and IADL, which I think they did because it's a somewhat small study. I think it's like a couple of hundred patients, 200 or 300 patients. And so, they had to use a more sensitive endpoint. But it is composed of endpoints that we all recognize in the Alzheimer's field as being important endpoints for the measurement of the disease. So, I think it adds to the body of evidence that suggests that targeting amyloid with the right antibody to get to the plaque and remove plaque is the right approach.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yes, so MRI is useful for monitoring ARIA, and we do expect that there will be MRI monitoring requirements once aducanumab is approved, if it's approved. But the quantity and the timing will require further discussions with regulators around the world.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yes. This is Al. So aducanumab binds to aggregated forms of a-beta, both soluble oligomers as well as insoluble fibrils. And as such, since both are concentrated in the plaque, aducanumab binds to the plaque. It was actually initially discovered based on amyloid plaque immunoreactivity assay. And by targeting the plaque, it removes amyloid quite efficiently in the brain. Donanemab binds to the pyroglutamated form of a a-beta, which is present early in plaque. It's thought to kind of seize the plaque, if you will, and it forms part of the dense core. So in that way it targets plaque as well. So, different ways of targeting the plaque essentially. In terms of PK, I don't know too much about the PK of donanemab, but I suspect since it's an antibody. It has roughly similar characteristics to other monochrome antibodies, roughly half life of two weeks, et cetera.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yes. Thanks, Robyn. It's going to be interesting. I think it's a large market and I think it'll accommodate multiple therapeutic options, which hopefully will be available for patients. The concept of intermediate dosing or down-dosing perhaps after changing a dose, after plaque removal, is an interesting one. It's something that can be tested and is being evaluated across multiple drugs, aducanumab, BAN2401, as well as donanemab. I would say that one thing is, there's the effect on neurodegeneration with respect to plaque removal, but there may also be other effects, more acute effects. When you listen to patients in particular, you may have heard at the FDA Advisory Committee, that patients seem to have untoward effects after stopping aducanumab, and then they regain some of these benefits after restarting in a relatively short period of time. And that's -- and something similar has been seen with other antibodies, including BAN2401. That second piece maybe something more associated with synaptic function, which may be more associated with the soluble oligomer side of things and I think that will remain to be learned about in future studies.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: No. That's a really good question and I tried to sort of make that point in my prepared comments this morning. But the first generation of antibodies did not really target the amyloid plaque. For example, solanezumab, which was a Lilly antibody, bound to monosoluable monomeric amyloid -- a-beta. And if you read the 2012 paper on the plaque-specific antibody, they were concerned that such an antibody will not get to the plaque and remove plaque, pre-existing plaque. So even while they had solanezumab in development, Lilly began working on a plaque-specific antibody. And so, I think that's what those FDA documents might've been pointing to, that it's not just that you have an anti-amyloid antibody. You have to have those that will target the plaque and remove pre-existing amyloid plaque in patients. I think also bapineuzumab, bapineuzumab was nonselective. It bound to soluble monomeric as well as insoluble aggregated forms of amyloid as well as soluble aggregated. And that led to issues with dosing. And so, I think that's what they meant is perhaps solanezumab and bapineuzumab may not have shown clinical efficacy for these kinds of reasons, but I think we should not assume that this next generation of antibodies that target the plaque better. Look, we all learned from the early studies, right? And so, I think donanemab is another example where those that target the plaque and remove amyloid robustly in humans. And if you study early stage patients, selected for carefully, you will see efficacy.
Michael McDonnell: Yes. So, Marc, good morning. I think it's a couple of points of note. Obviously, we'll gait the spend as best we can in the event that we don't receive approval. You should not expect that we would be able to mitigate 100% of those costs, but we would be able to mitigate a meaningful portion and obviously, we would maximize the amount that we would mitigate. The other point that I would just remind on is that in the U.S., substantially all of the costs that we incur for aducanumab are subject to our agreement with Eisai, which in the U.S is reimbursable at the rate of 45%. And so when you look at the guidance that we gave, the $600 million that's in SG&A, there's about $200 million that would be reimbursable out of that, that would come through on a different line in our P&L on our collaboration sharing line. And the reason why that ratio was a little bit different than you would expect is because the accounting is complex, and it differs a bit pre and post launch. Some of the Eisai reimbursements are actually netted in that $600 million and then the rest come through that collaboration line. But at the end of the day, economically, it is a 45% reimbursement schedule. That's important to remember.
Michael McDonnell: Yes. Thanks very much for the question. And as we said in the prepared remarks, we do believe that we have the ability to grow the company over the longer term. Obviously, aducanumab is the catalyst. But we've also got a lot of other very interesting opportunities. We've got 33 programs, including 10 in Phase 3. As we talked about, 8 readouts in 2021, including four in Phase 3. I would point you to our existing products, which are expanding in a lot of the international markets. Biosimilars, I would say the same. The pipeline is very rich. I think Sage is a great addition and we have others. So, obviously, aducanumab is the catalyst, but we do believe that we have the ability to grow the company for the longer term based on what we have in the pipeline and the other pieces that I just mentioned.
Michael McDonnell: Yes. Not a lot to add to that. I would say that we would describe it as, in the U.S. competition, which is exacerbated by COVID, we are still growing outside of the U.S. Obviously, in a pandemic that makes the idea of an oral more attractive, because you can avoid coming to a health care facility. So, the idea that somebody would switch from an injection to an oral becomes more prominent in our current environment, and conversely it's a little less likely that somebody would switch off of an oral to an injection in that situation. So the impacts that we saw in the fourth quarter in the U.S., we would attribute it all to competition exacerbated by COVID. How much of each is a little bit hard to parse out exactly, but it is both. And I think at the end of the day, the important point is that we continue to really believe in the efficacy of SPINRAZA and its safety profile, and we do believe it will continue to become -- it will remain a very important treatment option, particularly once we get through the pandemic.
