George A. Scangos: Okay. Thank you, Paul. Financially, I'm pleased with where we are so far this year. Our results year to date have been better than expected. We've raised guidance, and we have a new share repurchase program authorized by the board. We've made good progress towards the three focus areas I discussed after the first quarter: careful management of expenses, maximizing revenues, and rapidly advancing the pipeline. As I look forward and think about the future growth of Biogen, I want to stress how those key focus areas will evolve. The team expects to continue managing expenses, but as you know we can't save our way to growth. Maximizing revenues and rapidly advancing the pipeline will become front and center, especially with Michel and Mike now in their respective roles. Michel's four key priorities of portfolio strategy, commercial excellence, medical leadership, and trust and value will be the pillars we use to maximize revenues. And, under Mike's leadership, we intend to reshape the pipeline, rationalize existing programs, and aggressively pursue promising assets, both internally and externally. We believe this focus will help advance more assets through the pipeline and ideally deliver more therapies to patients. At the same time as we're bringing focus and investment to our core area of expertise in neurology, we'll continue to be opportunistic when we see internal and external opportunities to enhance shareholder value. As a result, we've progressed some of the most promising earlier stage assets that we have in our pipeline, even outside of neurology. We've invested in our biosimilar joint venture to leverage our competitive strengths in manufacturing and commercialization. We've chosen to spin off our growing hemophilia business, because we believe it's the right decision to ensure fit and focus. And, as we've announced today, we'll buy back shares when appropriate. So we've delivered strong financial results this quarter while making progress advancing our pipeline and our commercial business. We have a great leadership team and a passionate group of employees who come to work every day to make a positive impact on patients' lives. It's been an honor and privilege to serve this organization as the CEO for the last six years, and I remain committed to leading the company until my successor is identified. I want to take this opportunity to thank all of our employees for their hard work and dedication. And I want to thank you all for joining us this morning. And the operator will now open up the call for questions.
George A. Scangos: Yeah, well, first, let me take that last point first. I don't think the CEO transition affects these goals at all. The company's committed to bolstering the pipeline, and we're working aggressively to do that. And, actually, we would look at deals at all stages of development from pre-clinical through Phase 3. And we are currently doing that. We're in a number of discussions now, and we hope to bring some of those to conclusion. We are focused largely on neurology. That's where we have our core expertise. And I think we believe that the – you can make more sophisticated decisions about things in areas that you understand really in detail. So mainly we're looking in neurology. With Mike's arrival, we have a new person here who's got his own set of expertise, his own views on things. And I would say we wouldn't rule out things outside of neurology, but the bar gets higher as they get further from our center of excellence. As Mike put it yesterday, we want to have kind of laser vision, but we don't want to have tunnel vision. We want to be open to things that are interesting and can provide shareholder value.
George A. Scangos: Well, look, the company now is a very different company from what it was a few years ago. We have a full and excellent management team. We have a pipeline that is, I think, quite exciting but needs to grow. So I think the company needs good management. I think the strategy of the company is solid. And what we need is good leadership and somebody who can work with the people who are here – work with Michel, maximize the commercial potential, work with Mike, maximize the potential of our pipeline, grow the pipeline, and can work with the rest of the organization to ensure that we go forward in a way that is responsible, where we minimize expenses but that where we invest aggressively in those areas that really have the potential to add value. So being CEO is complicated, and I think those are the priorities I would set. Of course the search will be conducted by the board, but I don't think they would view it too differently. I think there'll be a continued focus on innovation, and I'm confident we'll get someone excellent.
George A. Scangos: Okay. With that, thank you all for joining us this morning. Thanks for the questions, and we'll sign off now.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr.: Hey. So yeah, I mean, if – it makes sense that the number of patients is roughly the same. Our plan is to introduce the safety data, the tolerability data from the titration. But – and efficacy is an exploratory endpoint. I'm sure at some scientific meeting we'll be able to disclose that for completeness' sake. And in terms of enrollment, we're not really commenting on it except to say that we're pleased and that things are on track and we hope to update you more on that in the future.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr.: This is Al, Whitney, and we like the idea of combinations. I think one day we will be using combination therapies for Alzheimer's disease. One of the reasons why we brought in BACE inhibitor into our pipeline with our collaboration with Eisai, the reason why we have tau programs internally and that we're in search of even other things potentially to add to the mix is based on, in part, on that belief, that combination could be helpful. And you can think of it in two ways. One is to combine two drugs, each of which are active, to increase the efficacy overall, or to reduce the dose of two active therapies so that you get better safety or tolerability for the same efficacy. And also there may be sequential treatments where you start early, perhaps even before symptoms, with one type of medicine and then treat with something else when you have a high plaque burden, and then something else still when tau starts to progress. When you start to think about combination therapy, though, it's often difficult to do the right studies without some evidence of efficacy of each drug as monotherapy. And then you can start to think about the right dosing regimen. And so I hope that's helpful.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr.: Yeah, Michael, thanks for the question. So first I want to say this is a really large and rich data set. Really the first of its kind, not only in MS, but to my knowledge, in neurology where we're in the early stages of figuring out how to repair the brain and how to measure measurements of – outcome measures of repair. The things we're focusing on right now when we look at this rich data set are what are the right cohort of patients to treat? In this trial, we looked at relapsing MS patients all the way to secondary progressives. So it's a wide range of patients. What's the optimal cohort? What's the right dose? We studied four different doses, and we saw a complex dose-response curve. What we actually saw was a sort of a bell-shaped curve where we lost efficacy at the highest dose, and in the middle doses we think we see a signal of efficacy. And so we'll share some of that at ECTRIMS. What's the right concomitant medicine to use? We envision that these repair therapies will be added to immunomodulators, and so we'll be looking at that. And, in particular, whether ongoing inflammation in the brain impedes repair. And finally how do we actually measure the effects of repair if it occurs, particularly on clinical outcome measures? So some of these questions will be answered by doing further analyses, which we're in the middle of doing right now intensively. And we'll share whatever we find out at ECTRIMS, and some may need another study. And so what we're honing in on is what's the next step? What's the next study? And obviously this will be a judicious investment. If we can go to Phase 3, we would try. I don't know until I see the specific design. It could be a Phase 2, it could be a Phase 3, it could be a Phase 2/3. And that part we probably won't be able to share at ECTRIMS, but sometime soon we hope to be able to share that.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the question. And let me start with ocre, and Paul will comment on the other part of the question. First, I would like to say that we are very pleased and we applaud any new innovation in MS, for which we have contributed, we contribute, and we continue to invest in our pipe. So this is a great news for patients in need, that there are still gaps in therapy. And I think this is a great news, and Roche's results on PPMS is even more encouraging. So we are very happy about that. Having said that, we have a strong presence in the high-efficacy segment of the market. And this is basically a market trend where we can see that basically providers are treating earlier – and physicians – treating earlier, more aggressively. And TYSABRI is holding a very strong position in the highest efficacy segment, and ZINBRYTA will come and will complement this presence here. So I anticipate that ocre will be playing into this segment also, and we will see how it plays. But, for the time being, there is no risk-benefit assessment. So we have to be very cautious before talking. So I'll wait to see regulator stands, but I would say the first approach from, again, a humble but leadership position is to take care of our assets and elevate the capability of the organization, and the four capabilities that we are launching will just do that.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you for the great question. You know, in my 25 years' experience around the world, I have never seen such a situation whereby we have five or six assets in the same therapy area. The 20 years of very solid – unique, I would say – experience in MS, a solid portfolio today. A solid pipeline. A remarkable group of talent with clinical experience and scientific experience within the company. So it's a leadership position on interferons, a leadership position on orals. A leadership position on high-efficacy products. So this is a remarkable situation. And on top of that we are launching ZINBRYTA. So the dynamic is very good. Having said that, when you peel the onion and you get to discover the opportunity and the operations, you find ways to do better. And this is why together with the team we have prioritized four key areas, portfolio management, five, six assets in the same therapy area. It's a challenge on how to manage that well. Commercial excellence, medical leadership, trust and value. And I believe that, with those, we'll be able to make a further difference. Geographically, also, we can see that some parts are better managed than others. And I have already started to make some decisions. We don't wait. And you can expect that more will come. So this is what I would like to say – and, you know, the portfolio management doesn't mean that all the products will be resourced and promoted equally. It's all about the growth opportunity, the way that you outline. And this is where there will be a clear, I would say, alignment between those, resource allocation, and execution.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Paul. This is Michel. If I can add – I mean, at the outset, and I was not here, the main objective was increase awareness, and I think that this was achieved. But I didn't see any inflection on any trends. We need to circle back to the alignment of the organization on four priorities for which we need to have some very strict resource allocation decisions, and I don't think that broadcast TV will be there in the foreseeable future.
Michel Vounatsos: So this is Michel. Thanks for the great question. So as you have seen, two great companies came together with complementary capabilities in order to launch anti-TNFs to get started with, and then we see what is the follow-up opportunities. So as far as Biogen involved together with the partners, we have launched the products; the three anti-TNFs for which we have the agreement on, two out of the three are approved and on the way to be launched. The preliminary results are very encouraging. As you can imagine, there is a tremendous level of variation – variability between countries in terms of tendering, in terms of [aggressivity of petition] in terms of provider decision-making, and it's difficult to take an overall, I would say, recipe on how to best launch. What I can say is that the three anti-TNFs that we'll have the opportunity to launch will be addressing a current market that is higher than $9 billion in Europe. So this is significant. And with Biogen quality. So we have put together a standalone BU that is flexible, agile, in order to launch the product, and we learn country after country. Today, mostly in the Nordics and Scandinavia, where we have had very, very good results. But, as I said earlier, it's still early to comment much on the results that are negligible for 2016 but will be more important moving forwards.
Michel Vounatsos: So on the levers and the performance, 12% growth Q-over-Q is not bad. The share continues to grow to 15% globally, is also pretty good, mostly driven by the newly launched markets in Europe, 40% patient growth percentage is also very encouraging. I have, from my field visits and from talking to leaders, identified one major issue, which is the discontinuation due to GI safety. Those patients during the first phase on the product are suffering, for some of them, on abdominal pain, diarrhea, discomfort, that is leading, in some cases, with very high level of variability, to discontinue the product. And this impacts not only the outflow but eventually the inflow. Variability is tremendous. I was in the field lately, and on the Eastern coast in the U.S., 1.5% of the patient discontinued at six months. In some others, it was 30%. So, with Mike Ehlers, we are fully aligned in order to work together with the community, with the physicians, with peer to peer in order to best assist, best educate, and bring down an average which is at 20% today to lower levels.
Paul J. Clancy: Geoff, this is Paul on the price versus volume question. I think the way you framed it is probably pretty accurate, is that it's a tale of two cities. In the United States, the lion's share from a change year-over-year basis is price, and is pretty stable unit trends on TECFIDERA, pretty stable unit trends on TYSABRI and modest, gradual decline on the interferon franchise. Ex-United States, we are not seeing any pricing on a year-over-year basis, and all of the gains are attributable to volume and unit expansion. TYSABRI is holding well outside the United States, as well as the interferon business. And we continue to, in a small way, penetrate some markets and get some accretive benefits of things, even outside of Europe. And TECFIDERA continues to expand on a year-over-year basis and gaining market share, particularly as we are moving into relatively early launch timing in Southern European countries and having very good success in the UK.
Paul J. Clancy: Yeah, great question, Eric. Thanks. It was, as I noted, unexpected that it is not actually related – despite it is on the recombinant interferon beta protein, it's actually not the same. It has to do with JFCR. In the Q this afternoon, we'll actually have the patent number for you. I just actually don't have it handy for myself, and it's a mid-single digit royalty. We aren't disclosing the name of the third party, but – so just a third party at this point in time. And we expect it will be $50 million impact, all in the second half, effectively, and will be a bigger impact as we go into 2017 on a full-year basis. The '755 patent, we continue to feel like that was a – despite its – was like back to 2009, when it was issued, but we still feel and we're still in litigation with other parties on that. But there's a chance that we're coming towards the end of that process; hope for something favorable.
Paul J. Clancy: Geoff, the beginning part of your question is – yeah, just to confirm, we have sunsetted the television campaign as it relates to TECFIDERA. I think our – I mean, look, it was a innovative – I'd applaud our organization for thinking about it and giving it a try. I think that our judgment at this point is that it didn't have a discernible movement on scripts. And potentially came – this more, as much from anecdotal – with some drawbacks as well. Michel actually confirmed his – from his perspective that there quite possibly is much other levers that are still like DTC-related and multichannel-related that we can reallocate resources toward. So I think that's probably our learnings in a nutshell. We didn't run the test case, so we'll see what – but I think that's our learnings.
Paul J. Clancy: Ronny, this is Paul. Thanks for the second part of that question. It's a good catch. I think the answer is that we absolutely saw our insurance dynamics mostly impact AVONEX in the first quarter. And we're pleased to see that that choppiness settled out and benefited the second quarter results. Don't expect it to be a meaningful difference for the balance of year now.
Paul J. Clancy: Yeah, thanks, Chris. It's Paul; I'll talk the first part. It's quite simply, I think we're at a – pretty normal inventory levels on TECFIDERA, so it's really just a sequential quarter rebalancing off of the seasonal low that we generally see in Q1.
