Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Mike. Biogen continue to demonstrate resilience and strong execution in the third quarter of the year, providing a solid foundation for the Company as we make progress on the ADUHELM launch ahead of the important data releases and publications in addition to the NCD decision for the class of anti-amyloid antibodies anticipated next April. We believe ADUHELM will have present a significant step in the fight against Alzheimer's disease, as the first FDA -approved treatment to adverse defined pathology of the disease, which is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit. We know that patients suffering right now from the disease, and it is those patients we keep in mind as we work to support access. In fact, at the CTAD meeting next month, we'll be presenting an analysis showing that without access, everyday that passes we estimate that over a thousand Americans move from mild to moderate Alzheimer's dementia, and therefore may no longer be appropriate for initiation of treatment with ADUHELM. As many have observed, our current sytem so far falls short in diagnosing and intervening in the disease. In addition, Alzheimer's disease is a particularly acute issue of inequality as African Americans are up to 3 times more likely and Latin X individuals are 1.5 times more likely to have Alzheimer's disease when compared to others. We understand the seriousness of the issue and that inclusion of under-represented population in drug development is often low, including in our Alzheimer's clinical trial. We also know that we have work to do and a role to play in correcting this. For that reasons the design of ICARE AD, our real-world Phase IV observational study of ADUHELM, aims to include at least 16% of the trial's expected enrollment from Black, African American, and Latin X patients. In closing, I would like to thank our employees around the world who have demonstrated a dedication to making a positive impact on patient's lives and all of the physicians, caregivers, and participants in our clinical development programs. Our ability to deliver medicines to patients could not be realized without the passion and commitment. We will now open the call for questions.
Michel Vounatsos: Absolutely, it's running to -- it's -- actually the first priority that we have is to basically educate the community based on additional data on the current data communicated and additional data that we're going to communicate and publish in the near future. They also expect to see a full publication in peer reviewed journal. And sometimes, this is brought forward, but also the worry is the financial release dividends or the lack of. So those issues are interrelated. I will ask Alisha to say a bit more.
Michel Vounatsos: We believe, Robyn, that evidence not only coming from ADU but also potentially from all the anti-amyloid products will represent a significant body of evidence for those who are initiating and challenging the amyloid. And we are also very encouraged by the data on ADUHELM. We continue to spend very strong behind our data. That's why it was really in dispute 2 or 3 times. So more to come.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Mike and Michael. And as you know, we are advocating for PET reimbursement since many months and Alisha, will provide more color on the different options. Alisha, in terms of NCD,
Michel Vounatsos: And importantly, Cory, you'll remember that at launch, day 1, we did give the hand to decision-makers for innovative contract, for price falling but limited to on a voluntary basis in order to secure sustainability. And remember, it's not 6 million patients, even not one to choose, it's a portion of those that will be gradually treated. So we did offer that and decision-makers and TMS are aware, but now it's the NCD process. So we stepped back and we respect this process. But the offer is out there. Next question.
Michel Vounatsos: What is important is that eventually we will be in a position to transform the management of major depressive disorders and postpartum depression. And for the time being, we're driven by science, readouts and the addition date that we get, I must admit that we didn't have yet a discussion on price while I know that the team starts to build data and market research, evidence to be ready should the data confirm. But we are pleased with the 3 placebo control results going into the same direction.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the great question. We stay the course as a Company clearly, because it's as if we were in a delayed pre -launch -- in an extended pre -launch period before the launch. And we stayed the course. Obviously we are staging the spent very closely. Mike and I and the team are scrutinizing the investments request coming from all around the world. So we want to be extremely vigilant and we are but we stay the course because we do believe in our data, we do believe in additional data coming up, and we do believe that the system will adjust and it's a matter of maybe of time. You saw on the slide presented that maybe it's a clear process. We are not far from being there and so we stay the course.
Michel Vounatsos: And it's a pre -launch somehow -- extended pre -launch but we're encouraged by the progress, 120 centers that are enhancing ADUHELM and this is more than double than months ago, Alisha. So there is a lot of progress and if there are some large institutions that deny it, they want more data and we'll be there in a few weeks. So it's a process that's unfortunately taking longer than we expected but we have to be resilient and the signal we want to send that we believe because we know the data and we see the progress. So that's our perfect time.
Michel Vounatsos: So we do believe that the uptake will certainly accelerate once the system has indication of potential coverage in January and then the final decision in April. But I don't expect that this uptake to be explosive at the same time. I don't expect this to be linear. We believe there will be an acceleration non-linear of the uptake because the patient journey is still long. And while we make tremendous progress and beyond the 120 centers, hundreds are progressing towards listing the product. It's a very gradual process. But we won't say more at this stage about the number of patients, but we'll have the opportunity to come back.
Michel Vounatsos: So we are delighted to see Lecanemab coming along strong with the -- it reached data base after ADUHELM and more than 600 patients, but it's only a Phase 2. So we need to see the Phase III. But it's certainly very positive and reinforcing and the line model faction and signals will have the opportunity and the luxury to have two assets. Importantly, I want to reiterate that we stand by the data for ADUHELM because we know the data, we see the data, we see the new data, and we have every confidence in the profile and the benefit in products for the long run. Now, with Leca, it's even a stronger position, but we need to wait for additional data. Al.
Michel Vounatsos: I'm not sure people will look solely at the incident as if we're doing that for SMA or for HIV. I think Al will comment on that. We continue to stand behind the data and we believe the long-term prospects are significant in terms of value creation. We believe the competition will enlarge the market and the being so large that there is room for four actors and out of the four we have two and two global play also. And we're not panicking because -- it's not because the there is delaying in the U.S. because there is a process. The system is not ready. Evidently we can see that, but it's a long way to go. Al.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you so much for attending the call today, Biogen delivered a very strong quarter again, the base business is solid. We're making some progress for as you can imagine, for ADUHELM, despite the short-term challenges we face. So what the key is the outlook and the mid-to-longer-term. We have a path forward for Zuranolone and we're getting prepared to launch Biosimilars of recently you see in the US in a few months from now. Thank you very much for attending the call exciting at Biogen.
Alisha Alaimo: Thank you, Michel, and thank you, Robyn, for the question. This is actually not an exact science and what we believe in what we're hearing is that the majority of prescribers actually fall into a combination of two categories. The first is going to be around the benefit risk profile, which of course you are reading about and the question refers to in the second is also what we referred to, which is the hesitancy due to the NCD analysis. However, there are a meaningful portion of prescribers that are still undecided. So those are some of the headlines. We do have a very large bucket that haven't made a decision one way or another. And this is why we have multiple teams working every single day and working very hard to help educate sites in HCP in our clinical data, and on the reimbursement pathways, which you know are very complex. And Michel references also in his opening statements, but we're working with urgency because the cost of doing nothing is also well understood. And Michel mentioned that we estimate that a thousand patients a day advanced in their Alzheimer's journey, from mild to moderate AD, and they may no longer be appropriate for ADUHELM. So we are really committed to being a part of the solution. And that's what motivates us each and every day. And as soon as we get more data, we will be sure to share it because we understand where the question is coming from. So thank you.
Alisha Alaimo: Yeah.Thank you, Michel and thank you Michael for your question. So it's important to remember as we've stated that then NCD is not only for ADUHELM, right. It's going to be for the entire class of monoclonal antibodies that target amyloid for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. Now, we can't actually speculate on the outcome of the NCD analysis. But as you know, we do believe it will be a major milestone and this will alleviate a lot of the confusion that we're seeing with physicians. However, there are 5 potential outcomes and I think the 3 that people mostly talked about, are most interested in, are one being a new coverage decision. The second is going to be coverage with evidence, which we call CED, and the other will be coverage with restrictions. And if you look at history and you look in the past over the last past 20 years, there's only been 12 that have gone through this process. One was a non-coverage, one was an off-label for CED, and the other ten were basically covered indication. So even though we can't really comment on it, we are in this rigorous process, we are replying to them anytime that they need additional data. But just remember that all manufacturers are in this process together.
Alisha Alaimo: Yes. Thank you, Michel. And thank you Cory, for the question. And Michel 's absolutely right. While price is always an important factor for sites and for patients, what I can share with you is that we have not heard that price is the primary driver for any decision not to treat patients. In fact, the headwind that we're facing are the ones Michel has mentioned and that you clearly also read in the press every day and you probably see when you are reporting with your analysts reports. But as with other therapies, if patients think they might face difficulty affording ADUHELM, we do have financial assistance programs that are available that can help these patients. So if reimbursement or affordability or potential concerns, we hope that our programs can provide really a potential pathway for them because we do believe that a lack of financial means should not be a barrier for patients to access ADUHELM.
Alisha Alaimo: Yes. So thank you for the question, Phil. And I think when you take a step back and you look at the activated sites, that you know were right around 120 or more, and we do have several 100 that are in queue on this journey, right? So we're giving you a number that talks about the activated site, which means one patient's been infused. But it doesn't capture all the sites that are going to these multiple steps. The operational challenges are still the same. and when you really look at this, I mean being first and being a pioneer in this space has been overwhelming for the system and for these sites. They've never had a drug like this, ever for their patients. And writing their protocols, having to go through all the steps of finding where will they do an MRI, where -- how will they do the lumbar puncture and where they do their infusions has been taking them some time. I was talking to a couple of sites just last week and they've been trying to do this since June. So it's been taking them several months to get up and running. But when you think about our original strategy, which was focusing on the sites where the majority of our patient population have already been diagnosed, you do remember that over 900 sites were ready. So we believe that once we of course, get our additional data out, we share our data and the NCD outcome is finalized, those are going to be the majority of the sites that we will continue to focus on to get them up and running, and get patients through the system.
Al Sandrock: Yes. Thanks, Mark. It is a paradigm shift in a different way of thinking for psychiatrists. So there will be a lot of education necessary, assuming we do get approval. I think that though that the current standard of care is to use SSRIs or SNRIs that takes weeks, if not more than a month for them to work and in patients stay on them chronically, often with side effects. And that's not a great situation. And the reason why people stay on them chronically is because there's slow onset of action. So having a two-week treatment course where you can then take the drug as needed is a very different way of thinking. And I think would be attractive to many treating physicians. And the fact that its rapid onset allows people to give the two-week treatment and wait for the next as-needed treatment because they know, they can be reassured that within three days of starting they see efficacy -- they will see efficacy in their patients. It is a different way of thinking, but I think it's very, very exciting.
Al Sandrock: I think it's very important, Matthew, because as has already been stated, doctors are uncertain about the benefit risk. And as Michel said, the data that comes not only from aducanumab, but from all of these anti-A beta antibodies that share the characteristic of being able to greatly reduce amyloid burden. That'll be very important. The difference -- there are more similarities and differences between aducanumab and Lecanemab both bind to aggregated forms of A beta, both reduce amyloid plaque burden quite substantially. The differences are that there's no titration needed for Lecanemab. And the rates of ARIA up at the at the present time do seem to be low. We'll find out in the Phase III study, but they seem to be lower than the rates of ARIA with
Al Sandrock: Yeah, I agree. In my experienced things look really, really good after Phase II sometimes. But then Phase III, it's a larger study, more sites, more countries, and so I think, time will tell. And then of course we will get the label, so I agree with Michel.
Al Sandrock: I think underlying your question is the possibility I think that you've proposed, that you could stop treatment after a certain period of time. And I refer you to the beautiful data generated by my colleagues today shown at the AAIC, where they took their Phase 2 trial patients and there was a treatment GAAP and they looked at them in there in the follow-on study. And during that treatment gap even though the amyloid plaque burden remained low in those in which amyloid plaque had been removed by Lecanemab, that during that treatment gap, A-beta 42 to 40 ratio changed slowly over that period, suggesting that there are changes going on biologically, related to the amyloid pathway during that gap period. So I think the jury is still out on whether or not chronic treatment is needed. And I think that remains to be studied and we look forward to providing more data on that.
Mike McDonnell: Aducanumab and it's given every two weeks. And look, the design of the Phase 3 trial to your question is very similar to the design of the aducanumab Phase 3 trials. For example, the primary endpoint is CDR sum of boxes, which is the established clinical efficacy measure for this disease.
Mike McDonnell: Yes, Jeff, it's a great question. And I would describe it as a gating process. We continue to believe in the long-term potential of ADUHELM. And at the same time because of the delays, we're going to gate the spend. So we're still making a meaningful investment to the tune of an estimate of $500 million of SG&A call it 350 net of reimbursement in 2021. The Capex, some of that does tie to facilities to support ADUHELM and we're gaining that. Most of the reduction in our Capex guidance ties to timing and we're also managing a challenge global supply chain right now a little bit. So we're going to be prudent and we're going to gate, but we're going to continue to be ready at the moment in time and invest aggressively. But at the same time being prudent in gating, as we go.
Mike McDonnell: So I will take the first part of the question, Umer. We're not guiding today for 2022, but I would say a couple of things. We did say that we expect minimal revenue throughout the rest of 2021. We are expecting still our revenue ramp in 2022 post - NCD assuming it is successful and that would be in April. So that should give you some sense for the first quarter. We're in a bit of a delay until that happens. We don't have great visibility to patient counts, which is why we don't comment on the publicly, but we did give you -- what we can say that the sites are continuing to progress. We're at approximately 120 sites now that have infused at least one patient, which is more than double what it was about six weeks ago. And we're going to continue to monitor those metrics and we'll ramp it as quickly as we can. But because of all the pieces, that does cause a bit of a delay and then the other important thing to remember is titration. So to the extent that we get through a successful NCD, there is still patient titration and dosing levels that need to ramp up. And so the revenue ramp is going to be gradual. But the important takeaway is that over the long-term we continue to leave that as a very meaningful multi-billion opportunity.
Mike McDonnell: And then on the band pricing that's something obviously we'll determine at the appropriate time and something that we'll be thoughtful about on. I'm not sure there's a whole lot more we can say about it at this stage, but we continue to progress the process there and we are pleased with the initiation of the rolling submission there.
