Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Mike. In summary, 2021 was an eventful year for Biogen. ADUHELM is now the first FDA-approved treatment targeting a defining pathology of Alzheimer’s disease. But as we all know, this is a complex disease, which will require continued investment in research over the years to come. ADUHELM is an important first step, and we remain focused on advancing our leading portfolio with the goal of further addressing the remaining unmet needs for patients. We hope that over time, we will be able to bring additional impactful treatment options, which will build on the scientific learnings from ADUHELM similar to the waves of innovation we have seen in oncology. Before I conclude, let me touch on Biogen’s strong commitment to corporate responsibility, climate, health and equity are deeply integrated challenges that demand bold action, and that’s why we are working to advance a healthier, more sustainable and equitable world. Through our Signature initiative, Healthy Climate, Healthy Lives and other efforts, our goal is to create new ways of doing business that positively impact the way we live and the way we deliver for patients. We are proud that our leadership actions and transparency in this area has been recognized recently by the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index, Corporate Knights Global 100 and Just 100. Through this work, we aim to create shareholder value by meeting the needs of our patients, employees, the environment and the communities we serve. In closing, I would like to reiterate that we are committed to engaging with CMS and other stakeholders with the hope of finding an appropriate path forward for the patients in excess of ADUHELM.  We will now open the call for questions.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the question. As you know, we have a strong balance sheet, and we are continuously looking at how we can deliver long-term shareholder value. So, we are actively working on some business development opportunities to enrich our pipeline, complement our portfolio in line with our strategy. And we will look at the deals based on their own merits, and we are working on that.
Michel Vounatsos: And Robyn, if I may, an important consideration is now that we can create more value with our biosimilars portfolio, more products, more geographies.
Michel Vounatsos: And so Mike, in your question on the cost measures, as we said in our prepared remarks, our guidance does assume that the final NCD would allow for meaningful patient access over time that does not translate into material revenue in, but it would create a more open access than what we saw in the draft. Should that not be the case, we are doing scenario planning now. On the cost measures, we mentioned our plan of a $500 million cost measure, of which we estimate we will get $350 million in 2022, which is assumed in our guidance, and we will invest about $200 million of that in a variety of different initiatives, including product launches. And in the event that we have a much more restrictive NCD, we will need to look at the elements of that. We certainly will be flexible in looking at allocating resources between ADUHELM and lecanemab. We mentioned in our SG&A, it’s assumed that we have a $400 million ADUHELM support estimate, and we obviously would take a hard look at that as well other costs we could take out in order to offset any potential impacts on inventory potential write-downs and excess capacity charges, which are not reflected in our guidance.
Michel Vounatsos: Sure, Matthew. Thanks for the question. And there is a – we believe there is the potential for generic entry at some point in the first half of 2022. We do believe that we are entitled to market protection, and we are certainly going to do all we can to assert that. But we did reflect in our guidance, as we mentioned, in our opening remarks and in our press release that we do assume that there could be some generic entry somewhere in the first half of 2022.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the very fair question. As I have communicated, we will remain as a team, agile and flexible. And obviously, we will do everything we can to preserve our operating results while delivering on the strategy. We do believe in leca, but we will take some aggressive steps should the NCD remain on the current form.
Michel Vounatsos: No. I mean it’s a continuation of the very good partnership that we have with Genentech since rituximab, and we have benefited from a remarkable cash flow contribution that we all appreciate and even now, even with our biosimilars. So, it’s a continuation. It’s not a shift of strategy. I communicated the four pillars of growth, and we remain focused on those. And we believe that we are set for long-term shareholder value generation by sticking – by staying the course and delivering on those.
Michel Vounatsos: So, I think that we all have to do a better job, including diverse population, unfortunately affected with a high level of incidence for the disease in interventional studies and real-world studies. And this is what we are doing. And I think – I hope that this will be well received by CMS. And we did communicate that for the ENVISION study, we aim to reach from 16% to 18% of diverse population, the same in real world with ICARE AD. So moving forward, we will gather much more data, and the same for the other real world evidence opportunities that we are sharing with CMS.
Michel Vounatsos: I just want to outline once more that we are working very closely with Eisai at finding synergies in terms of capabilities of both organizations and how we can optimize the value for both compounds.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Salim, for giving me the opportunity to answer this question. I will invite you to look at all the BD deals that were performed during the past 5 years versus the previous 5 years. And I think this will give you an idea about the alignment, but it doesn’t mean that it’s an easy road. It means that we have challenges management. We really need to have open discussion between the Board and management to secure that we are in the best position to allocate capital, but we were able and we continue to be able to work together in order to move forward the organization in the best strategic position the way we believe we are today compared with the period before. Look at the four pillars of growth, look what we are doing with biosimilars, we are enriching the cash flow generation opportunity. And even if we are in the unfortunate situation of losing rituximab and TECFIDERA and a delay launch by almost a year eventually, if NCD is positive for ADUHELM, we are still in a multibillion cash flow generation opportunity. We work together very closely. So, thank you all for this good engagement. And I would like really to reiterate that we are committed to engaging with CMS and all the other stakeholders with the hope of finding an appropriate path for immediate patient access to ADUHELM. Thank you all for your attention today.
Mike McDonnell: And I will just add to that, Robyn. I mean as we have said in our prepared remarks, we are pleased with the transaction. It represents a very attractive return relative to the capital that we invested. And the first priority will be to get the transaction closed, as you saw in the release around the deal. The proceeds will come in gradually over time. And so the first priority would be to get the transaction closed and we will continue to explore all of our options around BD deals of all sizes and we will continue our share buyback program as well. And the pipeline remains robust. We look at a lot of opportunities, and we have an extremely healthy balance sheet, as Michel said, and this will only make it healthier.
Mike McDonnell: And Mike as a closing comment, if I may. As a company, we are fully committed to deliver on this data being the international study being the real world ones. And we believe that this extensive data generation will adequately address any open question raised by CMS.
Mike McDonnell: So, this is assumption driven at the same time for – at the same time, as already communicated, we are launching VUMERITY in 20 markets within the EU.
Mike McDonnell: And I think, Marc, I would just add that the – how much of our infrastructure we would allocate to lecanemab versus not, etcetera, that really depends on what the final NCD says. It’s across the entire class, and that would really depend on the specifics of how the final NCD reads. I would say on BD, we will continue our BD efforts regardless. Those are ongoing, and they are always ongoing.
Mike McDonnell: Yes, Jason, thanks for the question. It’s Mike speaking. And just reiterating a bit of what we said before. We are constantly looking at options around deals of all sizes, different opportunities, early stage, late stage across. It runs the gamut, primarily focused on neuroscience, which is our focus. And we will continue to do that, and we will continue to invest in our pipeline, and that is regardless of the outcome on the NCD and it’s regardless of the fact that we have now incremental cash if we get the – once the Samsung transaction closes. So, I think we have a healthy balance sheet. That’s unchanged, $4.7 billion of cash and marketable securities at the end of the year, a modest amount of net debt less than one turn, and we have a $1 billion revolver that’s undrawn. So, we will continue to actively pursue BD. That strategy is unchanged, and I don’t see a significant shift in strategy in terms of NCD outcome or Samsung transaction or anything else. We will continue to explore all of our options around BD actively, and we are doing that.
Priya Singhal: Thank you for the question. So, just stepping back, I just want to reiterate that Clarity AD will read out in Q3 this year, and we remain very excited about that outcome. I cannot really comment on the details of the statistical analysis plan. But what I can tell you is that any learnings that can be incorporated have been incorporated and that the primary endpoint remains the CDR sum of boxes. So, we look forward to the readout. Thank you.
Priya Singhal: Yes. Thank you for the question. I think that Eisai will comment on the underrepresented population percentage, but it is actually very robust, and we are very encouraged by the efforts made to include this population in the Clarity AD. With regards to the outcome of the NCD and how it might impact lecanemab, I think that, that remains to be seen currently. It is a class – the NCD is addressing the entire class, but we believe that there is hope at the end of the road here. So, we look forward to seeing the final outcome in April. Thank you.
Priya Singhal: Thank you for the question, and thanks, Michel, for those comments. We will definitely be building on our prior learnings in ADUHELM subcutaneous formulation development. And we are currently engaging with regulators on having a robust plan forward for this development. So, that is ongoing. Thank you.
Priya Singhal: Yes. And I think that it’s been managed really well. So, I don’t expect any delays in terms of the readouts. And I think your second question was about accelerated approval. As you know, they have breakthrough – we have breakthrough designation on this product. And there will be a filing. We are intent on filing. The filing many components have already been filed. And once the filing is complete, that will be communicated I think that the most important thing to remember here is that while it might go in as an accelerated filing, the confirmatory study for lecanemab is the Clarity AD, which will read out this year. So, I do expect the Clarity AD conformatory study to read out during the review period for this program. I hope that clarifies.
