Michel Vounatsos: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. This is an exciting time for Biogen. In addition to key developments across our pipeline, which includes 12 programs in Phase 3 are filed, we continue to execute progress, and we are pleased to be raising our full year financial guidance. I would like to begin by reviewing the important advances we made this quarter and what we believe they mean for Biogen. Priya will then review our recent progress in R&D, and Mike will discuss our third quarter performance. First, together with Eisai, we were excited to announce the positive results from CLARITY AD, the Phase 3 study of lecanemab in early Alzheimer's disease. For over 15 years, Biogen has been working relentlessly to bring forward new therapeutics in Alzheimer's disease, incorporating both new insights in disease biology and clinical trial design. And today, we celebrate the positive CLARITY AD readout as a significant achievement in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. The results from Clarity AD illustrated several key aspects of lecanemab's clinical profile, which we believe could provide a meaningful benefit for patients. First, lecanemab administration showed a highly statistically significant reduction in clinical decline as early as six months, which expanded over the 18-month study period on an absolute basis, consistent with the disease-modifying effect. Second, the study was positive on all key secondary endpoints. This includes merger of cognition as well as activities of daily living such as conducting personal finances, performing household tasks, and independently traveling out of home. Third, the rate of area in Clarity AD, was within expectations. With an FDA decision on accelerated approval expected by January 6 of next year, and Eisai's plan to file for traditional approval in the US, EU and Japan by the end of Q1 2023, lecanemab has the potential to be the first globally approved treatment to slow the progression of Alzheimer's disease. We look forward to working with Eisai as they continue to engage both regulators and CMS with a goal of ensuring that people with Alzheimer's disease have access to important new treatments. We believe that, Clarity AD results underscore the progress we are making in the fight against Alzheimer's. But Biogen will not stop here. We plan to build upon our current learning's as we continue to advance a diversified pipeline of potential Alzheimer's treatment. This includes two clinical-stage assets targeting tau pathology, BIIB080, our Phase 2 ready antisense oligonucleotide and BIB113, a Phase 1 small molecule. The pre-owned Alzheimer's Biogen has important opportunities in other therapeutic areas, where the unmet medical need remains significant. This includes depression where, together with Sage, we are continuing to advance the regulatory filing for zuranolone in both major depressive disorders, and postpartum depression, with a novel mechanism of action, efficacy observed as early as three days, and a consistent safety and tolerability profile across eight clinical studies, we believe that zuranolone, if approved, could be a meaningful new therapy for depression. Second, the FDA has accepted our filing for tofersen in SOD1-ALS under the accelerated approval pathway, and granted priority review. While the study did not meet the primary endpoint at six months, longer follow-up has shown that patients who remain on tofersen experienced a slow rate of decline in key clinical measures, including lung functions, muscle strength and quality of life. We are truly encouraged by these results in such a debilitating and fatal disease, and look forward to an FDA decision expected by April of next year. We believe this near-term opportunities, along with new launches of biosimilars, have the potential to drive renewed growth and position us to have five key franchises by 2025. Furthermore, we see the potential for additional growth drivers in the mid to late 2020s in areas such as Parkinson's disease, lupus and stroke, all with programs currently in Phase 3. Overall, we believe that we had an inflection point in CNS drug discovery and development, and these recent developments embody key advancements that are being made in neuroscience. For years, Biogen has been expanding our expertise and capabilities in this area, and we believe that we are well positioned to remain a leader in neuroscience as we work to usher in the new next wave of CNS therapeutics while also advancing our portfolio in specialized immunology where we have four late-stage studies in lupus. I will now turn the call over to Priya for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.
Michel Vounatsos: So, as Priya said very eloquently, neurodegeneration takes more prominence in our privatization process, and we are in a position to lead in AD, and we are looking at actively at all the targets and assets we could acquire, but also beyond.
Michel Vounatsos: So we'll be all-in on lecanemab [ph], together with the great partners that we have, and we will do everything we can to secure access of the product to the patients after regulatory process. Nevertheless, the Clarity AD reinforces the finding that removing aggregated form of a beta [ph] in the brain can be associated with the slowing down of the cognitive decline. And this is very important, and this is what we have shown with ADU, and we have patients currently being dosed on the EMBARK study. And Priya will say more with that.
Michel Vounatsos: And I will say -- and if I may, I will say that we have a new process ahead of us. What we thought a couple of years ago is that an accelerated will mean product launch, and this was not the case. So, here now, we have a new process that was outlined and then we'll be very much controlled in the way we spend the company's resource to scale up.
Michel Vounatsos: So Eisai has the lead in engaging regulators and payers. And from what we know is that Eisai has already initiated engagement with CMS. So they're responsible for this activity. And at this stage, I will not provide more details. But the engagement is there, which is the most important.
Michel Vounatsos: And if I may add on the mind share, the epidemiology is so large. There is so much to be built in terms of infrastructure that I -- we all welcome the efforts of other companies. Specifically, about lecanemab, and I know that you have engaged with scientific leaders, some of you. We have engaged with [Technical Difficulty] and clinicians. I think the feedback is very positive from what we hear. And at the end of the day, it will be the efficacy at six months and expanded over a period of 18-month study and the safety that will make the difference between the compounds. But at this stage, we welcome every effort to prepare the market for the patients in need.
Michel Vounatsos: As you can anticipate, we cannot comment. It's Eisai's decision, and we will not interfere with this process.
Michel Vounatsos: So what we saw for ADUHELM is that the system has shown some adaptability by shifting some of the existing infusion center to potentially ADUHELM at that time should there be reimbursement. We never got reimbursement, so this never happened. And overall, I believe there is a need to upscale and the capacity has to be much larger. But from our learning, we could see that the system was flexible and adaptable based on the current capacity.
Michael McDonnell: No, I think that covers it. I would say that as we work together on the commercialization strategy, obviously, Eisai has final decision-making rights, but it is a 50-50 profit share. And together, we're excited for the upcoming CTAD presentation, where more detailed study results will be shared.
Michael McDonnell: No, the only thing I would just quickly add is that -- I think you covered it, but I would just quickly add. You did not see BD activity during the quarter in the way of new collaborations or M&A, you should not read anything into that. We continue to have a very robust pipeline and we continue to look at a variety of deals. It does tend to be lumpy and you should fully expect that there will be more transactions in the future. Thanks.
Michael McDonnell: Yes. I would just add to that, that as we continue discussions with Eisai on the commercialization strategy, it's a 50-50 profit share. They have the final decision rights, as we've said. There are learnings from the ADUHELM situation that obviously we – we all share openly. And I would say that I do feel very highly confident that we will -- you'll see a commercial ramp in spend that will have much better proximity to revenue than you saw on ADUHELM and obviously, there were a number of things on ADUHELM that didn't go the direction that we had anticipated. But I do feel confident that we'll be able to gauge it in a way that -- and Eisai will be able to gauge it in a way that the ramp in spend will have better proximity to revenue than what you saw on ADUHELM.
Michael McDonnell: Yes. I'll just clarify the point that I made before. As Eisai develops the commercialization strategy along with us, the goal there, obviously, the first and primary goal will be to get the launch right and put an infrastructure in place that supports the best launch possible and we'll be in position. And obviously, in the situation that we had with ADUHELM, when we received approval in June of 2021, we had a large infrastructure that was built up and ready to go. And then obviously, we encountered significant delays. And the point that I was making is that we would hope that, that wouldn't be a repeat and that we would have the appropriate infrastructure to support a successful launch. That's priority one. And then hopefully, we wouldn't experience delays like that. And so that you would see a spend that would ramp in front of revenue, but it wouldn't have the gap that it did on ADUHELM.
Michael McDonnell: Yes. I would just add, and in the spirit of your question, Mark, was directed more at OUS. We mentioned the US was flat. And OUS overall, there was a modest decline, but if you strip out FX on a constant currency basis, there was actually growth and that growth to the points that we made in our prepared remarks, there was a modest volume decline primarily due to competition in places like Germany and Canada and Japan, and we had some timing items, Russia, Brazil, a few others, which was partially offset by volume growth in China. But we did have price increases in a few of our markets throughout Europe that more than offset the volume. So to kind of unpack it, you had modest volume declines slightly more than offset by price increases and then you had the FX going against you OUS.
Michael McDonnell: Yes. So a couple of comments, Geoff. Thanks for the question. I would say first on manufacturing, we have a significant facility in Raleigh, North Carolina and then we have a relatively new facility in Solothurn Switzerland. And the Solothurn Switzerland facility will be largely dedicated to our Alzheimer's disease products, which for now involves a ramp-up of getting inventory ready for launch for lecanemab. I think we had a little over $100 million of inventory on hand as of the end of the quarter. And the -- that facility, it's efficiency, so to speak, is heavily tied to the lecanemab launch. And then to the extent that ADUHELM becomes more marketable, we could utilize that facility as well. So that's the state of play there. There will be some idle capacity. You saw about $12 million this quarter. There'll be some idle capacity charges that we'll have to incur over time as that product ramps. I would say on the commercial infrastructure, there's not a lot that cane [ph] will be repurposed from ADUHELM. We did make the decision, as we've said before, to take that infrastructure down. It was just too long of a time gap from the time that we received the NCD in April of 2022 to when lecanemab would become fully commercialized to maintain that infrastructure. So most of that's been eliminated as part of our $1 billion cost savings that we've committed. And so for the most part, the lecanemab, commercialization will be a new ramp and a new infrastructure that will be built.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Michel. That's exactly right. And I'll just add that there is a -- there are a couple of scenarios that are outlined in the NCD. So for the accelerated approval scenario, it's essentially coverage only in the situation of a randomized controlled trial, which is essentially non-overage. But for traditional approval, there is a range of options, I think, that the NCD indicates, which is that, it could be covered in a CMS-approved prospective comparative study, including registries. The strength and rigor of that kind of study will depend on the strength and rigor of the randomized controlled trial that affords the final traditional approval. So in that sense, we feel very confident about the strength of evidence. As you know, we met the primary endpoint with a treatment difference of 0.45, which translated to 27% versus placebo with lecanemab. And also all secondary endpoints were met in a highly statistical significant manner. And in addition, I would add that we had about 25% of an underrepresented population. So we believe that it's very well designed and the results are very encouraging. The rest will remain to be seen, and Eisai is already engaging with CMS to discus this. You specifically asked about reconsideration, so I'll just add a note there, that in the final scenario that NCD -- the final NCD did put out was that CMS would act with urgency and potentially a reconsideration could be considered. That could take nine to 12 months from a historic precedent perspective. But I think in this sense, they have said that they would act with urgency. And that would be a full coverage without the need for prospective comparative studies. So I think we need to wait for the CTAD data and continue the engagement.
Priya Singhal: Thank you. So I think that's a great question. And just stepping back, as Michel mentioned during the remarks, we see ourselves as leaders in the Alzheimer's space. We believe that we've done a lot of evaluation of the scientific hypotheses, the biology. And we have set up our portfolio to be able to address both what in terms of the biology and also the when. So I think in terms of the biology, we've now had success with lecanemab. Previously, we've seen the results also with aducanumab, and that's the A-beta hypothesis. In addition, we had our own study with the monoclonal antibody against tau, which did not work. So, we did test that hypothesis with the extracellular tau and now we are positioned to initiate our Phase 2 with BIIB080, which is an antisense oligonucleotide that will address all post-translational forms of tau. So we believe [Technical Difficulty] we believe we have a leading antisense oligonucleotide. Also, we have BIIB113 in Phase 1, which addresses tau aggregation and addresses an enzymatic inhibition of tau aggregation. So, we are really trying to tackle this from all the -- from the amyloid and the tau pathology basis. Behind that, in the preclinical space, we have also several other biologies that we are looking at very carefully in terms of targets and also modalities. So, I think we have a very comprehensive approach. And with regards to when, I'm very pleased that we have lecanemab already being tested in preclinical Alzheimer's disease. So, that's a study that's already ongoing, which will address what happens when you intervene with an anti-amyloid therapy, prior -- when you do have the amyloid aggregation but you don't have symptoms. So, I think it's a very comprehensive approach. We are not going to stop here. We continue to look at very attractive targets. And I think BD and internal development will continue to be important. And finally, with lecanemab, we are testing two very important aspects in our development plan. Eisai is obviously the lead on this. In the Phase 2 open-label extension, we're looking at maintenance dosing. So, what's the right frequency to continue to preserve the clinical decline progression stop. And we are looking at subcutaneous development in the Phase III open-label extension. So I think overall, it's very, very comprehensive. And I think this will be a space that we will continue to invest to win. Thank you.
Priya Singhal: Yes. I'll actually -- I don't have a lot to add. What I'll say is that we are continuing to look at aducanumab, and we haven't made any decisions. For now, we believe that the EMBARK data set is going to be very valuable to the scientific community. These are patients who have been on aducanumab and an anti-amyloid therapy for many years. In addition, we have a post-marketing requirement given that aducanumab was the first product to get accelerated approval, and this is called the ENVISION study. So for now, both ENVISION and EMBARK continue.
Priya Singhal: I can take that question. Thanks for the question, Matthew. So overall, I'll just say that the Clarity AD met its primary endpoint, which was CDR-Sum of Boxes and this was with a p-value of 0.00005. So, it was very, very highly significant. And this was a large trial. So, it was about 1,800 participants with -- including the underrepresented population and it met all its secondary endpoints, which were independent domains of cognition and function. So, overall, we feel that the results are very, very positive and that they're very encouraging. Now, details of subgroup analyses have not been shared by Eisai, and I think we need to wait for the CTAD to see more details about both the primary and the secondary endpoints. But at this point, I would say that overall, we believe that we just have to wait, and we feel very encouraged by what we've seen on the topline. I won't be able to comment on exactly what you may or may not see. I think we have to wait for CTAD for that.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Brian. So, overall, what I can tell you is that this is a very important part of the long-term comprehensive clinical development plan for lecanemab. And the subcutaneous formulation development has -- is already being pursued in the Phase 3 open-label extension. We're also -- Eisai is also engaging with FDA. So, there are lots of discussions ongoing. I would just say that the Phase 1 bioavailability data has already been shared publicly. So, I already shared that. And as I mentioned in my remarks, they are currently looking at the 720-milligram weekly fixed dosing, and this is being evaluated. But the timelines and the details of what else the package might need that has not been shared. And so I would say just let's wait for that to be shared, and we will share that when it's appropriate. But it is a very important endeavor, and it is ongoing.
Priya Singhal: And I can add to that, Robyn. Thanks, Mike. I can add to that. In terms of doctors and mind share, I think that, obviously, this is a very highly rapidly evolving space from a scientific perspective. And I think lecanemab has demonstrated that removal of the plaques can result in a clinical impact. And this is really going to be important. I'd also like to add that the safety profile is going to be really, really important here. For example, with lecanemab, we've got rates of ARIA that are about 21%. We've seen this to be within expectations. And I think that this, together with the efficacy results, are going to be important for doctors to consider. So overall, while I think the question was a little bit more maybe about the launch, I would say that the mind share will depend on the data and I think the data needs to be seen from the other anti-amyloid therapies before we decide what is going to be meaningful. The other piece I think here is we see ourselves as pioneers. We've got this very encouraging data. We think that this is a very broad and complex patient population and the need and unmet need is very, very high. So, we think it's a very important place where we [Technical Difficulty] difference to patients. And then Robyn, on the second question, can you please clarify that? I didn't quite catch it. You broke up towards the end.
Priya Singhal: Got it. So, I think I'll just step back to say that obviously, amyloid pathology is very key. We also believe that it's potentially upstream of tau pathology. And with aducanumab with -- our data with aducanumab, we did show the impact on phospho-related tau and such. So, we think that this cascade overall is going to be very important. Having said that, I think that you're right, that maybe the future of Alzheimer's disease is going to be about the timing of intervention, which I already spoke to, and that's a very different matter. But it could also be that one type of approach may not be adequate. The question here is that we're trying to be very systematic and methodical in how we approach it. So, we've now demonstrated with lecanemab that really there is the removal of aggregated plaque, which results in clinical impact. And I think Eisai has also shared earlier this year that this could result, based on data from Phase 2b and modeling, that this could result in a preservation of about two to three years before patients progress to significantly more severe stages of Alzheimer's. This is based on modeling and data from Phase 2, and I know that they have said publicly that they will also do this type of analysis with the Phase 3 data. So, I think that we are making significant progress. And then separately, we are tackling the BIIB080, which we had very encouraging results from our Phase 1b trial where we showed a dose and time-dependent reduction of tau. And we believe it addresses all forms of tau. So, now we're in the process of initiating a Phase 2. But you're absolutely right. We will be looking at many different approaches in how we can benefit patients in the best way that we can. So, yes, all biologies need to be considered, but we need to go step wise, and we need to be systematic about this.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Jay. It's a very good question. What I can share with you is that we are looking across our portfolio, and we're looking at several of our existing partnerships to see how we can actually move and build on the strength of these data and the strength of the biological hypothesis that we've seen. I can't comment more specifically on the Denali TV platform. But yes, everything is on the table. We'll be looking at everything very carefully, and we'll make announcements as they become relevant and as it's appropriate. Thank you.
Priya Singhal: And I'll just wrap up really quickly on the second point. I think that your -- second question you had, Eisai has communicated that the 720-milligram weekly fixed dose is the dose that show the equivalents to intravenous dosing, 10-milligram per kg biweekly. And it's also actually now listed for the auto-injector study that was recently announced. I think that was the question. Please correct me if you had a different point in there.
Priya Singhal: Okay. So, I think overall, we've seen very good data with the 10-milligram per kg biweekly dose. I think the important point that is very, very, I think, relevant here is that the separation is seen at six months -- as early as six months, there's no titration and that expands on an absolute basis until the 18-month primary endpoint readout in Clarity AD. So, this is very encouraging data. I would say that as the infrastructure around Alzheimer's disease and all of this has been built out, it will actually be quite important for patients to be seen by physicians. So, we don't see it necessarily as a disadvantage, if that was the question. We don't see it as a disadvantage. But having said that, we are doing everything. Eisai is leading this effort, and we're trying to make sure that we are keeping patient convenience in mind, which is the premise of the subcutaneous development. So, I can't comment beyond that on how long it will be intravenous and when would it transition to subcutaneous. But we're looking at all these aspects very carefully at a high level and also at a granular level as we build out the clinical development program with all these topics in mind. So, overall, we believe in the early stages, it will actually be really important for patients to be seen in the clinic every two weeks.
