George A. Scangos, Ph.D.: Thank you, Carlo. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. There are two sets of data on which most of you have been focused, so let me lead with those issues. First is the commercial trajectory. So versus prior year, we achieved 7% revenue growth and 21% non-GAAP EPS growth, good numbers but certainly lower than we had anticipated a few months ago. We had expected to see a reacceleration of TECFIDERA this quarter, but that did not happen to any appreciable extent. Rather, TECFIDERA experienced modest sequential patient growth as we continued to work through the same commercial challenges experienced in the first quarter of the year. We continue to believe that TECFIDERA remains the preferred oral option in the MS market based on its strong efficacy and favorable safety profile. And we're working hard across the organization to improve TECFIDERA's trajectory. With that said, our multiple sclerosis portfolio continues to add patients globally. TECFIDERA is the most prescribed oral MS therapy globally, and has now been used to treat over 155,000 patients. We believe that PLEGRIDY is on its way to becoming the interferon of choice, as we continue to make it available in new markets around the world. And TYSABRI, which we believe is viewed as the preferred high-efficacy therapy, continued to add patients this quarter. Second, development with the recent announcement of the new data from aducanumab Phase 1b study at AAIC [Alzheimer's Association International Conference]; by now, you've all seen the data, which we take to be positive, in line with, and supportive of the data we reported earlier. Doug will provide some additional details on this analysis later on the call. We've initiated sites for two pivotal Phase 3 trials for aducanumab in early Alzheimer's disease and are screening patients for enrollment. Millions of people worldwide are living with Alzheimer's disease and no disease modifying treatment options. We believe that this important investment has the potential to be a significant future growth driver for Biogen. Moving on to other areas, through our joint venture with Samsung Bioepis, we announced positive results across our anti-TNF biosimilar portfolio at the EULAR [European League Against Rheumatism] conference in June. With these results, we believe that we're well positioned to bring these widely used anti-TNF therapies to physicians, payers, and ultimately the patients who need them most next year. Just this month, we announced our intent to build a new next-generation manufacturing facility in Solothurn, Switzerland to support our emerging pipeline, a significant step towards ensuring a long-term global supply of new world-class therapies for patients. We expect to break ground on the facility early next year and start manufacturing activities in 2019. So we had a busy second quarter with an important second half of the year ahead of us, in which we'll focus on improving the trajectory of TECFIDERA and ensuring that we execute important clinical trials to move our pipeline forward as quickly as possible. Now I'd like turn the call over to Doug, who will update you all on our progress in R&D.
George A. Scangos, Ph.D.: Okay. Thanks, Paul. Look, we obviously have a lot of work ahead of us as we strive to maximize the success of our commercial business and execute on our operational goals. Over the long term we expect that the primary source of value creation will be from the introduction of new therapies. So in closing, I'd like to highlight several pipeline programs that may be future value drivers for the company. ZINBRYTA is currently under regulatory review as a potential new therapeutic option for relapsing MS patients. If approved, we believe that ZINBRYTA could be an interesting addition to our MS portfolio and provide Biogen with an additional treatment option for patients. Later this year, we anticipate Phase 3 results for TYSABRI in secondary progressive MS, a form of the disease impacting approximately 30% of MS patients, and for which there are no proven effective therapies today. We also recently obtained Phase 2 results suggesting that TYSABRI may improve clinical outcomes in stroke patients, and we're rapidly moving forward to better understand TYSABRI's potential as a post-stroke therapy, with hopes to offer a new potential therapeutic option for the millions of patients experiencing this debilitating condition. The Phase 3 SMNRx program, developed with our partners at Isis Pharmaceuticals, represents another important opportunity for Biogen. SMNRx is being developed with the goal of improving and extending the lives of patients with spinal muscular atrophy. The available clinical results increasingly suggest SMNRx may indeed be having this effect. We look forward to obtaining Phase 3 data late next year or early 2007. We're eagerly awaiting the anti-LINGO Phase 2 MS results next year and expect to provide an update on the AON data at ECTRIMS [European Committee for Treatment and Research in Multiple Sclerosis] in the fall. While available MS therapies slow the course of the disease, anti-LINGO has the potential to work in a fundamentally different way, by acting as a restorative therapy. And of course, Alzheimer's disease is an area of intense focus for Biogen, with several active clinical programs. In addition to aducanumab, our lead program, we're working with our partner Eisai to develop BAN2401 and E2609, potential disease-modifying therapies in Phase 2. BAN2401 is an anti-beta amyloid antibody, while E2609 is an oral base inhibitor that seeks to block the production of amyloid plaque. Clinical results are expected for both product candidates next year, and we look forward to providing updates on the progress of our R&D efforts as we continue to advance the pipeline. Before I end the call, I want to take a moment to acknowledge Doug Williams's contributions to Biogen. Doug joined Biogen over four years ago, and since then has been a great friend and colleague and has done an amazing job helping to invigorate Biogen's R&D. I think that the progress that we've made should be obvious to everyone. So, as Doug prepares to leave the company, I'm sad to see him go, but I'm happy for him that he has the opportunity to move to a new role that truly excites him. I want to publicly thank Doug for all that he's done and wish him all the best in his next endeavor. Fortunately for us, Doug has helped build a deep team, including for us (26:10) physicians and scientists who continue to advance Biogen's R&D efforts. Leadership for the research and development organization will be assumed by Al Sandrock, our Chief Medical Officer, and Spyros Artavanis, our Chief Scientific Officer. Both Spyros and Al are extremely talented and accomplished and I'm confident in the continued success of our R&D organization. Finally, as always, I want to thank the many Biogen employees who have contributed to our success. Through good and challenging times, I'm always gratified to see the consistent dedication to patients and shareholders exhibited by our employees, and I'm confident that we'll all continue to work hard to accomplish our ambitious goals. So with that, we'll end the call and open it up for questions.
George A. Scangos, Ph.D.: Thanks, Paul. Thanks, Geoff. The question is are we willing to use our balance sheet and our debt capacity for M&A, for acquisitions, for projects, product, compound acquisitions. The answer is certainly yes. We are constantly looking, and we will be aggressive when we find opportunities that we think are attractive and consistent with our strategy.
George A. Scangos, Ph.D.: Look, Mark, on M&A, I think what you see, your observation is certainly is right. Every time there's some M&A event, stocks go up. We are certainly not engaged in M&A for any short-term stock performance. But we certainly are, I would say, increasingly aggressive about wanting to add additional compounds to our portfolio and to our pipeline. And we will be aggressive when we see good opportunities that are consistent with our strategy. So I think you can count on that.
George A. Scangos, Ph.D.: Okay, and this is George, Robyn. Look, on the M&A question, I think as we've said before, we have a good balance sheet. We have debt capacity. We will not be shy about using it when we see opportunities that are interesting and consistent with what we want to do. I don't think we're in any panic situation to go out and be desperate. But there as we see good opportunities, we will be aggressive about bringing them in.
Stuart Anthony Kingsley: Thanks, Doug. Our basic strategy in MS remains the same, to position TECFIDERA as the standard of care in the marketplace, to establish PLEGRIDY at the interferon of choice, and to leverage TYSABRI as the leading high-efficacy agent. In light of continued headwinds affecting TECFIDERA, we saw moderated patient growth for our MS portfolio as a whole this quarter. Our 2015 business plan for TECFIDERA made two important assumptions: first, that TECFIDERA would continue to stimulate higher than historical market growth in switch rates as it drives the market from injectables to orals; and second, that TECFIDERA, with what we believe is a strong all-in profile, would continue to capture a high rate of both new starts and switches. Through the second quarter, both of these were weaker than planned, particularly in the more mature and larger markets of the U.S. and Germany. In the U.S., total market growth and switch rates remained lower than our original expectations and appear to have returned to historical averages typically seen in the market before the launch of TECFIDERA. We believe the safety event reported in late 2014 is creating greater caution on the part of both physicians and patients about switching to orals. Our U.S. market research indicates a moderation in physician intent to prescribe, though in Q2 TECFIDERA continued to gain patients in the U.S. We believe our promotional and educational efforts are strong and well resourced. In the U.S., we remain focused on emphasizing TECFIDERA's strong efficacy profile while ensuring physicians and patients are educated on proper monitoring requirements for lymphopenia, and we believe we are making progress. We have recently increased our share of voice across print and digital media to increase patient awareness and have also ramped up TECFIDERA sales calls by our field teams. In more mature markets in Europe such as Germany, TECFIDERA has faced similar dynamics as in the U.S. On a patient basis, this has been offset by robust uptake in newly launched markets such as the UK, Italy, and Spain, where the launch curves to date have mimicked prior experience of very rapid uptake. For example, in the UK where full reimbursement funding really came into place around the turn of the year, we believe the uptake curve through June has actually exceeded what we saw in the U.S. and Germany. While patient growth for Europe as a whole was robust, total European TECFIDERA revenue was dampened both by the change of price and softer demand in Germany. In Europe, our promotional strategy is similar to what I described in the U.S., maintaining high reach in frequency and emphasizing the strong value proposition of the product. However, in Europe we have been more limited in our ability to educate physicians about any new monitoring requirements as we are still waiting for an updated European label. We continue to believe in TECFIDERA's competitive profile and believe the product can drive future patient growth, although at a more moderated rate. Establishing TECFIDERA as the standard of care in MS remains a primary focus, and we will be tireless in those efforts. We believe that AVONEX and PLEGRIDY will continue to play an important role and that we are gaining share among interferons. PLEGRIDY has seen steady early uptake and has continued to source patients broadly. TYSABRI continues to set itself apart in the market with an increasing number of alternatives. TYSABRI demonstrated positive patient growth again this quarter, and we believe this strong performance is a testament to the high level of efficacy that TYSABRI provides to patients. Finally, in MS, we are gearing up for the potential launch of ZINBRYTA with our collaboration partner, AbbVie. If approved, we believe ZINBRYTA could be an important new therapeutic option for relapsing MS patients. Turning to our hemophilia business, ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE continue to grow market share this quarter in the U.S. We continue to broaden both breadth and depth of prescribing amongst physicians and educate the community about the importance of maintaining protection from bleeding with less frequent infusions. Recent market research suggests that the product awareness continues to increase and that the convenience of our products' dosing schedules is well appreciated by patients. Outside of the U.S., we have also seen strong initial uptake of ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE in Japan, which we believe is an attractive long-term growth opportunity. I'll now pass the call to Paul.
Stuart Anthony Kingsley: Thanks, Ying. It's Tony. So on the second PML case, let me talk about that and then talk about ocrelizumab. I guess it's still early days but it's certainly been several weeks that the information is out in the market. So we think the market has had some chance to absorb it. Look, the first PML case was a pretty significant change statement for the profile of TECFIDERA, given its very pristine safety profile at the time. Our sense is that the second one is a much less significant change statement. The cases within the expected profile, still exceptionally rare. So in discussions that we've had with physicians, with thought leaders, they seem to be – the appearance is that they are processing that much more straightforwardly. We've also monitored media pickup, social media pickup, other things like that, and to date have seen very significantly less reaction on that front. So this feels like a significantly different and more muted reaction to date than the first case. Ocrelizumab, look, I think consistent with what we've said before, we have seen increasing excitement in the market about ocrelizumab, particularly among specialists. We don't know the full data. It looks like a product that will play in the high-efficacy space. It's likely to appeal to the specialists, particularly the TYSABRI user, the RITUXAN user. That we think is more of an issue, frankly, for TYSABRI as it competes in the high-efficacy space and probably in a narrower customer, more specialized customer base over time. So we think of that as probably less relevant to TECFIDERA. Look, in terms of TECFIDERA's long-term profile, which is where you had asked that, I'll say this. To date, when we look at our market research, the indicators and the leading indicators of brand health we believe continue to be pretty favorable. Our market research says the benefit/risk profile has changed, but we believe it's still overall very positive. It's the most requested product by patients based on our research. Physicians state that they intend to use more, again, from market research, and they see it as appropriate for a broad set of patient types. So in the current environment, that's essentially why we're doubling down in what's been a slow market. The market has been more cautious and we think a lot of it is on the margin more cautious. But for a big brand like TECFIDERA, on the margin matters. So reach and frequency, patient outreach, and emphasizing the benefits of the product continue to be where we'll put our efforts.Alfred W. Sandrock Jr., M.D., Ph.D. - Group Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer: Hi, Ying, this is Al Sandrock. I'm still blushing from Mark's comments, but I'll try to answer this question on SPMS. As you pointed out, it was important to get a SPA approval prior to starting because this is the first time the drug would be approved using a new composite measure of disability progression, and so that's why it was important to get a SPA agreement. This composite measure, I think that whether or not the drug gets approved is going to rest almost entirely on whether or not the drug is statistically significant on this measure, which by the way, this measure has the EDSS standard, EDSS one-point change that we've been using for a long time in relapsing MS, but also in addition has two other pieces, a nine-hole peg test, a certain percentage change in the nine-hole peg test, as well as the timed 25-foot walk. So we believe that increases the sensitivity to change, so we will see disability progression better and therefore increased chances that TYSABRI will show a treatment effect.
Stuart Anthony Kingsley: Thanks, Terrence. This is Tony, just maybe some qualitative comments on the outlook. We believe that the market continues to move to orals. We continue to believe that we have the best oral. So those are the two core things. And as I said, based on what we see in the market today, we continue to believe that we have a very good product profile. We think that we can continue to add patients. It's harder work at this point given where it is in the product life cycle.Alfred W. Sandrock Jr., M.D., Ph.D. - Group Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer: In terms of the BAN versus BIIB037, the BAN trial is using a composite measure that includes some of the measures that we've looked at in the BIIB037 study. So it's a different kind of measure that is rather unique actually. I think it was developed by the scientists and clinicians at Eisai. In terms of the differences in the antibodies, BAN binds to a different epitope than BIIB037. BAN is a humanized mouse antibody, whereas BIIB037 is a fully human antibody derived from human B-cells. And also BAN tends to bind to protofibrils. And so exactly which species of A-beta in terms of the aggregation status and fibrillar status, there are probably going to be some differences, although I would say that BIIB037 also binds to the ligamers as well as the fibrillary beta. So those are the differences.
Stuart Anthony Kingsley: Okay, Robyn, it's Tony. First on GLATOPA, generic COPAXONE, absolutely to date within our expectations, which I think we've talked about for a while now is we think that product largely has an impact within the COPAXONE molecule category. Last I looked, which was probably a couple weeks back to early July, there were 400 or 500 Rxs, 90%-plus of them were switches. 97% of those switches were from COPAXONE QD, so to date absolutely where we expected it to be. You've seen probably the WAC, which is $63,000 – $64,000. I don't have clarity on what their contracting strategy will be, but absolutely within the expectations that we had.
Stuart Anthony Kingsley: Good, thanks. It's Tony. On Europe, the short answer is basically mathematically impossible for Europe to be as big as the U.S. given the differential in pricing and therefore net revenue per patient across. You have a big patient population in Europe. As I said, more mature markets like Germany, we believe we've seen dynamics that are a little bit more like the U.S. But launch markets we're seeing really nice uptake, and we believe it's very consistent with what we saw in the other launches. So the total dynamic is we have seen good patient growth in Europe. We have had both net price and also FX working against us this year. We are basically through all the major reimbursement decisions at this point. And when all the dust has settled, the net prices we were able to achieve over there were certainly lower than our aspiration and what I think our plan was. We always cautioned that given how broadly TECFIDERA would be used, you'd have a gravitational pull-down to the platform therapies. The argument for us with the pricing authorities obviously was superior efficacy, better profiles than the platforms. That has been a very tough row to hoe. It was made tougher by AUBAGIO, which went ahead of us and took what was a pretty low price strategy that increased the pressure over there. So I think Paul referenced it, and I talked a little in my comments. The net revenue per patient in Europe is just structurally substantially lower than the U.S. and for TECFIDERA specifically has come out lower than we would certainly have aspired to given those market dynamics.
Paul J. Clancy: Thanks, Geoff, thanks for the question, pretty expansive, so let me try to tackle it. On the margin front, certainly I'd point to what the guidance now assumes. I think from a multi-year perspective, we certainly would continue to still want to drive towards margin improvement. The dynamics of our margin improvements obviously over the next couple of years are going to be a little bit different. As the revenue growth has attenuated, we're going to have to work harder to control costs, and I think that we came into this year starting to do that with our SG&A. We are certainly doing that with the balance-of-year forecast, maintaining the OpEx targets as a percentage of sales that effectively assumes not an insignificant pull-back in our spending. We're coming off a period that we purposely, and as I've articulated that we didn't want to be pennywise and pound-foolish, we had an unprecedented number of product launches for a company our size. I think that was appropriate, and we need to pivot towards making sure any and all waste gets out of the organization. That will be a very fine, delicate balance because we want to continue to invest in the pipeline, and we will absolutely make that an incredible priority. So we'll navigate through that. It will be a little bit of a challenge, but there's no doubt that we're up to it. With respect to capital allocation, the balance sheet leverage, George and I will tag-team this one now. Certainly, we have a pristine leverage profile and a pristine capital structure. I don't, as I said before, don't think that should be measured on a quarter-in or quarter-out basis, but I think this company can and we would love to have a capital structure that has more debt on it. But that will be driven by the opportunity to be able to do that as opposed to falsely trying to do that. As people noted, we have authorization from the board for a $5 billion share repurchase program. We have cautiously communicated that that would be done within five years' time. If the stock is under pressure, as it was in pre-market today, I suspect that we will look for opportunities to lower the share base. And capital allocation is much broader than that. Obviously, we continue to look for M&A opportunities. They've got to be the right thing. They've got to be the right value, and I'll let George pick up on that as well.
Paul J. Clancy: Mark, I'll take the first part. Your interpretation is exactly accurate. There's some very modest patient growth, but it's essentially what we're assuming. And I know there will be an assessment of whether or not we're being conservative or not. But essentially, what we're assuming is extremely limited patient growth on a sequential basis for the balance of the year in the United States. Our aspirations are obviously – commercially we're aspiring for much more than that, but that is the assumption that we have in the balance-of-year forecast.
Paul J. Clancy: We've got to still sort that out as we move into 2016. I think that's what you're getting at, Eric. The guidance assumes that TECFIDERA patients in the United States are relatively limited growth, and that is clearly what we have to get motoring along. So that's the homework assignment. Outside the United States, we are growing in terms of patients. We had a hiccup this quarter versus Q1, as noted from the German pricing. That's a dynamic that will now settle out. But certainly, we've got some work to do on the commercial front.
Douglas E. Williams: Hi, Michael, this is Doug. I'll start. Al will jump in as well. Look, I will simply say that when Al and I looked at the data from the 6 mg cohort, I think we were both very happy to see that it lined up very nicely with our expectations for what we thought should have happened. I think the fact that for CDR, it's slotted right in between the 3 mg/kg and 10 mg/kg dose cohorts. You couldn't ask for a better outcome, frankly, in terms of how that data shook out. As I mentioned in the call earlier, that's the primary endpoint for the Phase 3 study, so I think we're increasingly confident that the data is continuing to be very, very consistent across multiple parameters. We believe that this data is increasingly strong, and we're very confident setting up and starting the Phase 3 study based on the results we've seen. I will go back in history and say that the last time that I personally was associated with a study at this stage where the results were this consistent across multiple parameters was back in my ENBREL days. So again, I believe that we have a really firm basis on which to go forward into Phase 3. The MMSE data, a little bit of wobble in that. That's the only data point that I can think of across the entire spectrum that didn't just line up almost perfectly. So we're strong believers in this product and feel very confident moving it forward.Alfred W. Sandrock Jr., M.D., Ph.D. - Group Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer: I completely agree with Doug and I have nothing to add.
Douglas E. Williams: Again, Al and I will tag-team this. I think the intent here, obviously, we've analyzed the data very carefully, and it's a very small sample size coming out of the current Phase 1b study. But what we've seen in terms of consistency of response across the doses I think has allowed us to do some very nice statistical modeling and make some assumptions about sample size that obviously we think will allow us to achieve statistical significance with the sample size, with the increased duration of dosing because as you recall from the previous look at the data, the longer you dose, the more amyloid you remove. And what we've shown in the most recent presentation is that there is a very nice correlation between amyloid removal and improvement in cognition. So I think all of these factors have come into play to both size the study and to pick the dose. And I would say what we're trying to do is to actually push the dose and to push it as high and as hard as we can to remove as much amyloid as possible because we know that that seems to be an important parameter for efficacy with our drug. So all of this has been factored into the sample size, and I think we've designed a study now that allows us to take into account the fact that increasing doses work better, increasing durations seem to work better. And stratifying, based on APOE4 status is an important parameter for allowing us to both push the dose but at the same time try to minimize ARIA. And I think the up-titration is another element to the study that will improve our chances of maximizing the benefit/risk.Alfred W. Sandrock Jr., M.D., Ph.D. - Group Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer: I think anytime we go from Phase 2 to Phase 3, we do a discounting, if you will. We assume that the variability will increase. We assume that – and we look at 95% confidence intervals of what the actual treatment effect is, and that's what Doug was saying about the modeling. And so I think we're pretty confident using this sample size that we will achieve a statistical significance. In terms of how we view this drug to be used once it's approved, I do think that people will get genotyped and the dose will be based on genotype, not (45:37) on whether or not they're APOE4 carriers. And then we'll have to look at the data to see which dose is superior in each of the subgroups, the carriers and non-carriers, and that will probably be the recommended dose. And then the other complication is if there's some ARIA whether or not people would dose-reduce because that's what was typically done in the Phase 1b trial. People dose-reduced, then most people were able to continue dosing with the dose reduction. So that's how I see it playing out.
Douglas E. Williams: And then good point, Robyn, what you're bringing up with respect to TECFIDERA. Certainly one of the dynamics that we've seen that we didn't expect was a modest but not trivial increase in discontinuations in TECFIDERA in the United States in particular. That probably we think traces back to the monitoring to some extent. It traces back to efficacy breakthroughs, which is typical for most of the disease modifying the majority in it traces to some of the GIs. So both dynamics are actually happening. We're hopeful that we can actually bring that back to a bit normal state, but TBD as we move forward.
Douglas E. Williams: And on the question about the lowering of amyloid, what we did there was to look to see whether there was a PK/PD relationship essentially. And it was a scientific question. Does the effect on cognition need to go through the effect on amyloid lowering? And in a way it's asking is the amyloid hypothesis correct? And what we saw was that it's consistent with the amyloid hypothesis being correct. Your question goes to another thing, which is are we going to be using this as a biomarker in the clinic when it's approved, and will there be some sort of threshold effect being used in clinic? And I think it's far too early to speculate on that. I think it might go to that part, but I would not say that this one standard deviation unit that we chose to look at would be that threshold. I think there's a lot more work that has to be done before we get to that stage.
Douglas E. Williams: We haven't actually released the specific details on how the up-titration is going to work except to say that all of the patients will undergo that process as they get to their final dose in the study. Again, I think we'll have more clarity on that once we actually begin enrolling patients. But for the moment, I think we'll simply say that that is based on a variety of parameters, primarily that there are two things we know correlate with the incidence of ARIA. One is obviously dose, so a lower dose has a lower incidence of ARIA. And the second is time. Most of the ARIA occurs during the first five doses of administration. So the hypothesis that's being tested right now with this cohort you mentioned is whether or not at a lower dose for a period of time you can get through this period of risk, I'll call it, for developing ARIA and end up with a lower overall incidence on your way up to the final dose.
