Michel Vounatsos: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. I would like to start by thanking Matt Calistri for nearly four years he spent leading our Investor Relations program. We wish him the very best in this next endeavor. I would like to welcome Joe Mara, our new Vice President and Head of Investor Relations, who is a talented and energized finance and business leader with over 12 years of experience at Biogen across a number of functions. I am confident that Joe will prove to be a valuable resource for the investment community and I look forward to all of you getting to know Joe. Joe the floor is yours. Welcome.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Jeff. Biogen demonstrated strong commercial execution this quarter and we continue to apply our world class capabilities expertise to progress our pipeline, all while maintaining a diligent focus on continuous improvement and strategic capital allocation. Between now and the end of 2020, we expect continued progress as we aim to build inventory franchise portfolio, including 10 mid to late stage data readouts in MS, PSP, lupus, epilepsy, Parkinson’s disease, cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia, stroke and ophthalmology, and potential regulatory approval in the US for VUMERITY in MS. Finally, I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bring innovative participation over the long-term. These demands that we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure, as well as aim for superior returns from the investment we make. As we are closing a solid quarter, I would like to step back and comment on what we stand for as a company and how we conduct our business. We believe doing the right things for patients, employees, the environment and the communities we serve will help build sustainable value for all our stakeholders including our investors. After 41 years, we are extremely proud of our track record and commitment to sustainability. Finally, I would like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patient's lives and all of the physician, caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs, our past and future achievements could not be realized beyond the passion and commitment. With that, we will open the call for questions.
Michel Vounatsos: So let me share the underlying uptake of patients behind this very successful launch is the most, I will say, positive news in mature markets and in emerging geographies where we are gaining access. So we remain confident. Obviously there are more clinical trials in that space too and it’s still the early days for this new therapeutic alternatives. And we welcome alternative for patients based on the severity of the disease.
Michel Vounatsos: Geoff, thank you for asking this important question. Obviously, since we did not present at AIC it is clear to everybody that we are not ready. We are not finished with our analysis of the data, first available at the cutoff date of the futility analysis, but also the data that is coming after the cutoff date of the futility. So Biogen said and will continue to follow the science and these analyses have critical importance, as you can imagine, for the patients, for the community, for public health and also for all the stakeholders. And at the same time, Biogen is trying to new frontiers, which is difficult to define. So we will present the results of ENGAGE and EMERGE studies at the future medical meetings and I hope you appreciate that we cannot say much more at this stage.
Michel Vounatsos: So thanks for the good question. Obviously, we need to consider the outset that the patients on TEC after the four, five, first weeks are stabilized that they are doing fine. So the strategy is not to switch, the strategy is to expand.
Michel Vounatsos: So it's always difficult to kind of I think what you're getting at is kind of antitrust. I think we will take a careful approach as we look at business development. But we don't see that deterrent, to be active from BD or M&A perspective, we will certainly be careful as kind of look at targets. 
Michel Vounatsos: If I may just add to the good comments made by Mike, it's also the opportunity to widen the strategic plans and important readouts in the coming months in BIIB059 in lupus. So stay tuned.
Michel Vounatsos: So thank you all for attending our call today. Another very strong quarter for our company, very exciting times at Biogen nowadays. Thank you. Talk to you soon.
Michael Ehlers: Yeah, Cory, I’ll add to that. Well, I mean, clinically one thing that's - that you need to consider and this is for what Zolgensma indicated for is the under age two - usually the more severe SMA patients for which time is really critical. We know that the time of treatment even before symptoms but certainly as a function of symptoms stage is really essential. So that would tend clinically to be a very different from a typical kind of scenario where you might be waiting for a different new treatment.
Michael Ehlers: So, one of the many hallmarks of Biogen is a company with very strong cash flows. We generated $3.4 billion of operating cash flow within the first six months and we've now had the expiration of the TECFIDERA Fumapharm payments. So at this point in time there is really no intent to kind of - if you mean by change the balance sheet, lever up the balance sheet is certainly not the intent. The company generates a lot of cash. With regard to uses of cash, I think we've been very consistent that our capital allocation strategy is centered around optimizing of the capital allocation to maximize shareholder value and we'll continue to do that and the good thing is we've got ample capacity to do that, either vis-à-vis share repurchase or continuing to add assets to the clinical pipeline, business development, or M&A. So I would look for us to be active across the board, because we’ll have the capacity, it's very strong company from that perspective.
Michael Ehlers: Okay. Yes, thanks for the question. I'll take both of those. First of all, just one point of clarification with tauopathy and PSP. The current PET imaging tracers for tau don't recognize the form of tau that accumulates in PSP, recognizes the form of tau that accumulates in Alzheimer's disease. This has to do with three hour versus four hour tau. So just to clarify that. None of them would have been imaged because there hasn't been an ability to image tau in the brain before that. On Skyhawk, yeah, that collaboration is proceeding very nicely. We’re working on several targets with them. We are zeroing in on potential new clinical candidates. We don't have a timeline just yet, but I would say that we're very, very happy with the progress on many targets in this way and we hope to get some to the clinic over the next couple of years let's say.
Michael Ehlers: Yeah. So, this is Mike. Look I'll say this has been a long-standing interesting hypothesis. We've really rejuvenated our effort on early targets in MS and novel target including something that might be virally based and other sales based. So early days in a lot of that. But we've created a new highly dedicated group, focused on early stage MS research in novel mechanisms. And so where we see an opportunity, independent of modality we will advance that.
Michael Ehlers: Sure, Brian. This is Mike. I'll start out with that. So we are very happy about this where we're going to start with focus is where we've got existing assets and or expertise. By and large right now that’s really going to start with our lupus program it include BIIB059, the BDCA2 antibody and dapirolizumab pegol, this anti-CD40 ligand Fab. And from that we will look at things that touch on that either within that indication space or perhaps in and around those mechanisms to expand. It will start with those places where we’ve got existing assets and or capability. We think it fits very nicely with a lot of the ongoing programs and things that we're otherwise doing. It also - I’d say on the business development front does give us an ability to look somewhat more broadly at external opportunities we might be able to use for either early or late supplementation of the pipeline.
Michael Ehlers: So Evan, why don't I take the beginning of this? Of course you know, we're highly aware of all the announcements in and around base inhibitors and resent Novartis and Amgen announcement of the termination, they’re discontinuing their base inhibitors. So we're highly aware of this. I would say patient safety is paramount in our clinical trials, including the Mission AD1 and Mission AD2 trials for the base inhibitor that is being conducted in collaboration with our collaboration partner Eisai. Those studies have independent data in safety monitoring board that reviews the data regularly from those Phase III studies. And to-date the DSMB has recommended the studies proceed. They have an ability to look at that data when they want and they are certainly aware of the likewise the safety signals and discontinuation of other programs and they will be assessing as it goes along. As BAN2401, I'll refer back to what Michel commented on earlier, which is that we are in the midst of very thorough analysis of all the ENGAGE and EMERGE data from aducanumab which is an extensive data set and we would like to have a full understanding of that data before we make a specific forward development decisions on BAN2401.
Michael Ehlers: So we’re not – we have a policy of kind of giving guidance twice a year and not doing it by the product level, but what I can do is kind of maybe point you to some areas within the historical numbers. Certainly, in the first quarter, Bioverativ inventory sale certainly helped the first quarter inventory growth. You have to look at that. That was a one-time type element. We also, in the second quarter - the MS business was quite strong as a result of the less of an inventory dry down and some gross-to-net favorability, which we don't expect to continue. And then, two other factors that I would highlight is, SPINRAZA will face some more difficult comparisons in the second half of this year compared to the second - first half of this year. The numbers get bigger. And then finally, the RITUXAN and GAZYVA we've said all along that we expect competition to come in the fourth quarter. So if you look at all those factors, it would indicate there would be little more strength in the first half versus the second half.
Al Sandrock: Yeah. Michael, this is Al. So the - we've been saying that the results will be available at the – later this year toward the end of this year. As you know, in the earlier phase studies we showed about 90% decrease in CSF-free tau. And so we definitely have target engagement, because the antibody was given intravenously and we looked in the CSF at tau. So we have target engagement in CNS. What we're hoping to see is an effect on the rating scale for PSP, which is not that different from the Parkinson's rating scale. As you know, there are - it has many of the - shares many of the features of Parkinson's disease, but there are some additional features that relate to PSP that will also be measured. And yeah, the big question right now is we have target engagement. We have lowered CSF tau. We're hoping to catch the tau as it spreads. The abnormally - the misfolded tau that spreads from cell-to-cell, there is a lot of great data that - there's prime like propagation in the CNS and PSP and in other tauopathies and we’ll see whether or not we catch it as it tries to spread and have a clinical effect.
Al Sandrock: Hi, Phil. This is Al Sandrock. So, it's basically a head-to-head study against TECFIDERA. The primary outcome measure is a patient-reported outcome on GI tolerability and we’re looking at essentially all aspects of GI tolerability, whether it's upper or lower, the severity, the duration and hopefully what we'll get at the end of it is an incidents, the idea of the difference in the incidence of GI tolerability events between comparison with TECFIDERA, as well as severity. And talking to our - the prescribers, the MS prescribers, incidence is probably the most important thing. Although, ultimately, you want to try to improve compliance, so we'll also be looking at things like discontinuation rate and which as Mike said in the EVOLVE 1 study, we had a very low discontinuation rate. So, we’re hopeful that we'll see a nice comparison to TECFIDERA in this EVOLVE 2 study.
Al Sandrock: Yeah, I mean most physicians that I talked to would not want to switch somebody who is done well, who stabilized the initial phases of taking TECFIDERA and or doing well in terms of tolerability. Of course, if there is breakthrough disease you would consider switching probably to a different mechanism of action.
Al Sandrock: The EBV is a very interesting virus, so if you look at epidemiological studies and MS, particularly out of Harvard School of Public Health. There is a strong implication that EBV infection precedes the onset of MS. It's very tantalizing that the B-cell follicles that are in CNS in the sub-meningeal space generally they are EBV positive. EBV effects B-cell function and B-cells are, obviously, important in MS as seen by all the drugs that are directed against B-cells, ocrelizumab and BTK inhibitors have seem to have efficacy. So, I think in some ways EBV is very interesting as a causal virus. However, in terms of treatment, once the virus activates the immune system toward an autoimmune state, I don't know whether getting rid of the virus will help. These B-cell follicles molecules in the CNS, perhaps getting rid of the EBV positive B-cells there maybe helpful. But treating the virus itself, you'd have to design a study very, very early, perhaps even before MS even starts.
Al Sandrock: Yeah. Carter, good question. So I mean, the few things we would say to maybe flush that out a little bit. I mean, we've had an ongoing effort over some time to really look at the risk reward profile and that means to be able to balance risk in different categories and include things like seeking later stage assets where we can, taking advantage of unique capabilities where we see them leveraging our debt in certain areas like MS and neuromuscular, where we've got very strong franchises, and likewise going after the types of disease where we’ve got high confidence, things where there you've got genetically defined targets and genetically defined patient populations. And you can see examples of that in our pipeline that have been very intentional. These include things like VUMERITY, as a very good example of rebalancing risk, supporting our MS franchise. I think, you see that within our Nightstar acquisition and the mid to late stage clinical programs in gene therapy there, Choroideremia and X-linked retinitis pigmentosa. And hopefully that came across in my emphasis on our confidence in our ASO platform and ASO programs that we've been advancing collaboration with Ionis. In addition to that, I think, and Michel spoke to this, we look to our important clinical readouts, our 10 upcoming clinical readouts in the next 18 months as trigger points, to help define and refine the areas that we really want to concentrate resource and activity on in the future.
