Paul J. Clancy: Thanks, Mike. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share were $3.46 in the first quarter. GAAP EPS was negatively impacted by $1.22 related to the settlement and license with Forward Pharma in the U.S. PTO ruling in favor of Biogen in the interference proceeding. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $5.20 in the first quarter, an increase of 9% versus prior year. Total revenue for Q1 increased 3% year-over-year to approximately $2.8 billion. Excluding hemophilia revenues from both periods, total revenue grew 8%. Global first quarter TECFIDERA revenues were $958 million. This included revenues of $751 million in the U.S., an increase of 1% versus Q1 last year, and $207 million outside the U.S., an increase of 3% versus Q1 last year. On a sequential basis, U.S. TECFIDERA revenues were negatively impacted by approximately $50 million to $60 million due to lower levels of inventory at the specialty pharmacies. Interferon revenues, including both AVONEX and PLEGRIDY were $648 million during the first quarter, a decrease of 3% versus Q1 last year. This included $465 million in the U.S. and $184 million in sales outside the U.S. TYSABRI worldwide revenues were $545 million this quarter, an increase of 14% versus Q1 last year. This included $306 million in the U.S. and $239 million outside the U.S. Outside the U.S., Q1 TYSABRI revenue benefited by approximately $45 million, due to reaching an agreement with the price and reimbursement committee of the Italian National Medicines Agency related to prior periods. SPINRAZA revenues for Q1, its first full quarter on the market, were strong as we reported $47 million. SPINRAZA U.S. revenue was $46 million. This represents very strong underlying demand combined with some natural inventory build as the launch ramps. We estimate that less than $10 million of the SPINRAZA revenue was due to inventory that was built up in the channel in the U.S. We also had $1 million in sales outside the U.S. related to named patient sales. Hemophilia revenues for the sub-period, prior to the spinoff of Bioverativ, were $74 million. Our biosimilar business generated $66 million in revenue this quarter. Anti-CD20 revenues were $341 million for Q1 and total other revenues were $90 million. Now turning to the expense lines on the P&L. Both Q1 GAAP and non-GAAP cost of goods sold were $385 million or 14% of revenue. Q1 GAAP R&D expense was $423 million or 15% of revenue. Q1 non-GAAP R&D was $421 million, also 15% of revenue, a decrease on a sequential basis as we had no meaningful milestone payments or BD activity in Q1, and as the Phase 3 studies for SPINRAZA wound down. Q1 GAAP SG&A expense was $499 million or 18% of revenue. Q1 non-GAAP SG&A was $483 million or 17% of revenue. Both GAAP and non-GAAP other net expense was $38 million in Q1. In Q1, our GAAP tax rate was approximately 24% and our non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 23%, which includes some modest favorability from discrete tax items related to Q1. Our weighted average diluted share count was approximately 216 million for Q1. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 2 million shares of the company's common stock for a total value of $584 million. And since March 31, we've purchased an additional approximately 2 million shares for a total value of $543 million. We ended the quarter with approximately $5.7 billion in cash and marketable securities with approximately 24% of this in the United States. As we go forward, we'll be closely watching the launch of OCREVUS. Overall, we anticipate a negative impact to our portfolio that'll be partially offset by the royalties that we receive. In conjunction with the recently announced agreement to exclusively license the BMS anti-tau molecule, we expect to make an upfront payment of $300 million to Bristol-Myers Squibb in the second quarter and a near-term $60 million payment to the former stockholders of iPierian. These will impact both our GAAP and non-GAAP R&D expense assuming deal closure. These amounts exceed the $100 million we earmarked for business development expense in our previously announced 2017 full year financial guidance. We plan to update our annual financial guidance on the second quarter earnings call. I'll turn the call over to Michel for his closing comments.
Paul J. Clancy: And then, Geoff, this is Paul. Just second part of your question, we understand it's an important question, and I know we've commented in the past, but we're not going to comment on any kind of perspective of forward pricing in the MS market.
Paul J. Clancy: Umer, this is Paul. Let me kind of do a couple things. One is the inventory, I know it was important for every – on SPINRAZA was important, but it literally is a triangulation of data. So I wouldn't – it's not as precise as our knowledge of kind of the inventory on TECFIDERA in the specialty pharmacy channel, but it is our best estimate at this time that it's something in the less than $10 million range. And while we have a closed system on SPINRAZA, sometimes the patient data lags and we're estimating things along the way. No doubt as we move through Q1 the patients began to ramp and the dosing schedule, as you point out, the loading dose schedule does likely have some level of spillover effect. But I think that's kind of small dynamics and broadly what we're trying to do is get patient access and get through the infusion capacity constraints, get through the access constraints, get as many patients across all the different types of SMN patients on therapy.
Paul J. Clancy: Ronny (sic) [Cory] (47:23), this is Paul. Good. Thanks for the question. It's kind of tied up in if there's denial, effectively. There's obviously also some normal, as you would expect, income for people that can't afford it. With respect to the kind of free goods, I think that is an estimate that we won't know until we get much farther, and I would guess it wobbles quarter to quarter. I mean, it even wobbled within the quarter, so I think it wobbles around a little bit quarter to quarter as well.
Paul J. Clancy: Ying, this is Paul. Let me kind of try to tackle the second part of your question in terms of coverage on SPINRAZA in the commercial plans. Our estimate is that about 75% plans that cover the lives across the United States have coverage and approved SPINRAZA. Of that, about half of those have a narrow, call it Type 1 type coverage and about half of those have broad coverage. Importantly, as Mike pointed out, we'll be presenting data tonight that will hopefully start to get a more broad coverage as well.
Paul J. Clancy: Yeah. Josh, actually we'd prefer not to. We obviously have internal data on start forms and we have a sense for that, but we'd prefer not to because I just don't know the accuracy of it all at this point in time. With respect to Europe, we are effectively have been putting pre-launch efforts in place on a country by country basis, prioritizing, obviously, those countries that we expect to get reimbursement earlier as opposed to later. So tremendous amount of energy in Germany, energy in the Nordics, energy actually also in UK for some relatively unique circumstances. And I think it's going to be a very similar dynamic with respect to trying to accommodate and get through infusion capacity.
Paul J. Clancy: Yeah, let me take the second one first. I mean, no comment that one. So, I mean, I have points of view on it, but we obviously don't talk about it. It's kind of like one step away from talking about names. Look, OCREVUS, we've done a lot of work on it. Again, we do think a new entrant that has an interesting profile for patients and physicians will get a place in the marketplace and inevitably as we have plus or minus 40 share across our existing portfolio of products, there'll be an impact on that. We think that OCREVUS plays in the high efficacy segment. And as a result, the likelihood is that it impacts TYSABRI vis-à-vis the products in our portfolio more than others as well. There's a chance it impacts TECFIDERA as well. We think that the platform therapies inclusive of AVONEX and PLEGRIDY are the least impacted. All of that is obviously a total forecast and we're going to be monitoring it very closely as we move forward. And, look, this is not a surprise, right? So I think that I would characterize it as similar to way Michel has characterized it as that the best thing that we can do is just simply continue to really put forward the strength of our own products and we have a great, great suite of products across a bunch of different kind of segments and kind of patient needs in the marketplace. And then certainly in the United States, we're heartened that we're somewhat hedged from the royalties that are gained from OCREVUS.
Paul J. Clancy: Terence, thanks for the question. This is Paul. Let me try to take both of them. I think what you're referring to on SPINRAZA is with respect to rollover patients of those that were in the trial or in our EAP program. And on both dimensions, it was a very small number actually. The trial patients are continuing on in a trial. The EAP patients, because that if you recall, it was approved in such a short period of time from filing, we actually in the United States had well below 100 patients on EAP and only a handful of them actually have moved into commercial patients. So the vast majority of the sales for Q1 on SPINRAZA are due to, in effect, de novo new patient. Cost of goods sold is a bit a function of a number of things. The biosimilar business, which is growing quite strong, comes with a high cost of goods sold. We have had – the AVONEX business actually has an additional royalty that started in the second half of 2016 and when we compare it to the first half of 2016, we kind of have unfavorable comps. So I think that's indicative probably of what we're going to see over the next number of quarters.
Paul J. Clancy: Matthew, thanks for the question. This is Paul. Quite frankly, it's hard to really tell on that, the kinetics of this. And we've said it all along, it's hard to tell. We're very pleased with Q1. I personally would expect it continues to ramp if you look at the number of patients in the United States. So you just look at the number of patients, the number of centers that still haven't, that we're still working through plans, I would. The kinetics of it – and also, we always have to keep in mind the kinetics of kind of the cohort of patients going through loading dose then moving to maintenance dose and so on and so forth. I think we'll see some level of we'll all be interpreting the data as we go quarter by quarter. But broadly speaking, I think what this really pulls out is the tremendous value of the drug in the tremendous unmet need in the patient population.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Paul. I will venture to say that 2017 is off to a strong start for Biogen, but we have much more to do. We are refocusing the organization and I am building my management team. We are all energized and are working to develop the strategy and priorities for both short-term and long-term shareholder value creation. We plan to update you on our progress when we report our second quarter earnings in July, but we do not wait with obvious actions to be taken to support Biogen in terms of R&D, BD and commercial. Our actions will speak for themselves. For July, we hope to provide you with clarity on our priorities and plan. I aim to communicate a clear picture of the Biogen of tomorrow, a company that can meaningfully improve patients' life in the increasingly important field of neuroscience through new, innovative therapies and create long-term sustainable value for our company and our shareholders. And I believe strongly that this is the new Biogen, a clear leader in a well-defined and fast-growing space. We do tackle big challenges. We are laser focused on execution and we aim to deliver strong results. In closing, I'd like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients' lives, and all of the physicians, caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs. The past and future achievements could not be realized without their passion and commitment. With that, we'll open the call for questions.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So a couple of months ago, and since the beginning actually – this is Michel – we did identify two bottlenecks. And number one was infrastructure due to the intrathecal therapy injection modalities that were not performed into the SMA northern (33:30) neuromuscular centers, and in addition, the insurance coverage. Those two bottlenecks remain and they will be also relevant for the other markets where we're going to launch SPINRAZA hopefully soon. Having said that, motivated families, patients, parents, advocacy groups, a professional team at Biogen, dedicated providers, the leadership of the hospital and the providers were able to accommodate, not as a linear fashion, some bigger centers with a certain pattern, smaller centers eventually with more speed and flexibility, one size does not fit all. But all in all, this is where we stand today.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So in the U.S., that remains our largest and stable market for which we remain fully dedicated to continue to improve the picture. First of all, on the market dynamic, if you recall well, I did mention that in 2016 we saw a slight contraction of the market in terms of commercial goods versus the prior period. Well, we did see that sustain during Q1 versus Q4 of 2016, probably, and by a few percentage, nothing dramatic. One of the reason might well be that there was a bit of warehousing due to OCREVUS. I don't know by facts, but this might be a reason. All in all, the assumption within the company is that the market will return to low-single-digit market growth for the remainder of 2017. For Biogen business, a very strong defense of our performance. And actually, I am pleased by the momentum I see in a slightly declining market of our NTRx and TRx shares and you can have a look into those. I think that TECFIDERA defended very well, TYSABRI rebounded. Overall, Biogen is holding very strong and we continue to see a slight erosion of the interferons as expected. So all in all I will say a good performance that I want to see improved. Capture rate is holding very well, slightly improving. Discontinuation due to TEC GI did not really improve and I'm not satisfied by that. But I do not give up. So we are working hard to improve on this figure. But all in all, I will say it's very solid engagement while the team has the plate full of tactical plans in order to be ready for an increased competition while we speak.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: If I may add just a small comment on this important dynamic that we see in the marketplace, is that Biogen has the opportunity to benefit from a complete portfolio in MS, and we are working very hard. And if we want to change the landscape, we need to move away and try to progress on value-based and innovative type of contracting. It's difficult. The team is making some progress, but today I have nothing to report except that some progress and some discussion with different PNs. So we are working on this dimension.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: If I may add very briefly, I am monitoring very closely the ability of the organization to implement and to execute, being for SPINRAZA, and I think that the data to date speaks for itself, and we'll continue to do the same in Europe with the individual regulators to follow up following the CHMP endorsement with a broad label and including reimbursement. So we'll get started hopefully we believe this summer with Germany and Scandinavia with an access condition. And we have an early access program with more than 300 patients. And gradually the countries will come with market access condition one after the other. And it's all about execution from the Biogen team, it's execution on SMA, execution on biosimilar and execution obviously on MS. I just want to reiterate that for TECFIDERA, we are working very hard. TECFIDERA is now the market – is growing share in 17 out of 21 markets in Europe, okay? Germany is growing share six months in a row. We have hit within France the highest ever share for TECFIDERA. So it's all about the ability for the team to implement well with what we have in the bag in the portfolio today in a very focused manner and the right way.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: If I can just briefly add to what Paul rightly said, towards the higher end of the spectrum, I reinforce that, at least at the beginning, patients with high level of the (56:06) positivity that have to be switched, and this is a good thing, and obviously the PPMS, for which we'll get a benefit. So this is what we see, this is the very early days. The label is in line with what we did assume. We are monitoring very closely but we are monitoring more our assets than the competition.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: And if I may just add and conclude, the two bottlenecks that we did identify at the outset remain. It's a battle every day, and we are not yet where we want to be. Some of the largest plan or the largest facilities in terms of infrastructure are still not dosing the way the patients deserves and the way the families and the advocacy group expect. So there is still a way to go, but it's unlocking and progressing week after week. I think the key element that first of all the country deserves, the patient deserves is newborn screening. The day we have that, we can really change the treatment and the evolution of SMA. And if you look at the NURTURE data the results speaks for themselves.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah. Thanks, Geoff, for the question. On the tau side, I'd say we're very excited now to have this more advanced tau antibody in the portfolio. And as I'd mentioned, we've got an earlier second antibody, BIIB076 and in our collaboration with Ionis, an antisense oligonucleotide against tau which we're looking to advance to the clinic in the coming months. So we're quite excited about that. Michel said it well. We're really concentrated in neuro as an area. I'd say when you look across the opportunity landscape externally, we really try to focus on things that are in the early clinical asset space. That's kind of our core, where we believe that we can identify things with a bit of asymmetric knowledge and apply some asymmetric capabilities to that. We don't exclude other areas, but that's just where we're concentrated. So if we see a good opportunity that's a little bit later in a more adjacent area or even something that's earlier, we're quite open to it. On the question around more orphan diseases or other things, I think that the experience with SPINRAZA highlights to us the real potential advantage of intrathecal ASOs as a modality. We've got an early Phase 1 ongoing study in SOD1 mutant ALS as just another example of that. So we see great opportunity in that intersection between neuroscience and certain orphan diseases.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D.: Okay. Ronny, this is Mike. I'll start with that a little bit. On the question of SPINRAZA durability, I guess what we can say is that we started the first patient dose just about five years ago, and from what we've seen for that, there's been, essentially, sustained effects with those patients to date. There's a lot that's not known here. Obviously, this is kind of an ongoing clinical experiment and many of these patients are being rolled over into an open label kind of observation period for this. So the fact is, is that we just don't know what ultimately the durability would be, but everything that we've seen is a durable effect of continued dosing of SPINRAZA. So I'd say on that, on the gene therapy side of this – so there are a lot of things. One is we're very encouraged by the gene therapy data that is out there, of what AveXis has publicly reported. We are quite bullish in general on the modality of AAV-based gene therapy. We do believe that there's the prospect for differentiation in terms of tissue tropism, serotype, delivery routes, dosage, viral load, manufacturing, and so forth. So we think there's ample room for differentiation and time will tell. The other thing we would say is we believe that there can be a future out there where these are used in combination in certain settings that will depend very much on the stage and type of SMA.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D.: Okay, Ying, so I'll start with that. Thanks for the question. A few things, the reason we like – I mentioned about how we just in general see intersecting tau as a very important feature of neurodegenerative disease including Alzheimer's disease. I'd say three or four core things. One, it was a more advanced clinical stage asset that was of interest. Two, it was really quite clear that you had a very potent antibody here where they had generated a very compelling biomarker data in terms of robust lowering of CSF tau. There'd been more clinical experience and a known kind of benefit/risk profile that had been seen in many patients to date, as you would expect from a more advanced clinical asset. And then it also gave us this kind of accelerated opportunity in progressive supranuclear palsy as another very exciting indication for us.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D.: So I will start with that just to say that, I don't know that we're going to really comment that much around...
