Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Paul. The following is my take on how Biogen is opening the page for 2017. We have a stable leadership position in MS, with the remaining lifecycle management opportunities, for which I'll come back to you at a later stage. Our Biosimilars business is growing strongly. We are now the standard of care for SMA, and we believe intrathecal delivery opens up potential limited treatment modalities. I am very encouraged by the progress in our Phase 2 and 3 programs, such as (31:00), acute ischemic stroke, neuropathic pain, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, and last, but not least, our Alzheimer's disease program. All of these are breaking new ground in important areas of medicines and aiming to address significant unmet medical needs. We have reinforced our IP position for TECFIDERA and TYSABRI; we continue to be disciplined on expense management; and we aspire to continue delivering double-digit earning growth. With that said, good is not good enough, and we aim to do more. In 2017, we'll be focusing on flawless near-term execution, while laying the groundwork for Biogen's long-term sustainability and success, including our renewed prioritization on business development activities. 2017 will be a big year, and I could not be more excited to be taking over as CEO during such a critical time, as we continue to build our company and drive leadership in neurology and neurodegeneration. You can expect to hear more from me over the next six months as I work with the leadership team to reevaluate our strategy for long-term shareholder value creation, including efficient R&D investment and high return business development activities. In closing, I'd like to thank our employees around the world, who are dedicated to make a positive impact on patients' lives; and all of the physicians, caregivers, and participants in our clinical development programs. The past and future achievements could not be realized without their passion and commitment. With that, we open the call for questions.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: And concerning your second question, I will not enter into the debate on what real football is, but I'm a fan of all the teams around here, including the Celtics and the Patriots.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: And concerning the EU approval, it's probably my accent. It's mid-year that we expect to have SPINRAZA approval.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Yeah. So, on MS, it's all about implementation and execution. And what we can see is that when we do that well, and we can always do better, then we are able to start improving. For example, in Germany, with the launch of ZINBRYTA, this is now four months that we can see the share grow up to two years of being stable. In France, improved implementation for TEC, all-time high during the last results, during the prior audited results. But it's not the case everywhere. In the U.S., we've been a bit penalized as a market leader, with the contraction of the market in 2016. We believe this will normalize with the launch of OCRE, the way Paul said. This will expand the market, and the market will return to low single-digit growth. And the market leader will also benefit from that. So, it's (46:03) situation based on a very respectable competitor that will be launched this year, and with very good data in clinical trial setting that has to be confirmed with the label, we'll see, but also in real world. So, but in the meantime, we have 250,000 patients on TEC. The safety perception and efficacy perception on our product is well characterized. And we have many cards to play and play well. And we are launching in Japan. And last, but not least, for OCRE don't forget that we have tiered royalties in the U.S. from 13.5% to 24%. So, will be an exciting year. And again, I want to reassess that we remain fully committed in MS with the current portfolio and a lot of the current launches and lifecycle management opportunities.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So, what we can see is that it's a state-by-state opportunity, and this varies, obviously . This week we had the approval from a very large Medicaid coverage, but I will not say more at this stage on this one, because you saw also the Anthem decision. So, we believe that over time, logic will prevail in terms of having the patient access in therapy that is proven to save lives. And the demand from the patient side is there and is strong. This I can tell you. Concerning the early access program that we have open, in the U.S., we had 62 patients in 15 sites and ex U.S. we have 146 patients in 13 countries. So, all of those factors are coming into play. And so far, we are satisfied with the progress that we are making.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So, a gradual uptake throughout the year is that we should envision realistically, and this is of course (54:22) that this is absolutely the way that we (54:26) And again, the demand is there, and patients, through the doctors, through the providers, or directly to the call centers are getting engaged. So, these are very positive signs, obviously.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So, I will not comment on the third-party's data. Let's have them answer. (58:50). They had a methodology change, so I have noticed what you have noticed. What is important is that we continue on the demand generation to perform, and that the team is able to generate the demand as expected. From the data we have, we see a very slight erosion of TEC around the 19.2%, 19.1% (59:14) slight erosion. We can certainly see the inroads of AUBAGIO from the whole activity low base. This we can see. And we have to do a better job at that.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So, we want to provide the product for the patient in need all around the globe. And in Asia-Pac, there are plenty of opportunities. I'll be with Al and all the members of the team flying at the end of the week to Japan to meet authorities to discuss also SMA, so we are committed. We are meeting with authorities, and we are working on that.
Paul J. Clancy: Al will take the sola. But just on behalf of everybody here at Biogen, it's great to hear your voice, great for you to be back, and well wishes.
Paul J. Clancy: Ronny, this is Paul. I'll try to address the seasonality question. Yeah, I think you're basically right that in multiple sclerosis, and in our expectations, we expect some normal seasonality headwinds in the United States. We generally anticipate seeing gross to net as a percentage move up just in Q1. That's pretty normal. U.S. patients are oftentimes moving around with respect to changes in insurance. And sometimes, there's a little bit of a unit slippage on that. And the TECFIDERA inventory levels in the U.S. that I had pointed out that got high in Q3 and stayed in Q3 could experience a little bit of a drawdown. That doesn't change anything with respect to the fundamentals going through the rest of the year or over the long term.
Paul J. Clancy: Why don't Michel and I tag team this. This is Paul. The $5 million in Q4 was all channel build, Eric. So, as everybody knows, approved a couple of days before Christmas, 12/23. Our team worked real hard the week between Christmas and New Year's. Inclusive of that was just some small channel fill that wasn't related to anything, with respect to patients.
Paul J. Clancy: Gosh, Michael, I mean, we don't have many more calls to be able to say, it's early days, but it's still pretty early days. As we've pointed out, it's 40 or 50 sites that is a big percentage of the business in the United States, and then it broadens out from there. We are doing meaningful medical education across United States. We have a go-to-market, if you will, that includes going and providing care to the families and understanding. But I would say, we're early days in trying to get through these capacity constraints and early days with respect to reimbursement in all the insurer coverage. I know it's a very important thing, and what we'll try to do is in Reg FD settings, update people along the way, as we move through the launch.
Paul J. Clancy: Okay, Matt. This is Paul. We're going to have a hard time really engaging on this, obviously. So, I can't really get into specifics, because it does get into kind of legal strategy and all of that type of stuff. The way to think about the announcement that we made a couple of weeks ago on Forward Pharma, I think, is probably twofold. One is which, obviously, you're getting at. But one is the economics, which we laid out. And that was all about trying to reduce uncertainty in what we thought was a very prudent deployment and a good structuring of the economics. The second was kind of the structure and kind of keeping the interference going, and so on and so forth. And that was designed to attempt to ensure certainly, and that's what we believe, that we have the strongest patents over the long term across various scenarios, both in the U.S. and in the EU. So, there's lots of different scenarios. People have written about it. But that's probably about as far as I can. Thanks for the question.
Paul J. Clancy: Yeah, I mean, I think that, Josh, what you laid out is what we'd agree is this is the ambiguity of the uptake. And we're only weeks in. The awareness of SPINRAZA, I think, is absolutely there, tight knit community, extremely tight-knit set of physicians as well. As people know, when we talked about and provided top line data on the second interim readout, we alluded to that there was a chance we'd get approval in the fourth quarter or early 2017. Even though we conveyed that, that actually was not the general belief in the physician community. I think people were thinking more like spring. So, we went to work, trying to get that ready. But there's still a little bit of work around capacity constraints. And then what you point out is obviously the other big countervailing force, right? This is tremendous unmet need to patients that have a dire outcome. And I think we talk about that in Type 1, but I would say, that Type 2 is similar for any family that's burdened with this disease.
Paul J. Clancy: Well, I know of no regional differences in the incidents of SMA or the prevalence. We actually have filed for approval in Australia, Canada, and Japan, as well as Europe. And so, yeah, I mean, we would love to ultimately – I think every child with SMA deserves treatment. And so, that would be our goal.
Alfred W. Sandrock: So, on sola, there's a few key differences, right, between the sola trials and aducanumab. First of all, the patient population they studied was mild, with mild patients. We're studying the prodromal and the early mild. We continue to believe, and I think most of the community believes that the earlier the better, particularly for a-beta lowering therapies. The second is the outcome measure they used ADAS-Cog. And they actually looked at CDR sum of boxes as a secondary endpoint, I believe. And we believe CDR is a very good endpoint for early-stage Alzheimer's, and that's what we're using in our Phase 3 trial. I believe the Lilly results showed a P-value less than 0.05 on the CDR sum of boxes, even in the mild population. So, I thought that was encouraging. And finally, the difference in the antibody. Sola binds to soluble monomeric forms of a-beta, which means it binds to a lot of antigen in the circulation. The antibody probably, therefore, has a hard time getting to the brain. They actually couldn't show a lowering of amyloid plaque to a significant degree in the brain. Our antibody, in contrast, doesn't bind to the soluble monomeric form; it binds to the soluble oligomers. Binds also to the insoluble fibrillar forms. As a result, the antibody does get into the brain, and we have a substantial robust reduction in amyloid plaque in the brain at one year, which we published, dose-dependent. So, I think for all those reasons – I'm not sure you can read too much into the sola result and infer anything on what we're going to see with aducanumab.
Alfred W. Sandrock: Yeah, sure. You guys gave me the toughest question. This is Al, Ronny. We don't want to comment on interim analyses or futility analyses, or any of those kinds of things, so sorry.
Alfred W. Sandrock: Hi, Geoff. This is Al. We have not made any changes in the protocol to account for the seizure. Look, I mean, enrollment, as Michel said, we exceeded our stretch actually goal for 2016. Things are improving, I think, in terms of two fronts. Since we require a positive PET scan, it's hard to get PET scans lined up for people in certain countries. And with time, we've been able to sort out a lot of the issues related to getting PET ligand to the centers, where they have the PET scans and getting patients scanned. And I think that is improving. And hopefully, that'll help with enrollment. And then the other thing is that our publication last year really kind of continued to build excitement around our molecule, because we showed all the data we had from the preclinical studies and much of the data from the prime studies. So, that plus the CTAD results. So, think both of those things, I think, are encouraging, although, we still have, as you pointed out, a ways to go.
