Douglas Edward Williams: Thanks, Tony. This has been another productive and eventful quarter for our R&D organization. We presented data at a number of medical meetings on our diverse, late-stage and Commercial portfolio while advancing our early- to mid-stage pipeline. We believe our pipeline is maturing nicely and with 3 potential new product launches in 2014 and multiple pivotal and proof-of-concept readouts expected behind those, our underlying drivers of growth continue to look solid. Our 2 product candidates for hemophilia: ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE, are hopefully our next products to reach the market. We, along with our partner, Sobi, presented over 30 abstracts and gave 10 oral presentations on these products at the International Society of Thrombosis and Haemostasis Meeting, reinforcing the value proposition that we believe each of these products may potentially bring to patients. New data highlighted efficacy and safety findings, including the control of bleeding during and after surgery and the treatment of acute bleeding episodes. Data were also presented on the ability to assay ALPROLIX levels in patients, potentially enabling customized patient dosing regimens. We anticipate data from our ongoing ELOCTATE and ALPROLIX pediatric studies in 2014. We believe positive data from these pediatric studies should enable product submissions with the EMA, and the opportunity to seek expanded labeling for pediatric populations with the FDA. During the quarter, we also presented additional new data on TECFIDERA at the Consortium of Multiple Sclerosis Centers meeting, confirming that the majority of flushing and GI symptoms were mild to moderate in nature, and demonstrating that aspirin has the potential to be effective in diminishing flushing-related adverse events. In addition, a recently published Journal of Neurology manuscript examining subgroups from the Phase III DEFINE study, demonstrated that TECFIDERA was consistently effective across a broad set of patients with different demographic and disease characteristics. It's also been a busy quarter for TYSABRI, as we continue to focus on TYSABRI's powerful efficacy as its key differentiating factor, and the JCV assay as an effective patient management tool. At the European Neurology Society meeting, we presented preliminary TYSABRI-related data, showing that JCV antibody index levels correlate with PML risk in certain patients with no prior immunosuppressant use. The index is a reflection of antibody titer, and certain patients with higher titers appear to have increased PML risk. This research may allow further refinement of the PML risk stratification tools already in broad clinical use and may allow better management of TYSABRI patients. We also submitted an application for marketing authorization for TYSABRI in Japan, and we anticipate approval in the first half of 2014. Enrollment of the Phase III ASCEND trial, evaluating TYSABRI and SPMS, was also completed in the second quarter. We continue to make progress with our mid-stage pipeline and expect 3 pivotal readouts over the next 3 years: daclizumab in 2014, TYSABRI and SPMS in 2015 and potentially, SMNRx in 2016. During that time frame, we also expect to have meaningful data readouts from our early-stage programs, including: neublastin for neuropathic pain, STX-100 for IPF, BIIB037 for Alzheimer's disease, anti-CD40 ligand in SLE, anti-TWEAK in lupus nephritis and Anti-LINGO in acute optic neuritis and relapsing MS. So we believe we're on track to continue to bring new important medicines to patients in areas of high unmet need and further ensure that we have major value drivers going forward. I'll now pass the call to Paul to discuss our financial results.
Douglas Edward Williams: And Eric, this is Doug. The answer to your question with respect to the rate of PML, I think it's very difficult to come up with a number or to make any predictions about that. I think that what Tony was highlighting was the fact that we had a large number of patients who rolled off of TYSABRI and on to TECFIDERA. Many of them are probably out at or beyond 2 years, and are JC-positive. And just like we've seen with Gilenya and Copaxone and other disease-modifying drugs that patients have been rolled on to, we would anticipate seeing some cases of PML. And we'd expect to see that relatively soon, just given what we've seen with the other DMTs and the kinetics of that event. You'll recall that the TYSABRI label says to monitor patients for 6 months after they come off the drug for the emergence of PML, and so that's the sort of expected window in which these cases would emerge, but I can't give you a specific rate or number.
Douglas Edward Williams: And this is Doug. I'll take the question about the pipeline readouts. I think that in terms of insights into which of these will go to Phase III, which I think is the nature of your question, I think certainly, the ISIS data early in 2014 is going to be very important in terms of creating, hopefully, some additional excitement around that program and a desire to move that forward into registrational studies. And it's a repeat dose data that will be available to us early next year that, hopefully, will confirm that there's efficacy of that product in that disease, and that would lead us right into a very accelerated Phase III program. I'd say all of the Phase IIs are likely to be important in the context of generating enthusiasm for the registrational studies. STX-100 will basically give us the dose to move into a Phase IIb proper proof-of-concept study. LINGO will see the optic neuritis data. I'd see that as proof of biology and not necessarily as the data that would really get us excited about the product, which will come from the relapsing-remitting study in 2015. And then, the anti-TWEAK data will come later. But all of those are really critical studies. They are large enough. They are designed with endpoints that we think are going to be meaningful in terms of deciding where we go with those programs. And hopefully, those will all move to Phase III.
Douglas Edward Williams: Sure. This is Doug. I'll be happy to take that question. I think with respect to lymphocyte counts, we don't have the specific information on this patient at this moment. We're still investigating the case. But what I can say is that if you look back at the Phase III experience with the product that the kinetics of lymphocyte drop in patients that had it, tends to occur much later than what we've seen and in terms of -- this is a patient that was on drug for 5.5 weeks and then, came off for 2.5 weeks before they passed away. So I think there's a disconnect in the kinetics of any sort of lymphocyte issues here. But we don't have the lymphocyte counts on this particular patient. Again, I would point you back to the Phase III experience where there was no signal in terms of increased infection risk in patients who received TECFIDERA. So I think that our conclusion, based on the information we have available to us, is sort of twofold: number one, the cause of death was not GI complications as reported in the media; number two, it's pretty clear that this was bilateral pneumonia in this patient. But there's no suspected effect of TECFIDERA on increasing the risk of infection based on experience we have to date. So I think we feel pretty confident that this was an unfortunate set of circumstances in this individual patient that doesn't implicate TECFIDERA.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thanks, Paul. This was an excellent quarter for Biogen Idec. TECFIDERA's launch has gone very well, and we believe that TECFIDERA is on its way to becoming the major drug that provides solid efficacy and a good safety profile to large numbers of MS patients. We continue to believe in the future of TYSABRI, and are working to make sure that patients and physicians understand the value that the product brings to patients in need of high efficacy treatment. AVONEX continues to do well, and we believe our interferon franchise should be strengthened even further next year with the anticipated launch of PLEGRIDY. So as we've said many times, we believe that we're well positioned in MS with leading drugs in the oral category, the high efficacy category and the injectable category. Beyond MS, ELOCTATE and ALPROLIX are now under active review, also with anticipated U.S. launches next year. We believe that these products have the potential to transform hemophilia care, and we're excited about their potential. Our pipeline continues to move forward, and we expect to have meaningful readouts of pivotal and proof-of-concept trials in each of the next several years. So we're at the beginning of a new era for Biogen Idec. We're a global leader in MS, and our goal is to strengthen our position even further, at the same time as we expand into new indications. It's an exciting time to be here. We've accomplished a lot, but we fully recognize that we have a lot of work ahead of us. We know that if we execute well, our future is likely to be bright. We're working hard, staying focused and making sure that we achieve our ambitious goals. Achievement of our goals, to date, is the result of a lot of effort and dedication on the part of all the employees of Biogen Idec, and I want to take this opportunity to publicly thank all of them. And with that, we'll open up the call for Q&A.
George A. Scangos: We are all kind of looking around the room here. Well, I think the issue with the regulatory data protection is unique to Europe and doesn't exist in other geographies around the world, and so it's not an issue in Australia or Canada or the U.S.
George A. Scangos: Yes, thanks, Ravi. Look, there's no reason, at this point, to expect other issues. I'm sure that will crop up, as you said, we had the case this week that turned out to be erroneous and -- was erroneously reported and turns out to be unlikely have anything to do with TECFIDERA. There will probably be other ones of those as we go forward. Look, with respect to PML, I can just reiterate what Doug said. Patients coming off of TYSABRI are at risk for development of PML for a number of months after they discontinue therapy. But I think, in total, about 12% of our PML cases come from patients who have discontinued. Some of them are on other therapies, some of them are not, and we're likely to see the same phenomenon here. And so we are aware of that. We count those cases in our monthly reports when we issue our TYSABRI PML case reports regardless of what drugs patients have switched on to, and TECFIDERA will be treated just like we treat any other drug.
George A. Scangos: Look, the second part of your question, Yaron, is -- I don't think we said we were trying to explain the status. I think we said we want to make our entitlement to regulatory data protection clear to all parties. And we are, as Paul said, we're in an active process, and it's a constructive process, and we're working to achieve that goal.
George A. Scangos: Yes. Look, Aubagio, I think, and TECFIDERA are different products, different situations, and one has very little bearing on the other.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thanks, everybody. Had a great quarter, appreciate all the questions. And we can all get back to work now. Thanks for your attention.
Paul J. Clancy: 1.5. Yes, so look, we certainly wanted to go out of our way to point that the breakout between TECFIDERA channel inventory and in-market patient demand. I think people got that pretty clearly, it appears to me. By definition, the weeks in the channel at the end is like 1 divided -- whatever divided by the 13 weeks, right? So I think what I'd point you to is a couple of things as it relates to that. One is that we take the weeks in the channel very seriously, obviously, with AVONEX, with TYSABRI. And in this quarter, we specifically didn't want to really manage that hard because of the launch dynamics. We wanted to make sure there were no patient supply disruptions of any sort related to that. And particularly in the launch, you don't actually know which what SPPs are going to be the ones taking off versus the others. So that was the dynamic that -- it was probably a little bit more than we thought in terms of the inventory, but it was all to try to support the launch of the product, which was quite successful. As we go forward, what I would guide you to -- and we'll try to point out these dynamics as we go forward, but my expectations is that, for Q3 and for Q4, that our reported TECFIDERA numbers in the United States will largely line up with the in-market patient demand. Said another way, what's in the channel now, which is plus or minus 80, is probably what -- in the magnitude of what we could expect at the end of Q3, and what to expect at the end of Q4. So hopefully, that helps. The tax question is obviously much more complex. But in a given year, your effective tax rate has to mirror the cash flow, the projected cash flow. And given the strength of TEC in the United States, that puts a little bit of short-term upward pressure on the tax rate, greater than what we actually expected. So a good problem to have given that -- the U.S. launch, I think it's temporary as well.
Paul J. Clancy: I'll take the first part, and Tony will take the second part, Rachel. Thanks for the question. Look, it's really -- the revenue guidance -- we obviously, as everyone knows, don't break out product guidance. I think people would love that, but we actually just don't do that. And the revenue guidance, as it relates to the TECFIDERA E.U. number, is just not meaningful. So that really just doesn't say anything specific on the timing. The timing's hard to handicap, as George had mentioned. The outcome's obviously hard to handicap. So we're going to -- we're working constructively. The process is moving along, and that's really all we can say, kind of, at this point. Tony, do you want to grab the [indiscernible].
Paul J. Clancy: Maybe I'll quickly take the first part of that question. I think the last time we talked about this, the best insight we have is obviously United States on TYSABRI. But we think that outside the United States, the numbers I'll kind of share is indicative as well. But if you think of, literally, like, 90 days ago, we had shared that we thought about 2/3 of the patients on TYSABRI were JCV-negative, and we actually think that's accelerating. So it's probably north of that now, and that's fine. That's actually quite good, right? This is a remarkable product for those type of patients, and we think it'll continue to chug along, never getting to 100%, the majority of the patients being on JCV negative.
Paul J. Clancy: Nothing different, Terry, thanks for the question. Nothing different, really, on the AVONEX kind of thinking. So it's plus or minus. I mean, as you know, plus or minus on what is close to a $3 billion number is a big deal, and I appreciate that and I understand that. But I think it's -- the trends on AVONEX are largely as we expected, and I think that what you're seeing in our guidance on the top line and in the bottom line is just kind of really pulling through what is fundamentally a stronger U.S. TECFIDERA launch than we had expected. So great news on that.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, and just I think, discontinuations, compliance rate, all important factors, Matt. As you know, for the balance of year and years beyond, it's just early days. I mean, literally, even for us looking at the data, nothing really to report but it literally is just early days on that. And we've got programs in place to try to optimize that, but it's early days, really, in terms of the revenue curve.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes. Great question, John. I think I was referring more to the former than the latter. So I -- obviously, it leverages both the numerator and the denominator. So we are hopeful that we're going to have some continued top line growth. But I think -- and you combine that with our expectations that over the last 18, 24 months, over the next kind of 6 months, we have been making big investments in SG&A to support prelaunch commercial efforts, very much the obvious. We didn't want to be penny wise and pound foolish with the TECFIDERA launch. That's proven, so far, to be a very good judgment. But a lot of that build will -- we've moved towards containing that build and in particular in the U.S., we'll have some of that build ahead of us in multiple sclerosis for E.U., assuming the process moves forward. And we have some of that build for hemophilia ahead of us. But then, we're kind of left with leveraging that. The question of, is there MS -- within MS leverage, within kind of how we manage that. Tony and I have talked openly about that on these calls, and I think we've purposefully left it a question that we'll continue to reconsider and think about over the more multiyear time period.
Paul J. Clancy: Okay. No, good question. I think, Tony, it's in the range, right? I mean, a little bit of a range. So I don't expect SG&A to be going up dollar-for-dollar with the amount that revenue is going up on the guidance numbers. So there's some modest variable spending in SG&A that comes associated with extra revenue. We're trying to make sure that any of the operational issues on TECFIDERA from a supply perspective, from a reimbursement perspective that we're well funding this. So that's really what it's intended to kind of imply.
Tony Kingsley: Thanks, Eric. Maybe I'll take the first, and have Doug answer the second. So I would think about it this way, if you take the U.S. market, patient flows at sort of a steady-state, all in. The new starts, which is returning quitters, quitters going out, it runs at a rate of about 1,000 to 1,200 patients per week. You can do your patient numbers however you want, but I mean, just looking at the IMS data, it's pretty clear that TECFIDERA alone was running at something like twice that rate in the second quarter. So look, we clearly think that's going to come down and moderate over time. But we remain very optimistic about what the product profile is and the acceptance. So that's the way I think about that.
Tony Kingsley: Yes. So thank you. Look, I'll just repeat, our theory of the market, which we've talked about a lot of times is we think injectables will compress as a class, orals will grow and high efficacy will grow. Orals, with the launch of TECFIDERA off to a fast start, which obviously, we're excited about. The mid- to long-term trajectory of that, we still think injectables are going to be a meaningful portion of the market. We still think convenience is going to be the differentiator. We still think that the PLEGRIDY profile is potentially attractive there, and again, a less frequent injection with a good safety profile mechanism, which is interferon, is going to be appropriate for patients and may be an attractive alternative relative to the oral offerings as well. I don't think our fundamental belief set on that has changed yet. We'll have to see how the market evolves overall.
Tony Kingsley: Thanks. So I think we've said in the past we think the quitter pool, the long-term sort of quitter pool is north of 100,000. I think I've always talked about that as an area of opportunity but been cautious because those patients go off for a complex set of reasons, and often aren't looking for therapy, and it's relatively difficult to activate them. We've said about 1/4 of the patients who started on TECFIDERA in the quarter were not on prior therapy. Our sense is, returning quitters are a piece of that, but it's relatively small. But we think, over time, there is some potential there but we remain cautious about that. We haven't given out the percentage discontinuations. I think I would just repeat what I said in the script, which is that it's very small to date.
Tony Kingsley: Yes. So look, a significant portion of the patients that switched to -- off TYSABRI to TECFIDERA were JCV-positive. There's a mix in terms of the length of -- as was always the case, in terms of the length of treatment on TYSABRI -- suppression. But the point was there's 2 things. One, not surprisingly with a new alternative in the market, a number of patients switch relatively quickly, and we think that leveled out closer to market share over time. And second, there's a meaningful pool of this higher-risk group of patients that Doug talked about that are in there. In terms of oral pressure outside the United States, to be explicit, Gilenya is competing very hard in Europe against TYSABRI, and we have some work to do to continue to push TYSABRI's efficacy profile and risk stratification. That's really what the indication there is.
Tony Kingsley: Thanks. It's Tony. So look, plus/minus on the switching relative to market share, we track it week-by-week. It's early days. We believe that AVONEX should outperform on a relative basis among the interferons. It's just very early days in terms of numbers, and we're not surprised that it's roughly at market share. So I think it'll take a little while to develop some more noticeable trends on where the switches are and whether there is differentiation across the therapies, which we believe will happen, but it's early days.
Tony Kingsley: Good question. Maybe I'll take them in reverse order. So 3,500 physicians have written already. So you can take some comment about who's on the sidelines -- there was not that kind of -- depending on how deep you go in the deck, 6,000, 7,000, 8,000 are kind of a key where you get 80-20 in MS prescription in this market. So we're comfortable that the signal about a broad acceptance of the product profile, and we're also comfortable that there are a lot of physicians writing the product. Certainly, there are cases, I'm sure, where physicians have had frustration with getting patients started on therapy and payer dynamics. That's geographically different -- can be locally very different depending on the payer mix. Our patient services and manage market teams are working with offices in trying to work through those things on a case-by-case basis. We think we've cleared what were some of the early hurdles that were just, frankly, part a function of very, very high demand at the outset. So we know there's some frustration out there, we are engaging with the physician offices constantly. And we feel like we've largely worked through some of the early operational issues. In terms of reimbursement, we're comfortable where we are. Again, we anticipated that we would have payers placing restrictions. We anticipated and communicated that step at its prior outset [ph], et cetera. We're working through that. We, I think, anticipated that kind of 6- to 9-month process, typically, to work through with payers. In process, we feel like it's moving in the right direction, and we're comfortable with where we are.
Tony Kingsley: Good question. So QuickStart is our program to help bridge patients when the reimbursement is being adjudicated. Less than 10% in QuickStart. The conversion rate, we are converting people out of QuickStart over time. There's different pace for the people who are in there, depending on how hard it is to work through the individual payer issues. But we think we're working through that backlog, and under 10% in QuickStart.
Tony Kingsley: Tony, in terms of the share shift, good question. We're constantly looking at that. I think it's a little early in the evolution of the market to make a call on that. But we are obviously, constantly, think -- we continue to think we're happy with the success of TECFIDERA and where we think it's headed. We continue to think the injectables will be a meaningful portion of the market for some time to come. We want to outcompete in that area, and we'll get the appropriate level of resource against that, but it's something we're constantly looking at a balance across the franchise. And I'll remind you, we have a franchise with a goal in patients across the franchise. And as you think about SG&A leverage in the next couple of years, you have new competitors coming in, the market is getting more crowded, not less crowded. So there are going to be a lot of people to compete with. So we're very mindful of that as well.
