Tony Kingsley: Thank you, Doug. The MS franchise continued its strong momentum into the fourth quarter as we delivered double-digit revenue growth for both the quarter and the full year. In the fourth quarter, AVONEX continued to show resilience in the U.S. while we experienced growth ex-U.S. Worldwide, units grew 1% while revenue increased 8% in the fourth quarter, capping off a solid year for the franchise and highlighting our refocused commercial execution. Despite pressure on the ABCRE market, fourth quarter U.S. AVONEX units were in line with the previous quarter, with the anticipated U.S. approval of AVONEX PEN, and for the AVONEX Titration Kit in 2012, we will continue to build upon these 2011 results. Outside the U.S., fourth quarter units and revenues both grew 4% year-on-year, and for the full year, units gained 6%. AVONEX remains the market leader, and share growth was strong in countries where we have launched the AVONEX PEN such as the U.K., Germany, Canada and the Netherlands. Moving to TYSABRI. We made tremendous progress with both sales performance and the advancement of risk stratification, which continues to drive interest in the brand. The JCV assay became commercially available in both the EU and U.S. last year. And as of December 31, there have been approximately 87,000 JCV tests globally, some of which are patients being tested for the second time. We believe that the majority of TYSABRI patients have now been tested for their JCV antibody status. As we saw last quarter, the very rapid uptake of the assay created uneven net new patient growth due to increased discontinuation as more patients became aware of the their JCV antibody status. At the same time, demand for TYSABRI remained robust and we remain confident that the increased interest in risk stratification will continue to drive strong demand going forward. Full-year global units increased 16% while revenues to Biogen Idec increased 20%. Net new patients increased by 7,200 for the year, an increase of 13%. In the U.S., fourth quarter TYSABRI units grew 10% year-on-year. This is the fifth consecutive quarter where we delivered unit growth for TYSABRI. For the full year, units grew 12%. With the recent FDA label approval that identified the antiJCV antibody status as an additional risk factor, we are now able to speak actively with neurologists and provide the MS community with more confidence when considering treatment options. Outside of the U.S., TYSABRI units grew 19% for the full year and 20% in the fourth quarter. In these markets, TYSABRI also grew 2x faster than the overall MS market growth rate, driven by both patient growth and additional country launches. While we're still in the beginning stages of the FAMPYRA launch, we're encouraged by the early strong results. There's been pent-up demand for the therapy, and given our strong position in the MS marketplace, we continue to gain access to physician and drive additional interest.  In Germany, we've seen strong uptake, with more than 7,000 patients exposed to FAMPYRA through year end since its launch in September 2011. This important therapy is currently available in Germany, the U.K., Australia, Denmark, Norway and Iceland. Additional launch preparation is underway for the rest of Europe and regulatory filings are planned in over 20 additional countries this year. In 2012, our focus will be to drive our existing commercial therapies, keeping the momentum we've seen in 2011 going forward. We're excited about preparing our organization for potentially multiple product launches. With the expectation of the first-half 2013 launch for BG-12, we are making investments now in product positioning, promotional planning, scientific outreach, shaping our patient support services and supply chain. We plan to build customer-facing resources later in the year. Similarly, preparations are underway as we make investments in our Hemophilia franchise for an expected mid-2013 launch. We are new to the Hemophilia market but we've already put in place a commercial team composed of seasoned professionals with significant experience in the Hemophilia space, which we will scale up as we get closer to launch. We are developing relationships with the medical and scientific community globally and we will be leveraging our strengths in patient services. We believe that this will offer a competitive advantage to the Hemophilia marketplace. We're making great progress and are on track for successfully executing multiple product launches in the coming years. I'm confident that we'll continue to build upon our commercial foundation and that will drive future growth. With that, I'll turn the call over to Paul Clancy, our Chief Financial Officer.
Tony Kingsley: Jeff, it's Tony. So we did see an increase in discontinuation rate in sort of 2 chapters in 2011. In the early part of the year, we saw an increase in discontinuations in the U.S. as I think we've talked about because as patients went through the STRATIFY study, we got some lumpiness in the -- particularly the first quarter and the first half of the year. We saw a nice recovery from that and lots of increased demand through the year. We are facing on a country-by-country basis in Europe, somewhat of a repeat of that in the later part of 2011 into early 2012. So I think that's what you've seen. If the U.S. experience plays out, we're confident that those numbers will recover because we see more demand for the product after you get through that initial discount. In terms of the nature of the patients, I think we have seen that the general trend is more confidence -- making physicians confident moving the treatment earlier in the period [ph]. And I think we'll continue to see that going forward.
Tony Kingsley: It's Tony. On the topic of positive patients, I don’t think we've seen a meaningful change in that trend. We track that largely outside the U.S. through market research on a periodic basis. I don't think we have a meaningful update to that, country-by-country.
Tony Kingsley: So this is Tony. Maybe I'll take the second one and let Paul talk to the first one. So on IQWIG, because FAMPYRA was launched in July 2011, it's actually in an extended version of the [indiscernible] process, which takes 18 months. So we expect to get an IQWIG rating in Q2 of 2012.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thanks, Paul. So before I conclude, I would like to congratulate the entire organization on their accomplishments in 2011. The performance and our outlook are a credit to the entire team, and without their dedication and passion, our overall solid financial performance and the remarkable progress we've made, advancing one of the strongest late-stage pipelines in the industry, would not have been possible. We continued our transformation of the company and met the goals we set for ourselves at the beginning of 2011. Although we've accomplished a lot so far, we still have a lot to do. In 2012, we'll focus on execution as we invest in our future success, and at the same time, deliver product and EPS growth. I'm confident that we can do this and I'm looking forward to updating you on our progress along the way during the year. So with that, we'll close our remarks and open up the call for questions.
George A. Scangos: Yes, sure. I mean, that's a good question. I'm glad you asked it, so we have a chance to address it. It's -- you know what is true is that the $300 million in savings that we achieved are still there, they're in there. We are in a year now when our clinical -- our late-stage clinical trial enrollment is likely at its maximum points. As Paul went through in his statement, PEGylated Interferon, dexpramipexole, the 2 blood factors, daclizumab, the safety extension studies for BG-12 are all at their peak. And so a large fraction of our R&D dollars, now way over half of our R&D dollars, is going just to pay for those trial. They enrolled more quickly than we had anticipated, which means we got up to the maximum costs more quickly than we had anticipated. And frankly, as you think about the company going forward, you expect to have some attrition. And that's the normal. We didn't have any. And failure is cheap and success costs money, and so we are paying for those trials. At the same time, because we know the data for BG-12, and we are, let's say, preparing and optimistic about Factor VIII and IX, we're spending substantially -- let's say, substantial amount of resources to prepare for the launches of those products. You can look at many of the product launches that have been done recently. Some of them have gone well, some of them haven't. And we need to make sure we get ours right, and that takes some preparation. And so we're spending on those as well. So we have -- I think, there's a difference in spend where you are inefficient and wasting money. Not spending adequately on the commercial preparation would be foolish savings. So we're not, not doing that. We're spending, I think, prudently and thoughtfully, but we are investing appropriately. And we are, I guess, saddled with a lot of Phase III costs, which is, in the end, a good thing. But this is the year when I think all those are maximized.
George A. Scangos: Yes, let me take the first part of that. And Eric, I think R&D expenses as a percentage of revenues will come down. There's no question about that. I think 20% is not a bad target. I would -- and I'm not trying to back away from that. But what is important for me mostly is that we don't waste money, right? And this year, where we have all the late-stage trials to invest in, we have to invest in them. And that's really what's causing R&D budget to be higher. And those will naturally come to an end and the cost will taper down and R&D costs will come down. And assuming that our early-stage pipeline develops along normal metrics, yes, it'll probably come down to that number you said. If the pipeline is less successful than we hoped, it could be lower. If it's more successful than we hoped, it could be somewhat higher. But I think that's a reasonable target.
Paul J. Clancy: And then Eric, this is Paul. Just to give a little bit more color on the tax rate. Yes, the guidance for 2012 shows a little bit of improvement vis-à-vis our last few years of guidance. And that's a couple of factors. The orphan drug programs that we have, specifically Factor VIII, Factor IX, dex, all have this ability to capture orphan drug research credits, which over the long haul, it depends on the shape of programs kind of coming forward that may kind of apply for that. Isis would be one that would. But that is a number of years off. Additionally, what I had noted is that outside the United States, we have heretofore had a royalty payment that is paid from a foreign affiliate to a U.S. affiliate that will end in mid-2012. So that is sustainable going forward. Over the longer term, I think that all in all, there's downward pressure on our effective tax rate as BG-12 becomes a greater part of our profit mix. And conversely, the RITUXAN cash flow that is subject to essentially all U.S. taxes becomes a lower percentage of our profit mix. Both of those are probably offset by the fact that we intend to do or continue to do cost sharing on programs. So we intend to still -- which has the effect of -- for a portion of R&D not capturing some tax deduction on those expenses. But all told, I think it's a modestly favorable story over the next couple of years and a good story over the longer term.
Paul J. Clancy: Good problem, this is Paul, Rachel. Cash flow generation, the company still remains very, very strong, puts us in a great position. And certainly, I think our -- we feel no doubt that a very productive use of the cash has been building the early-stage pipeline. The Phase I/II assets have matured into largely what is the late-stage pipeline now. And I think that we have created a really good late-stage pipeline. It's been an important way to do that and create shareholder value. The Portola and ISIS deals kind of show our indication to continue that strategic kind of point of view. Historically, we've been very disciplined on our deployment of cash, and continue to do so and look for all ways. I mean, the guidance is share stabilization if we decide to kind of return cash to shareholders, we're going to communicate that and update accordingly.
Paul J. Clancy: Great question, Jeff. Yes, I think the other reason it ticked up a little bit was we had a little bit more than normal write-offs in Q4 of 2011. Most of those write-offs were excess in obsolescence write-offs related to ZEVALIN. So we have actually a supply agreement that is, obviously, a number of years old related to the divested product and just literally because the end market sales have attenuated there. We've had to take a write-off in Q4. We think that is for the most part, behind us. Our yields across the plant have been on track. And then I think the other thing going into 2012 is that we will benefit a little bit from a more productive, if you will, biologics manufacturing going back in late 2009 and into 2010. So I mean, curiously, our productivity in a given year benefits the P&L a number of years down the line simply because of the inventory balances that we hold in this business. We will continue to have costs that are related to the assay that we do think that are very important, particularly at this stage of TYSABRI and in risk stratification to be behind the brand. There's an opportunity for improvement if we can get that reimbursed in the United States, because currently we and Elan bear the burden of that on the P&L. As you had inferred that as RITUXAN may become lower percentage of the mix, that has a very favorable gross margin obviously. But I think the products that come on also are pretty strong gross margins, kind of BG-12, et cetera. So I think we're -- that where we're thinking in the zone of 90% to 91% of sales on the gross margin line is a good number to have.
Paul J. Clancy: Thomas, this is Paul. Look, we always go back at this point in every quarter and try to, particularly on the international TYSABRI patient numbers, reflect the best of information available that generally will move numbers around a not very meaningful amount. That probably is the biggest reason for the change vis-à-vis the January 4 medical communication. We'll look into and try to get back to you if there's anything further than that. But I believe it's owing to, in essence, the international numbers. The U.S. numbers aren't subject to a lot of changes because of the TOUCH program. We have a tremendous amount of visibility so we don't see a lot of changes in that. It's just that country by country, there are different methodologies that we use on the TYSABRI patient numbers and we always try to look hard and quality-control those to try to get the best information available.
Paul J. Clancy: And then Josh, just a little bit more color on the Italian situation on TYSABRI. We were granted authorization in 2006. So this actually goes back to 2006. And we entered into agreement with the Italian Medicines Agency known as AIFA, that's just the initials for that, to set a price. And that price was subject to a reimbursement ceiling for the first 24 months. In the fourth quarter of 2011, we got a notification from the Italian Medicine Agency saying that we had exceeded the ceiling for a subsequent 24-month period. And that's what we're contesting. And -- but it has a peculiar impact of really just trying to look at our revenue recognition going forward from the receipt of that letter. So it really gets into an accounting judgment and reserves around fixed and determinable pricing. And we're simply booking to that new ceiling until we resolve the issue, until we negotiate it or have a new set of facts, which we hope will happen in the first half of 2012 and then that will create some changes to the estimates that we have accrued heretofore.
Paul J. Clancy: I don't want to comment on how -- where it will land but if there will be a change to whatever we kind of have is the reserve once we get a new set of facts, the actual facts. I think -- we don't believe that we were unique in this perspective. We had heard that other companies actually have gone through similar things, that's from our advisers. And with respect to other countries, nothing meaningful to report in terms of similar type of analogs at all.
Douglas Edward Williams: We have not talked about the study conduct itself with respect to any futility analysis or anything along those lines. This is Doug, by the way. So no, we have nothing to say about that at this point, except that the study is continuing to run and we'll see the data in the second half of this year.
Douglas Edward Williams: This is Doug. We're not providing any additional granularity around first half for BG-12. And as far as the blood factors are concerned, both of those are going to readout in the second half. I can't give you anymore guidance than that at this point, but we're on track with all the studies to submit to both the EU and U.S. authorities first half for BG-12 and then we'll see data for both of the factors in the second half.
Douglas Edward Williams: As I mentioned, we conducted a bioequivalent study to essentially look at a single capsule as opposed to 2 capsules. As you know, we're going forward. We believe that the drug will be a BID drug. The way it has been formulated and the way the Phase III study was done was with 2 capsules in the morning, 2 capsules in the evening. We've now created a single capsule that has the same drug dose, done the bioequivalent study and demonstrated obviously bioequivalence. So we plan to file that with the regulators and seek approval for what we believe will be a more convenient dosing approach for patients with the single capsule twice a day. That will be part of the package and we believe we have appropriate data to support being able to move to that as we get the drug approved.
