Christopher Viehbacher: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us. It's a pleasure to welcome you here today. This is my first earnings call since joining Biogen. Now, clearly, Biogen has a strong legacy as one of the pioneers in biotechnology, and there's clearly a strong foundation to build upon. Equally, there's an urgent need to restore growth to the company. We have a great opportunity ahead with a potential launch of two important near-term launches with Alzheimer's and depression, and we have several pipeline programs. We'll be covering a lot more about how we intend to return to growth. But first, I'd like to turn this over to Mike and invite Mike to provide an overview of the fourth quarter and full year financial results.
Christopher Viehbacher: Yes, thanks for the question. Look, I'm not so sure, first of all, that precedent is going to really matter here. I think this is an unusual set of circumstances. And -- so there are negotiations and discussions ongoing between Eisai and CMS today. CMS could decide whatever, but the feeling is, is that they're going to wait until there is a traditional approval and then we'll see. Will there be a registry, won't there be a registry, we just don't know at this stage? What I would say is that I think you're seeing a much different tone in the broader community than we had with ADUHELM. You've seen the American Association of Neurologists write to CMS to support reimbursement. You've seen members of Congress, I can tell you that the neurology community look at -- broadly look at the CLARITY data as being very compelling in terms of the impact. Obviously, CMS makes its own decisions. But I think there's a growing consensus that this is a medicine that is very much needed by a broad population, and Eisai has guided to their hope that there would be this broader reimbursement once they have traditional approval.
Christopher Viehbacher: In OpEx, you've got two big buckets, right? You've got R&D and you've got SG&A. In R&D, we are looking at this whole prioritization exercise. And that means if you want to save money to a degree you have to -- you may have to cut some programs. And that's not something that you want to do quickly. You need to go and look at each program thoroughly, determine probabilities of success, cost to complete a whole bunch of other things. There is an infrastructure element to R&D that we will be looking at as a matter of priority. And then you have SG&A and within the sales and marketing, obviously, most of that spend is really going to the MS franchise. Now the MS franchise still supports most of our revenue in the business. And so one has to be careful about how much we want to reduce that spend by, but clearly, that's a declining revenue base. And so I think what you're really going to see is a shift from some of those resources to supporting the launch. Now there's hundreds of millions of dollars going between Eisai, Sage and Biogen behind the prelaunch activities this year for LEQEMBI and zuranolone. And those are obviously strategic products for all of the companies, and we really need to support the launches. But we have to be find the right balance and not seeing a decline in MS sales beyond what we already see. And then there is G&A, and we will be taking a close look at that this year. So you're going to see some reductions in cost, but there's also going to be some new investments. And so it's a little hard to say at this point where we're going to end up on margins. But if you strip out the royalty and collaboration income and do the OpEx to sales ratios, we're clearly higher than most of our peer companies. And considering that we have a fairly mature product profile of high volume -- of high-value, low-volume products, we should be more profitable. But the company has already taken $1 billion out. So that means more cost savings have to be done thoughtfully. So we'll be giving you updates throughout the year on that. But we are conscious that the cost base needs to be more productive than it is. On ADUHELM, ADUHELM will see -- we will be looking at the EMBARK data, which is long term, that will give some information about not just for ADUHELM, but also how we think about the longer-term treatment of amyloid-reducing antibodies. There, we also need to see exactly what the landscape is. What I can tell you is, there is no commercial effort behind ADUHELM. Our focus is on LEQEMBI. We believe that is the product that is most appropriate for patients. We do have a commitment to the FDA to do this confirmatory study, so we have to think through that carefully. But I just want to be clear that from a strategic point of view LEQEMBI is our absolute priority and ADUHELM is not being actively commercialized anywhere.
Christopher Viehbacher: So, on R&D, again, you have a number of projects that have been ongoing for a number of years. We have a number of products actually in Phase III that are actually proof-of-concept studies. There are at least -- not even including ADUHELM, we have three products in development where we did not have safety or efficacy data out of a positive Phase II. So, I think we need to think carefully about each of those programs. It does take some time, and there is always a question of, well, how much do we have to spend to the next milestone? And is that really worth it? Can we think about different ways of doing the study? Can we derisk these? So that will probably take us through to the summer before I think we can really make too many decisions on that front. Biosimilars, it's an extremely strong team, and they've built a successful business, but I look at Biogen as a company with innovative medicines. We're not a huge company by any means, and there needs to be a focus. So, we are looking at what's the right business model for it. It is a successful business. It's an important business for society. But we need to think about where we put our resources. When you look at the cost base, it's not just a question I found in the company about how much we spend, but how we spend it. And there have been a number of pet projects around and other areas where we're spending money. And I think one of the things I'm really trying to drive is focus in the company. What really matters, what's going to grow the business and how do we align our resources behind that? And whatever is not one of the major growth drivers, I think we have to look carefully at and whether we continue to either to support that business with resources or we think about other options for some of those businesses.
Christopher Viehbacher: So, on the capacity, obviously, Biogen had worked quite -- made quite a bit of progress on that for the launch of ADUHELM. And so, I would say we're probably in better shape today than when we were at the launch of ADUHELM. Nonetheless, it's not like there are a lot of empty infusion centers waiting for Alzheimer's patients today. So, there is going to have to be continued investment, and it will take time. And I think one of the reasons that we have guided to 100,000 patients is that it's just going to -- they're going to be constraints to the system. There's not a lot of point talking about what's the potential, how many Alzheimer's patients out there and how many are eligible, there are natural constraints to this. There's also going to have to be a careful selection of patients as to who's really the best patient to benefit from this treatment and physicians will take their time to understand this new therapy and get experience with the drug. So, it's going to be slow, steady progress. I can't give you -- I wouldn't want to comment today on how many sites, but it is something that is obviously a major part of this launch. That's why I say it's not really a round white tablet as the launch.
Christopher Viehbacher: From a management point of view, you have to think about what is your -- what's your team good at? And what's interesting about Biogen is it's been a very narrowly focused company. They've been very good on what has been done in multiple sclerosis, for example, but you have to think carefully about how broadly you go because we are extremely good at selling high-value, low-volume products. And even as we contemplate the zuranolone launch, we are going to be going to a much broader population. We're probably going to have a lot more patient outreach. I think Biogen has done exactly on television commercial in its history. And that's something we're going to have to get good at. So, as you think about business development, you have to think about, okay, you can potentially look at things on paper, but can you execute well on them? Now when I look at it, I say, I'd like to be a little bit broader than the traditional neurodegenerative diseases because I don't want to abandon them by any means, but if your only business is that, you are really destined to do these long-term studies that are highly costly and often the Phase III becomes the proof of concept because you can't really test these things adequately in Phase II. And so, if I sort of say, "Well, where could we legitimately go? Where do we have some experience?" Well, we can certainly be because I would argue that things like lupus, where we already are, even multiple sclerosis is really an autoimmune disease. So, I can see us branching out more into immunology. Psychiatry will have one product in the bag with zuranolone. Would it make sense to expand more into psychiatry? And obviously, with SPINRAZA, when we look at how do we get more out of SPINRAZA? When you're in the rare disease business, it's different than most other businesses. Most other therapeutic areas, you go see a physician because the patients go to the physician. In rare diseases, you have to go find the patient. I remember at Genzyme, someone the marketing teaching me very early on that the marketing strategy is looking for needles in haystack. And that actually becomes a core competency. And that's one of the areas that we have to go after. We've done an awful lot of easier-to-find patients who are more serious and are naturally visiting physicians. But there are, for instance, adult patients who are difficult to diagnose. And so, looking at increasing the patient numbers means that we're going to have to be good at rare diseases. And once you have that core competency in my view, you can be in rare disease and you can be therapy or indication-agnostic in that area. So that's where we're starting because I think we can execute in those areas. Could that be acquisition, could be late stage in licensing. We could look at all of the above. And I -- look, Biogen hasn't necessarily looked at acquisitions as part of its growth strategy. Equally, I tell people, there wasn't a lot of point hiring me if you don't want to go do deals. So not to say we are, but I think there is now an openness within the company to at least look at it. Now as we all know; M&A is hard to execute on and get something that is truly accretive and generates a return on investment. And that's why we are really focused, first and foremost, on driving the most that we can out of organic growth. But I would say that we are open to anything in those four areas that I mentioned before.
Christopher Viehbacher: Firepower is not necessarily the main constraint finding something that's worthwhile doing is the really hard part of this.
Christopher Viehbacher: Tim, the way I look at this is, I think what we're going to see over time is that you're going to have a plaque removal phase of treatment and then a maintenance. And in the short term, we can talk about potential for subcu, but really, I would say for the next two to three years, the demand for the product is probably more limited by capacity of the system to actually diagnose and treat patients. So, an IV will be a port for the convenience of patients, but I'm not sure that short-term, it's really going to have that much impact on demand. One game-changer, I think, to me is blood biomarkers. If we can eliminate the PET scans and in particular or the lumbar puncture, this will make it a whole lot easier for the whole medical community to at least get the diagnosis, and we can probably reduce the overall treatment cost of a patient. Those blood biomarkers have been around for some time, but until there was a treatment, there wasn't a commercial market for those diagnostics. So, to me, the biggest game-changer that could occur is if we can get some of these blood diagnostics to market sooner. It's -- they're probably still a couple of years away. But there is important, in my mind, commercially as a subcu.
Christopher Viehbacher: Again, I think as -- obviously, we have to wait now and see the data and get approval for these things. But I think you're probably going to be in this plaque removal process, and that's every two weeks.  As you get into maintenance, as Priya said, the dosing regimen could change. And obviously, if you were to go from two weeks to one month, that has an overall per patient cost on an annualized basis that would be lower. So, I think you'll see potentially a lower patient cost just because of the different dosing regimen over time. Shorter term, again, I think we probably have more patients out there than the system can manage. And so, I don't think there's going to be that much price pressure. Once the system adapts, there may be over time, but I don't really see prices being the main aspect of this. And remember, when you look at this -- I mean, we're talking about $26,500 for the drug cost. But there's a lot more cost to the system for the treatment of the patients. A PET scan, for instance, costs around $7,000 as an example, and you have the MRIs and you have the treatment. And that's why, to me, blood diagnostics could play a bigger role in actually reducing the overall cost. And I think those types of things, and as we move into maintenance dosing regimen, we may find that the average annual cost of a patient goes down, although we're not necessarily touching the price of the drug.
Christopher Viehbacher: Sure. To me, risk management is something that is part of the day job in a pharma company. You obviously, can't do anything unless you take risk. We develop products in early stage. If you're talking about Phase I, you've got 10% probability of success. I think there's a couple of areas that we would look at. The first thing is, obviously, if you can do a Phase II study where you get a lot of confidence out of safety and efficacy before you go into a Phase III study, you have essentially, at every stage of development, from Phase I to Phase II, Phase II to Phase III derisk that. We sometimes can't do it. If you look at Alzheimer's and the development of either lecanemab or ADUHELM, you can start to see, for instance, that you're reducing plaque, but one of the problems we -- a lot of companies had is that they didn't reduce the plaque enough, and you're not going to know whether you have reduced the plaque enough until you see a benefit in cognitive function. But you really can't do that until you go into large studies and take a long time because these diseases progress so slowly. So, to me, one of the areas is that we can -- if you go into autoimmune diseases or you're into psychiatry, you can have a more classical drug development where you can derisk more in Phase II, you can get a proof of concept. As I said earlier, we are sometimes doing proof of concept in Phase III, which is an expensive way to do proof of concept. So just even thinking about moving into some of these other areas allows us to do more classical drug development. The other is, of course, that we can start to license in products and that are a lot closer to market, and you're not taking quite as much risk on those. But it's really a function of when you look at it, how much are precedented versus unprecedented mechanism of action? How much are small molecules versus large molecules? Can we do more collaborative-type approaches? But this notion of always doing proof of concept in Phase III is a highly expensive, highly risky approach. And I think having a few of those projects in our pipeline is good, having 100% of our pipeline and projects like that is challenging. And if you look at it, we don't really have an approval coming in our pipeline for several years yet here because we're waiting on these long-term studies. So, having things that read out on a little bit more frequent basis would be helpful to looking at sustainable growth of the company.
Michael McDonnell: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. So I will provide some highlights of the financial performance for the fourth quarter and any financial comparisons that you hear me make will be versus the fourth quarter of 2021. Our total revenue for the fourth quarter was $2.5 billion, and that's a decrease of 7% at actual currency and 4% at constant currency. Non-GAAP diluted EPS in the fourth quarter was $4.05, and that's an increase of 19% versus the fourth quarter of 2021. MS product revenue was $1.3 billion, and that's a decrease of 17% at actual currency and 14% at constant currency. And this decline was primarily due to the impact of TECFIDERA generics as well as continued declines in the Interferons and some pricing pressure. We have continued to see a number of the TECFIDERA generics launch across multiple European countries, and we expect a decision from the European Court of Justice related to our market protection by March 16 of this year. Separately, we do continue to enforce our recently granted European TECFIDERA dosing patent, which expires in 2028.  We also continue to enforce our IP for TYSABRI. We have sued Polpharma and Sandoz to enforce those rights that have moved for a preliminary injunction against the launch of Sandoz and Polpharmas biosimilar in the United States. Regarding potential supply constraints for VUMERITY, we believe that we have resolved previously reported manufacturing issues at our contract manufacturer. We're currently in the process of securing regulatory approvals for a secondary source of supply, and we do not anticipate a supply shortage in 2023. Moving now to SMA. Global SPINRAZA revenue was $459 million, and that's a 4% increase in actual currency and 10% at constant currency. In the United States, SPINRAZA revenue increased by 5% versus the prior year, and we continue to believe that we may be seeing signs of stabilization. Outside of the U.S., revenue increased 4% at actual currency and 12% at constant currency, with continued growth primarily in our Asian markets, and that was partially offset by competition in Europe. Biosimilars revenue was $175 million, and that's a 21% decline in actual currency and 15% at constant currency. And that's due to continued pricing pressure and some net pricing adjustments during the quarter. Total anti-CD20 revenue of $448 million was up 8% versus the prior year. Revenue from OCREVUS royalties increased 19%, which was partially offset by a revenue decline of 14% related to our profit share on RITUXAN. The RITUXAN decline was due to biosimilar competition. Regarding expenses, for the fourth quarter, non-GAAP cost of sales was $571 million, which is 22% of revenue and that includes $36 million of idle capacity charges. Eisai's share of these charges is reflected as part of the collaboration profit sharing line, and that is not part of cost of sales. Fourth quarter non-GAAP R&D expense was $602 million, and this compared to $700 million in the fourth quarter of 2021 and the fourth quarter of 2021 included approximately $110 million in payments related to some business development transactions. Non-GAAP SG&A was $632 million, and this compared to $785 million in the fourth quarter of 2021, and this decrease in SG&A expense was driven primarily by our previously announced cost savings initiatives. We remain on track to achieve our previously announced $1 billion in cost savings initiatives, and I'll comment on this a bit further when I discuss our guidance for 2023. As for our balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $5.6 billion in cash and marketable securities. We had $6.3 billion in debt and roughly $700 million in net debt. And as a reminder, we expect to receive an additional $1.25 billion over the next 15 months from the sale of our equity stake in Samsung Bioepis and that includes approximately $813 million, which is due in April of this year. So overall, we remain in a very strong financial position with significant cash and financial capacity to invest in growing the business over time. Later in the call, I will discuss our guidance assumptions as well as some important accounting considerations for 2023. But for now, I will turn the call back to Chris.
Michael McDonnell: And I'll just quickly add, Evan, to your question on size of deals, without commenting on how large a deal we might do or a series of deals just in terms of aggregate capacity. As we mentioned up front, we ended year with $5.6 billion in cash, we have more coming in from Samsung in the early second quarter of this year, and we have a modest amount of debt. So, you can pretty quickly get to a close to better part of $10 billion of capacity number that we can utilize in a variety of ways.
Michael McDonnell: Yes, $800 million that's coming in April and then another $400 million-plus that will come in next year.
