Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Mike. Now let me share with you how we are thinking about the rest of 2017. We expect that SPINRAZA continues on a strong trajectory in terms of patient uptake in the U.S. and internationally. However, due to the impact of the dosing scheduling, we anticipate SPINRAZA revenue growth in Q4 will be mostly driven by ex-U.S. markets. We expect OCREVUS will have a modest net negative impact on our MS portfolio, and we expect the typical seasonality for MS in Q4. And for expenses, we expect OpEx in Q4 to increase versus Q3, as we invest behind our strategic priorities. In conclusion, I believe we have a clear direction. Our actions are aligned to our strategic imperatives, and everything we do is linked to maximizing shareholder value over the long term. Our market-leading MS business remains resilient. We continued an impressive SPINRAZA launch. We advanced assets in our neuroscience portfolio. We increased our biosimilars revenues in Europe. And very importantly, we enhanced our collaboration arrangements with Eisai and Neurimmune. We intend to continue this momentum, especially with a focus on completing more business development to further expand our neuroscience portfolio so that we can achieve our mission to be the leader in neuroscience. Looking forward, within the next 12 to 18 months, we expect several meaningful readouts across our neuroscience pipeline, including: BAN2401 in Alzheimer's disease; natalizumab in stroke; BIIB067 for ALS; BIIB074 for painful lumbosacral radiculopathy; BIIB054 in Parkinson's; and our gene therapy program for XLRS. Before we go into Q&A, I would like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients' lives and all of the physicians, caregivers, and participants in our clinical development programs. The past and future achievements could not be realized without their passion and commitment. With that, we will open the call for questions.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So thank you for the good questions. We are very pleased with these new agreements. We believe in the potential opportunity with aducanumab, and therefore, we act in alignment with this belief. And this took a lot of work, and it's probably the most important alliance will be the agreement we reached in 2017 so far, so I think this is very important. For the $150 million, we are working on our long-term – long-range operating plan, and we remain, with the right assumptions, very bullish on the opportunity that we have with this product. With Neurimmune, we have a long-term collaboration and there are many things in play, in the past, in the present, and in the future. And I will say it's logical that working together we achieved this agreement between the two companies. So I would not go much further in terms of the speculation of the potential link, but I think that it's very positive for the overall future profitability of aducanumab if we're able to succeed. So we are pleased with this outcome. Concerning the clinical spend, the only thing I can tell you is that as for the time Eisai starts to contribute meaningfully to the clinical spend in 2019, a large portion of the overall spend will need to occur in 2019 and beyond. Does somebody want to add something, okay.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thanks for the question. We are very pleased with the momentum in the U.S. And having 75% patient growth is not a simple achievement, so I compliment the team. As expected and also as difficult to model as it can be, based on the dosing regimen, the impact of the patients we got in Q1 and on the early access program was fully reflected in the Q3 because of the dosing regimen. Over time this will normalize, and that's why we are prudent the way we have been prudent since the beginning of the year, if you'll recall well, so we expect that the dynamic will normalize as the maintenance dose becomes the majority of the revenue, so this is basically the momentum we see. We enlarged the reach. We see a larger proportion of the patients above the age of 15. Meeting with scientific leaders, they are getting more experience on complicated spine in order to dose the patients, and they are investigating potential routes of administration and procedure for patients more complicated, other one with the fusion, and those ones are the more complicated. And it is anticipated, just to come back because I know that everybody has that in their mind, so yes, we said 60% of the patients have a complicated spine or mostly the patients with the Type 2 and Type 3, mostly the Type 2. But out of this proportion, it's actually between 10% and 20% of those patients who have fusion that are more complex. The others are easier. And apparently, according to scientific leaders, the proportion of fusion ex-U.S. is much lower, just to give some context. So we remain optimistic on the potential of SPINRAZA in the U.S. and ex-U.S., and our peak sales objective did not change.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: The free drug, unless I make a mistake, was 20%. This is correct, so there was a slight increase but not a major impact. Again, it's the 75% patient growth that was dosed, 75% of patient growth that were dosed with the initial dosing regimen and very little of patients with the maintenance dose. This is the dynamic that we see. It is clear that for the later onset of disease and more complicated patients, it takes a bit more time to get those. That's why we have hundreds of start forms that are not yet for patients who are not yet dosed. So this is another dynamic that is not new. But again, as I said, the infrastructure and the system is adjusting.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: I will not comment yet on Q1, and the last element that we saw was an inventory play between Q2 and Q3. Thanks, Eric.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So I will get started on the market access for 2018, and that is now almost under contract. And as communicated, we are very pleased with the progress for the U.S. And the gross-to-net impact is similar to prior years and the typical contracting arrangements for which our leadership position is helping, as you can imagine. So we didn't see a dramatic erosion in order to maintain or enhance. We saw a very limited one actually. So we are pleased with the momentum, including open formularies and including the win with some major payers like Aetna. So this is an important achievement.Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr., M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Ying, this is Al Sandrock. In terms of what Eisai saw, they saw all of the same things we've seen so far, which include data from the Phase 1b trial that Mike talked about that we'll be presenting next week, which is the 36-month follow-up in the fixed-dose cohorts and the 24-month follow-up in the titration cohorts.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thanks for the question. We are very pleased. And as communicated previously, we did anticipate that, unlike MS, we see that for SPINRAZA, mostly driven by the prevalence of the disease. We see a higher proportion of opportunities in terms of top line revenue ex-U.S. and U.S. So we are pleased with the early launch countries, Germany, a couple of Nordics countries, Japan since a few weeks. But this was mostly driven by Germany and some named patient sales in the Middle East, in Turkey, and in Latin America. Germany is going very strong. We got the journal official in Italy, and you'll recall that we had more than 100 – close to 120 patients on the early access program. And overall, maybe one element that is helping also the momentum in Europe, or ex-U.S., was the very large number of early access program patients that were already identified just waiting to gain reimbursement in order to be shifted to commercial goods. So obviously now, the question is, are we anticipating the same trends that basically many of you have anticipated as opposed – not just linear growth on a country basis ex-U.S.? We believe that based on the sequence of access, reimbursement, and unlocking opportunities in different countries that is not at the same time that this trend will not be the same as in the U.S. I think that this will be a smoother trend in the right direction. And again, overall, it's very nice momentum, and we are trending above what we thought were our internal targets.Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr., M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Cory, just to put some numbers on it, we had more than 500 patients in the early access program across 18 countries in Europe. That compares to about 60 patients we had in the U.S., probably due to timing a little between when we saw the data and when the drug was approved, so a lot more interest in the EAP in Europe.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So concerning the second question, let me start by saying that we are very pleased with the resilience of our MS portfolio. That is so important in terms of cash flow generation, and we intend actually to continue this momentum. We organized a meeting in a few days with all the Biogen leaders, where we are going to recommit so that we can defend as much as we can. The market share where we speak is holding at 38%. It was 38.3% before. I don't know when exactly. And as expected, an OCREVUS launch will erode the share. And if I look at the performance over the last two quarters, including OCREVUS, that was still a minimum contribution, it is the last best two quarters ever for Biogen, so it's not a cliff. And we'll continue to drive the activity to generate demand and volume, and we will not comment on the price policy.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So I will not intend to the details of the first move. These are contracts that were signed a few years back. We see data coming in the Phase 1/1b, and we are relatively pleased with this data. We'll hear more at CTAD, and I thought it would be an opportunity to see how we could improve the operation or give the best chance for the operation and the core promotion the day we have potentially the product, and therefore playing out who's the best where. And obviously, I have the agenda to increase the opportunity for Biogen, and I think that with the two deals, this is what we are achieving. But it's a win-win, and the partner at Eisai gets also the opportunity to co-promote the MS portfolio, which is important. So we are very pleased with these two upgraded, I would say, arenas.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: But Germany still has a long way to go, so you can actually expect both. But in the first phase, obviously the new product launches in new countries like Italy, while we speak, will add momentum, should add momentum.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D.: Geoff, this is Mike. I'll take a stab at the first one. I think it was about intrathecal access for this. It turns out that we don't anticipate any more significant problems in terms of intrathecal delivery with this program than in the SPINRAZA program at all. And the initial studies are really that they're safety dose-ranging findings in Alzheimer's subjects. So we're trying to get an idea of exactly the right dose range. And then from a technical standpoint, we don't see or anticipate any more significant challenge than what we've seen with SPINRAZA.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D.: Yes, I'd add just a little bit to that. We're quite committed to a couple of things within the R&D portfolio. Number one was increasing productivity of our existing pipeline, and number two was to be able to add important new assets to the pipeline. So we're quite committed to portfolio growth. Michel mentioned – our sweet spot, we believe, is in early-phase clinical assets because of our ability to really derisk those and advance those through proof-of-concept well. But of course, we look within that sweet spot and beyond. We've got a number of active discussions ongoing. We're augmenting our external innovation capabilities. We've been bringing online more search and evaluation, and we're really retuning a lot of the entire R&D organization and beyond to be more externally oriented. So I think that you will see over time both an increase in the productivity of the existing portfolio and a number of assets coming into the portfolio.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D.: Ronny, this is Mike. Just following up on Paul's comments, manufacturing is certainly one area where we believe there's an opportunity for real competitive advantage in a platform approach that could be attractive for SMA and beyond. Within SMA in particular, there are a number of things that we are quite focused on, which is the right patient subtypes. We certainly have gained a lot of experience with patient subtypes within SMA with our SPINRAZA experience. And I think along with that are going to be important things that we're looking at, which are delivery route timing of dosing administration, potential combinations with SPINRAZA. And of course, front and center in our mind is how all that ties in with clinical safety, and I think that a lot of this still has to play out. So between manufacturing, patient sub-type, delivery route, safety profile, those are key elements of our gene therapy strategy.
