Kia Khaleghpour: Thank you, and welcome to Biogen Idec's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investor Section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. We've also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to today's call. As usual, we'll start with the Safe Harbor statement.  Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Words such as believe, expects, may, plan, will, and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. Actual results could differ materially from our expectations, and you should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings slides, earnings release and in the Risk Factors section of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.  Today on the call, I'm joined by Dr. George Scangos, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Francesco Granata, Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations; Dr. Doug Williams, Executive Vice President of Research and Development; and Paul Clancy, Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. We'll also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President of Development.  Now I'll turn the call over to George.
Kia Khaleghpour: Thanks, George. Operator, we're ready to open up the call for Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Kia Khaleghpour: That was our last question. Thank you for your participation in today's call. You may now disconnect.
George Scangos: Okay. Thanks, Paul. To quickly sum up the quarter, I think we're very pleased with the solid commercial performance driven by strong TYSABRI sales, our overall strong financial results and the great progress on our late-stage pipeline. We've accomplished a lot. There's a lot on our plate for the rest of the year, and we're focused on execution and on continuing to deliver on the goals we defined for 2011.  There are several important events for the company in the upcoming months. The first daclizumab registrational trial will read out this summer. The commercial launch of FAMPYRA in the EU will begin in September. The full results for DEFINE will be presented at ECTRIMS in the fall, and the confirmed study will read out later this year. We're expecting a response from the FDA in the fall for our request to update the TYSABRI label to include JC Virus Antibody Status as part of risk stratification. We'll see Phase II data for GA101 in NHL later this year. Our hemophilia registration studies are enrolling well and on track for a data readout in 2012, and we’ve had very robust enrollment in our dexpramipexole study for ALS. We enter the second half of the year with a positive momentum, a clarity of mission and a reinvigorated organization.  And with that, we'll close the remarks and open up the call for questions. Thank you.
George Scangos: Yes. I think we're in the regulatory process. I think we're very comfortable that we'll have 10 years of data exclusivity in the EU. And I know we've raised that issue a number of months ago. But I think we've made a lot of progress since then, and we're very comfortable with the exclusively position in the EU, as well as in the U.S.
George Scangos: Yes, good question. There are at least 2 ways to get data exclusivity in the EU. One is to have the compound designated as a new active substance. And I think we raised some questions at the beginning, and we still have some questions, as to whether BG-12 will be deemed to be a new active substance. I think the confidence comes from different ways to get to 10-years data exclusivity, which really stems from doing a separate development program and submitting a whole new data package, which we clearly qualify for. We've had a number of discussions, and I think we're very confident of being able to get the 10 years of data exclusivity based on that type of package. And so the -- I think we made this an issue at the beginning, probably was -- we're trying to just be open about some concerns that we had. I think, as we've gone into it more, we’ve realized that the issue really isn't an issue, and so we're feeling quite confident.
George Scangos: I guess I'll answer the second question, which was why choose AVONEX. First of all, I think the interferons are viewed by most prescribers now as roughly similar in efficacy, particularly over the longer period, 2 years. There are, as you know, head-to-head data and shorter-term studies that seem to suggest that the higher dose interferons are more effective. But I think over a 2-year period, certainly, when you look -- when you compare cross interferons, they're pretty comfortable in terms of efficacy. So that's the first thing. And the second thing from a scientific point of view, we kind of like being able to do a double-dummy, double-blind study. And since all of these interferons now come in pre-filled syringes, we couldn't do a double-dummy double-blind study with other drugs, whereas we can with AVONEX since we make it. And so from a purely scientific point of view, that's the highest way -- that's the highest form of scientifically pure study. So for the both of those reasons, AVONEX was chosen.
George Scangos: And in terms of endpoints for MS trials, the annualized relapse rate is certainly an approvable endpoint. We have to use the endpoints that the regulatory authorities require for pivotal registrational trials, and there's really only 2 that have been approved: annualize relapse rate and disability progression, which leads me to the point that disability progression is another key endpoint. We've always believed in it as an important endpoint. In fact, AVONEX was the first drug to use the EDSS as a primary endpoint. And all of our drugs have been tested on that endpoint, and all of our drugs are effective on that point, both AVONEX and TYSABRI. And as we announced in the first BG-12 trial, disability progression was also statistically significant compared to placebo. So I think EDSS is going to be increasingly important, and disability progression will be noticed. I do think that looking forward, we're going to be looking at novel endpoints such as improvement and function, and for example, we have a program in early stages Anti-LINGO which will probably not affect relapse rate because it doesn't affect inflammation in the brain. But our -- it promises to repair the brain, and if it does do that, we'll be looking at sustained improvement in disability, which will be a completely novel endpoint. And with, of course, highly differentiate Anti-LINGO and drugs like it from all the other drugs that are out there now.
Alfred Sandrock: So the main differences are -- well, there are more similarities than differences. The doses of BG-12 that are in CONFIRM are the same as they were in DEFINE. It's also a placebo-controlled trial. The only real difference is that there's an additional arm, the Copaxone arm, which is the same population size, the same sample size as the other 3 arms. So that's really the main difference. There's some minor differences in terms of inclusion and exclusion criteria. They're vastly the same. The only difference is that you couldn't have been on glatiramer acetate previously to enroll in CONFIRM because they would go back on potentially a drug that they had been on before. The only other difference is the endpoint, is the annualized relapse rate, is the primary endpoint in CONFIRM, whereas it was a secondary endpoint in DEFINE. And now, the proportion of patients relapsing, which was the primary endpoint for DEFINE, is now a secondary endpoint in CONFIRM. So those are the major differences. And then in terms of the exclusivity, would somebody else…
Alfred Sandrock: And I guess Mark had the question about whether or not Copaxone is going to perform. And I think it's hard to speculate on that right now. I think -- I'm not sure I believe all the talk out there that it's not going to perform the same. I'm not -- I mean, clearly the relapse rates have decreased over time in the placebo groups of trials. That's clearly evident in our trials over the past 15 years. But whether or not Copaxone is going to perform as it did 15 years ago is hard to know.
Alfred Sandrock: Well, you're right. We're not powered for superiority over BG-12. Could we hit? Yes, we could hit. We could not hit. I mean, it's very hard to speculate. There have been no recent placebo-controlled trials of Copaxone. Most of the data that we would have from Copaxone are from head-to-head studies. So that's why I answered the question I did earlier about being able to predict how Copaxone will behave. We don't have a lot of good placebo-controlled data from recent years. So I'll leave it at that.
Paul Clancy: Yes, no, great question. It's helpful. Let me kind of wind us back to what were the 4 initiatives, 3 or 4 key initiatives in how we're making on progress. I mean, overall, I'd say, Eric, that we are right on track. This was -- right on track of -- our guidance actually contemplated the $300 million. The 4 key initiatives that we had was a number of programs that were de-prioritized, and all of those have happened, ranging from Galiximab to HSP90 to IGF-1R, Cripto, RAF, Lixivaptan. Those have all been de-prioritized, wound down. And we've attempted to partner a couple of those. We've made modest progress on that. Actually in the first quarter, there's a couple of kind of very small potential deals still in the waiting. We've closed sites. That was the second big initiative. The San Diego site was the biggest impact and then consolidation of some Massachusetts sites. Those have all essentially happened. Formally, the San Diego site will be closed the third quarter. The workforce reduction was the second one. We had a 13% workforce reduction that has been executed. And then the restructuring of the RITUXAN collaboration, which has an impact in the P&L on a few different places has been finished. And happy to report, actually, that the performance of the RITUXAN business as evidenced even by this quarter, with the 6% increase on the top line in the United States, that restructuring has been -- actually has not only led to efficiencies but effectiveness. Simultaneously, we anticipated as we move into this year into 2011 that we'd invest some of that behind defending the oral business. And I think that is probably what's showing up in SG&A, an increase. And then the second thing that's showing up in SG&A increase this year is the foreign exchange impact. So Q2 was probably the most pressing impact on that because we're comparing a spot rate of 143 last year to -- or this year to 127. That has had, actually, the full impact of the increase in SG&A. So I feel very good that we're achieving that and that we're making the right kind of impacts and investments back in SG&A to defend in the new landscape. And then balance of year, we'll probably, as I pointed out, make some investments in SG&A, both to launch FAMPYRA, which actually wasn't included in the original plan, as well have some prep stuff on BG-12.
Paul Clancy: Thomas, this is Paul. It's actually tough to compare kind of discontinuations in gross adds. Just simply because in the United States, we have very good data, and that's generally where we point that out in terms of the TOUCH forms. Outside the United States, our patient data is estimates and exactly estimates being -- each country triangulates on the information. So anecdotally, what we're hearing is very similar type of trend, that there is some modest upward pressure on discontinuations but that TYSABRI is being used more, particularly with respect to the benefit of risk stratification. If you think about it, between STRATIFY 1, STRATIFY 2, what we saw in terms of JC Virus assay use in Unilabs, as well as JEMS. Worldwide, there's over 45 -- over 40,000 patients now that have been tested on the JC assay. So that is really, really underscores what we're seeing in terms of this interest in risk stratification. And certainly in the United States, as well as outside the United States, anecdotally, what we’ve heard is that has slowly but surely moved early on in those tests to be primarily TYSABRI patients, to be moving towards a number of, as Francesco had mentioned, non-TYSABRI patients. So I think the dynamic that we've all thought would play out in terms of risk stratification playing into be a meaningful tool for TYSABRI is playing out. It's playing out slowly but surely, month by month, week by week, country by country.
Paul Clancy: Josh, this is Paul. I think that when I think about it, and I'm not sure of the model you're using. But when I think about it, the foreign exchange had played a year-over-year favorability, slight less on a quarter-over-quarter basis. Pricing increases in the United States is to be mindful of, and certainly as you've just noted, we did in the second quarter see this improvement from the U.S. data, it may apply also x U.S., with respect to compliance rate. And our best understanding, interpolation of that data is exactly what Francesco had alluded to was this trends that we had seen late 2009 going into 2010 with respect to alternative drug dosing, drug holidays, treatment interruptions has slowed down quite a bit and actually is moderating and abating with it.
Francesco Granata: Yes, this is Francesco Granata. Yes, we think that the decrease in discontinuation is partially due to the fact that most of the patients have been tested and screened for their antibody status. So we had the big wave of discontinuation because of the 2-year duration of treatment prior exposure to immunosuppressant and the JCV status, and now that most of the patient -- a large proportion of the patients have been tested through the STRATIFY trial, we think that this is one of the reasons of the decrease in discontinuation. On the quality side, we should also mention that recently, we have seen during the month of June and a more trend also in percentage of naive staff, so this is encouraging for the business. As long as the landscape for MS is concerned, we think that over time, there will be an increased penetration of orals, there will be a continuous need of high efficacy drugs like TYSABRI, for example, and the risk stratification that we are implementing will allow to capture this opportunity. And we shall see a, not rapid but a decline in the ABCRE, the traditional ABCRE market in favor of this category of drugs. We are fully equipped to compete in this market with a very complete offer, still having AVONEX as , we think, a very good drug to play in the traditional ABCRE market, when we play for market share gains. We have a drug that will address the need for high efficacy to TYSABRI, and we are going to be fully prepared to exploit the potential of what we think will be an excellent offer in the euro segment, while continuing investing in the development of new options, like for example, DAC, that we are going to readout in a few months.
Francesco Granata: As usual, there is not a single ingredient of the recipe for creating success for a brand. It's a more complex setting, so messaging is one component. We have been constantly training the field force in making sure that they deliver the message that -- still AVONEX delivered unsurpassed efficacy and being the most convenient and drug and the most studied drug in the ABCRE segment. So the message is clear. The counter message is versus Gilenya is always updated, and the people are constantly trained according to what is the evolution of the Gilenya trend. And this is one element of the ingredients. There are other elements that are helping delivering what we think is a good performance is. Rightly [ph] for sizing, rightly [ph] for training. Now they have been trained for selling skill, they have been trained scientifically, they have been trained to target the segment, target the market and to manage account by account in a much better way. So there is much more quality, right size and focus of the field force. And finally, we have concentrated the effort on providing additional patient surveys like, for example, deploying nurses in the field in the United States but also in Europe, refining also the messaging of the patient servicing, allowing patients to go and stay more stable in therapy. Finally, I would like to quote something that is related to the dynamic of the switches. AVONEX has always been getting a high proportion of the naive -- of the new patient start and have always been one of the largest sources of switches, switches to the ABCRE in the past. Now things have not changed too much, simply some of the switches that from AVONEX who are going to the other ABCREs now go to Gilenya without a real big impact on increased number of switches. So as you see, the field force effectiveness is messaging and also on the intriguing characteristic of AVONEX, that is continuing to do very well in the new patient segment, has continued to keep the same position as it had in the past in the switch market, maybe even strengthening it a little bit.
Francesco Granata: Yes, on TYSABRI, again, thanks, very good question. The drivers of the quality trend in the sequential quarter is, again, linked to some, not only one driver. One is that the continuous interest in the segment of high efficacy drug, clearly there is a need. Risk stratification is providing the right tool to a -- first of all, to screen those patients who are more at-risk, and the big wave has already been -- we have already gone through that. But second to start identifying patients even in first line who could benefit because of the status of their disease by these segments. So we have seen, as I mentioned before, an increase or so of the use of -- is an adopter, not really an adopter, it's a trend over the past 4 or 5 weeks. And that we're trending in the use of TYSABRI for first line. So discontinuation are going down as I mentioned because most of the patients who were approaching the 2-year duration of treatment and prior exposure have been already, probably taken out from the -- or had gone into drug holidays. We have seen an increasing percent of patients utilizing drug holidays and alternative dosage. So all of these elements contribute to the upward trend, and we think that this is a trend that is probably going to be sustainable for our -- will last for also the future. And on FAMPYRA, the straight answer is, yes. There is clearly a team that is cross-regional. That team capitalize on the U.S. experience as a help in crafting the right messages in Europe. We think we have a good basis of patients to work with. And Europe, as you know, there are more or less 0.5 million MS patients. Roughly -- slightly more than 1/3 fall in the category of EDSS 4 to 7, so there is a regional pool of patients. We are crafting the messaging to make sure that the physician understands and the payers understand the value proposition which is linked not only to walking distance but also to the ability of the patient to be a little bit more independent in their daily life.
Francesco Granata: For the last part of the question, it's too early to give you data about that. We'll further analyze. I reported that because we have seen this upward trend in naive patients. And as far as the discontinuation are concerned, please consider that there are several factors that drive discontinuation in the virus-positive patients, the anti-JCV status positive, the duration of treatment and the prior exposure to immunosuppressants. As for today, we don't have very, very clear numbers. But we see that only 10% of the virus-positive patients fall into this category. And what we see is that the discontinuation, now that the JC Virus assay is available, trends towards this percentage.
