Christopher Viehbacher: Thank you, Mike. Well, in addition to re-engineering our cost base, we're actually also re-engineering the marketed portfolio of products. We've already had two approvals this year, QALSODY and LEQEMBI in the United States. As we look forward for the rest of the year and into early next year, we have a number of other important milestones for our portfolio. We are expecting a decision by the PMDA in Japan in the third quarter. By the EMA in Europe in the first quarter of next year. And in the first quarter of next year also in China. We also are expecting a decision by the FDA on zuranolone actually next week, potentially. And then, we also are continuing to evolve LEQEMBI. As Priya said, we are expecting to be able to submit the regulatory dossiers for LEQEMBI subcu in Q1 of next year and also a regulatory file for maintenance dosing next year. So in addition to that, with the new product approvals that are expected, we're going to continue obviously to look through our external growth opportunities. As I have said before, this is an opportunity to expand the portfolio more into rare diseases, and to immunology, and neuropsychiatry. So with that Chuck will turn it back and invite questions.
Christopher Viehbacher: Thanks for the question, Brian. This is going to be super interesting from a commercial point of view. Because there are an awful lot of different factors at play here. I think as I said, the markets are sort of thinking there's two A beta antibodies here and they remove plaque and that's it. And the story is actually a whole lot more complex. First, I would say, these are two products with -- that really go after the problem in a different way. And I think one of the most interesting things that's going to come out of this are the soluble protofibrils. These are the most neurotoxic forms of A beta. And Lecanemab goes after those, whereas Donanemab doesn't. And these are the soluble forms. And I think that will actually play a factor in our view, which is that this is going to be more of a chronic disease that you can remove the plaque, but these soluble forms, and this is judged by what we're seeing in some of the biomarkers, could actually still continue to play a role, which is why our belief is that we will need a maintenance therapy over time. But there's also a difference in how these patients were studied. First, much different patient populations. Lecanemab was studied actually in an earlier patient population, roughly two-thirds were in MCI and one-third in mild, and Donanemab was the reverse. And this is important because there's different rates of progression amongst these patients. And so, actually, and when Priya talked about these low tau, which have no overlap with the low tau -- low-to medium tau that Donanemab studied, these are patients that would really progress quite slowly. So to actually see an effect like that I think really speaks to the efficacy of this product. Then there is also all the different endpoints. Lilly measured their primary endpoint on a Lilly-designed endpoint. Lecanemab use the gold standard, which is the CDR sum of boxes. But when you start looking at activities of daily life, you start to see differences and there are some other markers where we think we can demonstrate where efficacy is going to be. And then of course, safety will be a big issue. When most neurologists -- if they've seen ARIA before, it's been pretty rare. I mean we do know that ARIA can occur even in the placebo group, but it's not something that'll have seen very often. And so this is going to be a different thing for them first to -- to think about monitoring for safety with the MRIs. But it's one thing to be at a conference and look at safety from a data point of view. It's another thing I think to actually be looking at MRIs and seeing ARIA. And I think the safety benefit of lecanemab will be quite important to physicians as we go forward. So there are a number of dimensions here that I think will be developed over time. There's going to be all the different blood diagnostics that come along. Personally, my belief is that we're going to be seeing treatment progressively over the years in earlier patients before too much neuronal death has occurred. And of course, that's where LEQEMBI's benefit will arise where they have already studied much more of these patients. Generally, I would say, Lilly has been focused on looking at subpopulations and trying to say, okay, in this subpopulation, we've got this result, in that subpopulation. When physicians are dealing with patients in their practice, they don't want to deal with the subpopulation. They want to have a medicine that actually has broad coverage. And I think that's where LEQEMBI will also demonstrate its benefits. So it's going to be quite interesting. There's lots of data here to pour over that's come out of the AIC and a lot of that will just become much more tangible over the coming months and years.
Christopher Viehbacher: I think, first on the registry, all the feedback is, this is manageable. I think everybody would prefer not to have a registry, but personally been on it, there's dropdown menus, most of the data are available from the medical records, so we think that part should be okay. There is some bumpiness around the PET scan reimbursement that should be clarified in the next 90 days. But I think where we are now, the one PET scan that is included should not be a barrier. I think there's just the mechanics actually of -- I've seen patients that will change. There's going to be a need to do more of the cognitive testing, getting the PET scanner, the lumbar puncture, figuring out where to go with the MRI infusion centers, and then getting the three MRIs. There will be a routine that will develop in offices, but to start with, nobody is doing that right now, really. I mean, we obviously have some centers that have been able to start infusing LEQEMBI during the period before traditional approval. But if we look at the masses, everybody is having to gear up for this. I think one of the other things that I would say is, there's been so much disappointment in this field over the years. A lot of hope but a lot of these medicines didn't play out. And so, I think there has been an awful lot of wait-and-see amongst the some of the medical community. Are we really going to get full approval? Are we really going to get CMS approval? So I think now that is in place, which is, as I've said before, I think is a really seminal moment in healthcare, we'll see the practicalities of this. And we've always said that this is going to be a relatively measured uptake on revenue. I will say that the whole field organization is geared up for this. This is a much more complex field organization than what you would have with a typical launch with the care navigators, with MSOs, with field reps, with regional thought leaders, professionals. So they're going to be a lot of people actually holding hands with patients, with physician practices, trying to help make sure that this is as seamless as possible. And but it is not clearly as simple as just prescribing a pill and going down to your local pharmacy.
Christopher Viehbacher: So I think if we just step back, I mean there's -- clearly, a lot of people got focused on some of the gossip here. But I think more fundamentally, there's been a significant change with our Board. And anybody who knows anything about Boards is that you only make significant changes at a Board is through a consensus of the Board. The Board is a college of peers with equal power. And there had been a lot of significant investor outreach. The company is doing an awful lot of change internally at a management level, addressing a lot of the concerns that investors, I think, have been raising for quite a number of years and certainly concerns that I have heard. And the Board actually said, well, we need to think about the governance and are we changing as well. And I can tell you that all of the discussions to which I was a party, all concerned one thing, and that is, what is right for Biogen. And I found that very encouraging. But we have a new chair and I have to say I couldn't be happier working with Caroline. She's someone of unimpeachable integrity, extremely smart, analytical, but really has a real passion for the mission of the company. And I think the Board is clearly four-square behind all of the changes that we're making. So I think all of that is good. In terms of disclosure, we look at people. We don't look at their personal relationships. And I would just say that Glass Lewis and ISS recommended Susan Langer, and investors voted her onto the Board, and I don't think there's really anything more to be -- that needs to be said about that.
Christopher Viehbacher: Fit-for-growth, remember, is really reflecting the transition of the company. We have been very focused on multiple sclerosis over 45 years. We had some very prosperous times in the more recent history of the company. And as we have seen a reversal of fortunes in some of those products, I don't think we, as a company, have really made the changes in our organizational structure and our cost base to really reflect that transition. One of the things I'd like to tell our management teams is that the hardest word in management is and. You have to think about the short-term and the long-term. But one of the things is you have to be cost efficient and you have to invest for growth. And that's been a very tricky exercise. If we didn't have all the product launches, just cost reduction would be fairly easy. What we've had to do is be a lot more thoughtful about what is the best way to position Biogen going forward? And that's why we didn't start with where we were, but we started with where we want to be. What is that organization? How many people? We benchmarked the organization. We've looked at the -- making sure we have enough investment in the product launches, have enough investment in those exciting R&D projects that we would want to focus on, and then work backwards from there. So I think the company is well positioned now to be oriented towards growth while also managing our historic portfolio. And again, I come back by and saying we are still the market leader in MS, and we have an obligation to both physicians and their patients on that. And so we will be changing the way we -- the promotional mix, but we're not going to just walk away from that either. And I think in terms of M&A and external growth, is really what do we do to build on that? And that starts with BD at an earlier stage of the pipeline. Are there things that we want to build on to that? And in particular, as I've said in the past, I think we're proud of our position in neuroscience. But neurological conditions are slow-progressing diseases and really require very expensive long trials. And they are ones where you can't really derisk them with a Phase 2 asset. So, we're not going to walk away by any means, but we do need to get into portfolio decisions where we can actually get a better read on efficacy and safety in Phase 2. And I think we can do that with the rare diseases with more of a focus on immunology. As you know, we've never been far from immunology in the history of the company. And of course, with -- we already are into neuropsychiatry and can we build that portfolio? But I think we have now a much more nimble structure, a more empowered organization. One of the things that comes out of our culture surveys is that we can take quite a long time to make a decision. So in all of those things, when you're dealing with partners and you're dealing with business development, if you want to have that nimbleness, that ability to be agile. And so I think fit-for-growth will actually facilitate that. But really the approach to external growth is more strategic in how we shape the portfolio of the company.
Christopher Viehbacher: I think we're really looking at what really makes sense for the company. I don't think we've seen anything that would require use of equity. And Mike, we've got, I think, about $7.3 billion in cash. So as far as I'm concerned, we don't -- everything that we think, we can manage with what we've got. The most important thing is to really -- one of the major things we try to do with fit-for-growth is really get a lot more rigorous about how we allocate capital. We've had this very good fortune over the last few years. And when there's a lot of money in the company, don't have the same rigor about how you allocate capital. That is a real focus for us. We really want to make sure that we're putting our investments in the things that make the best returns for the company and our shareholders. And so that part is a cultural shift that's coming out of that and I think that will affect how we think about business development as well.
Christopher Viehbacher: Yeah. Well, we have a PDUFA date on August 5th. So we'll be able to give you a full update once we've had the FDA decision. So I don't really want to talk about that process right now. I'll just say there is an enormous unmet need in full health. And that only seems to be rising. You can't look at the news without reading about reports of the rise of mental health conditions. I think that partly got exacerbated by the pandemic. And one of the things is that, that affects -- that the pandemic did was I think really bring this more out into the open where it belongs. Certainly, PPD is a huge unmet need, massive taboo around that. And that will be quite a heavy lift actually because it's not really -- there isn't really a clarity around who really is responsible for diagnosing and treating mothers at that point. And so we look forward to being able to hopefully contribute to that. But there is a significant unmet need also in the way it's treated. I think something that -- that could act much faster than current treatments, something that's perhaps episodic, could be of great value to patients. So I do think there is an opportunity. But again, we need to wait for the FDA decision and we'll fully update everybody at that point.
Christopher Viehbacher: Well, it's quite interesting. You see today, when I talk to bankers, it's interesting. I think if you've got something that has really good data that, there tends to be a price for that, and that price is more or less constant. I was asking bankers, do you think Merck would have had to pay even more for Prometheus, for instance two, three -- two years ago when that's kind of the go-go days of biotech, and their view is no. And so, I think if you find quality assets out there and that really doesn't vary that much. What does vary is all the other stuff, right? We got a little bit more interest in more speculative things and that's what really sort of says, well, are things relatively expensive or not? And as a company, I think I always like to say, our investors (Technical Difficulty) to make them rich and not someone else's shareholders. So if you're going to do a deal, you have to make sure that there is value creation for Biogen and its shareholders. And that's a hard thing. And we all know that a lot of BD doesn't do that. The way I look at Biogen, we've got -- had now the decision on LEQEMBI. We have a pending decision at the FDA for zuranolone, we've got pending decisions for LEQEMBI around the world. If you look at Biogen over the next two, three years, there's an opportunity for a return to growth over that time frame. I think we are making some bold moves here to address our cost base and really reposition our resources in the company. And we have, I think, some super interesting products in our research and development pipeline that Priya mentioned. So if you look at it, we already have a value-creation story. So anything that we're going to do has to be accretive to that picture. And you do have to go look, and you're going to have to go look at hundred things before you find something that really works, and that's what our teams are doing. The worst thing you can do is fall in love with something because then you lose the -- you lose your objectivity. I can tell you that we are laser-focused on changing the trajectory of our share price, as I've heard from so many investors, our share price hasn't really moved in 10 years. So that's where we are focused on really driving -- being much more focused on shareholder value and that means allocating capital in a way that's commensurate with that.
Christopher Viehbacher: Well, I think we have enough heavy lifting in R&D, to be honest. So I'm certainly looking at things that I think -- to me, it's less around the expenditure as how much risk you're taking. What I find hard is when we have a multiyear, five-year type Phase 3 study that's essentially a proof-of-concept. That's, I think, what we're really trying to move away from. Now what I would say though is, we are clearly benchmarking. And I really want us to be rigorous on G&A. I want us to be competitive on the sales and marketing. On R&D, I want us to be super disciplined on capital. But I would say all the benchmarking we've done is that Biogen has actually been better than average on productivity. And I do believe greatly in a lot of the capability within Biogen. And so, I do think if there are things that really make sense, I actually have a higher degree of trust in our R&D organization that I think that we should continue to invest in R&D. The really important thing is that you really -- the think secret about R&D is you have to design a killer experiment, define what the criteria are for moving into the next stage and don't allocate capital unless you really meet those data. The problem in a lot of organizations is we fall in love with something. The data aren't quite clear, but we'll go and keep going because we have it. And I think the discipline to kill stuff that doesn't meet its milestones is something that is probably more important than anything else to managing R&D investments. And that's why I'm grateful to have Priya because I think Priya is extremely objective on this. We all are. But again, I do think that we are an innovative company. And I wouldn't want to restrict too much Biogen's ability to invest in R&D over time, but we're going to be extremely tough on what it is that we're going to choose to develop.
Christopher Viehbacher: One of the things, Priya and I had was -- so Robin Kramer and Priya over the weekend after this super interesting paper about all that happened at AAIC and the differences. And the thing that struck me is just really how complex this is and how -- how much there is to really analyze and understand. But one of the things that struck me was that there is a difference in safety not just in the broad population but we see that in every subgroup too.
Christopher Viehbacher: I mean looking at the ApoE group, heterozygous, homozygous is a difference. And if these drugs were similar, you wouldn't expect such a dramatic difference. I mean we're talking about in some subgroups, it can be as much as 3:1 ratio on the safety. And that's why I think we're going to spend an awful lot more time analyzing what's really going on here. And that's what I said at the outset. We're really just at the start of this. There's still so much we don't know, but this is going to generate an awful lot of research and we're going to start digging into this and understanding all of these different subtleties that are there. But I think these differences are going to be quite important. As Priya said, the jury is still out on that, but we have an awful lot of signs about what's really going on here. And that's why as a company, as Biogen, we don't see the launch of LEQEMBI as the end to our commitment to Alzheimer's. As Priya pointed out, we have other programs in Alzheimer's and we're going to be continuing to do research because it is really our ambition to be along with our partners, Eisai, the absolute leader in what we think is going to be an extremely significant market.
Christopher Viehbacher: Well, as to what you anticipate it's kind of hard, as I say, this is only the second time in my career where I've actually seen a brand-new therapeutic area actually open up. And so, when you think about Alzheimer's patients and visiting neurologists, beyond cognitive tests and as I say, perhaps prescribing the anti-cholinergic like donepezil, hasn't really been much to do. And now we do have a treatment. And this is going to upend a lot of the processes within neurology practices. It's extremely exciting. But really, the uptake is geared on how prepared are the sites. And this is variable around the country. You've had some sites. Obviously, they've been involved in clinical trials. Some of them have different patient populations and we see that some sites are quite advanced and are ready to go. Some sites have been more in a wait-and-see mode, but I think are all ramping up. One of the things that we have been doing is -- is really trying to figure out where are the sites that are really ready and actually deploying our resources to those sites with -- then a secondary type of approach to sites that aren't quite ready and helping them. So -- so it all depends on really how advanced the sites are, how ready they are that it's really going to define the uptake. And that's why we have to target our resources to that and really assess the site activation if you like. But so far, we're getting a lot of positive feedback. Physicians are getting a lot of inquiries from patients. I think they will have to figure out exactly what's the right patient for this and that's where we have to do a lot of education. And we have these online programs and other programs to help educate physicians. There's a significant amount. I mean you just talk about what we've been talking about in terms of these protofibrils, about the different patient populations, all of those things are going to engage the whole neurology community here. But so far, everything is -- as far as we're concerned, the launch is going to plan.
Christopher Viehbacher: Look, we're in late-stage review. So I think it's pretty normal that we don't want to disturb that process. And we obviously don't want to say anything that affects the FDA. I have to confess to a little bit of superstitiousness on my side. And I just -- I'd like to see the FDA decision and then we'll be happy to talk lots about it. But the opportunity is huge out there, Paul.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Mohit. So it's a great question. I think maybe before I answer that, I'll just say that Biogen and Eisai are really looking to simplify and improve the patient journey, and this is a multipronged effort. One is subcutaneous formulation, which can address the infusion capacity and other issues this potential for an auto-injector and self-administration at-home. And then the second is really thinking about how LEQEMBI can be positioned to really address the long-term duration question that is still out there. The good news here is that LEQEMBI does have the opportunity to be treated -- to be used with a long duration. And the question is, what is the right maintenance duration for this therapy? And with regards to subcutaneous, the data that we just presented at AAIC was modeling data to show that really the subcutaneous formulation would be about 720 milligrams administered weekly instead of the intravenous biweekly therapy. Now the important thing here to understand is that really, it is the hope and the data kind of point to the fact that safety could actually be better with the subcutaneous formulation. So we might have lower rates for ARIA. And the filing is expected to be complete by Q1 2024. I also expect that more data, Eisai has communicated this, will be released at CTAD this year. So I think let's wait for more of that data, which is, I think, forthcoming. And we look forward to the -- hopefully, simplifying the patient journey.
Priya Singhal: Thank you for the question. Yes. So this is a very important area of query and scientific hypothesis. So maybe before I really talk about LEQEMBI or Donanemab, we can agree that Alzheimer's disease is really a progressive and eventually fatal condition with obviously neurodegeneration involved along the way. And what we've seen with LEQEMBI and actually multiple lines of evidence outside of LEQEMBI, also with aducanumab in the past, is that when you clear plaque, it does not re-accumulate that easily. But what you do see is progression of disease and you see an impact on the fluid biomarkers. So with LEQEMBI and with the gap period that we had in Phase 2, we saw an increase -- a reversion of the A beta 42:40 ratio, implying the disease continued to progress. We saw very similar evidence with aducanumab. And I think what we see now with the plasma p-Tau levels, in the past, we saw with aducanumab sort of decreasing with the EMERGE data set. And with LEQEMBI, what we've seen with p-Tau181 is a stabilization. And actually, if you saw the Donanemab data on p-217, which was the plasma tau biomarker they used, and these track really quite closely is that you see a slight increase. So I think we still need to understand with more data transparency, the Donanemab data of what really happens to patients who stopped at six months or stopped at one year. And we hope we'll see more of that data from their open-label extension and be able to draw conclusions. But when you look at the substrate for Donanemab, it really does not make sense to continue to dose. One, because of substrate exhaustion and two, because of the presence of antidrug antibodies, close to about 84% to 87%. Whereas with LEQEMBI, you have the opportunity to have an individualized treatment duration discussion between the patient and the doctor because actually, it continues to impact soluble substrate, as Chris mentioned, and we are going to be generating data to actually look at this in a very systematic way with the Phase 1 open-label extension. So I think that the jury is out but the multiple lines of evidence do not seem to indicate that you can stop and reverse Alzheimer's disease. So that's where I'll leave it. Thank you.
Priya Singhal: Yes. Thank you, Brian. So overall, I think we don't fully understand the mechanism of ARIA, but the data have been replicated for LEQEMBI in terms of a low incidence of ARIA in the sense that when you compare it with some of the other anti-amyloid -- anti-beta amyloid antibodies, it is significantly lower and replicated twice. So, for example, in the Clarity AD study, we had an ARIA-E rate of about 12.6%. But with Donanemab, we see an ARIA-E rate of 24% and very similar sort of proportions with ARIA-H. So I think that it also depends on the population that has been recruited. And as Chris mentioned, these populations have been slightly different with MCI being in the early population because we really believe that patients need to be treated earlier. So that could be playing a role. But I think overall, it's very hard to assess exactly what may be driving the differential there. What I think we can say is that the observation that the incidence is significantly different. And therefore I believe that the benefit-risk is also different. And that, I think, is what doctors should be looking at. Couple that with the efforts that -- we do have a very clear window of susceptibility with ARIA and LEQEMBI that we see. We know that it's really pretty much circumscribed to the first six months. There's no titration, so we see the rates that we do. And then it really teeters off completely and recurrence is very, very low. This helps us because we can help physicians really get on board, stay on the monitoring plan, and that is really the focus of Eisai with their understanding ARIA program. So I think overall, we have to look at the benefit-risk. We've got the broad AD population that did not recruit via tau substratification for LEQEMBI and we have the results right up to tau PET because everybody , as you know, amyloid kind of progresses into the neurofibrillary tangles. And so, it's really helpful to understand that there is a broad application with LEQEMBI and then there's a risk profile that's also in the broader population. I think with -- we do have a box warning, as you know, with the ApoE4 patients who do have a higher rate of ARIA. And this, again, is really what we see across the different molecules.
