Tony Kingsley: Thank you, Doug. AVONEX continues to show resilience, and we believe our strategy of focusing on frontline execution to drive share gains within the ABC or E class is succeeding, both in the U.S. and internationally.  In the U.S., unfavorable channel dynamics drove lower-than-anticipated unit shipments. We'll walk you through the channel dynamics in greater detail shortly.  Outside the U.S., we continue to maintain our leading market share position, as the AVONEX PEN continues to drive healthy unit demand in the U.K., Germany, Canada and The Netherlands.  Last week, we introduced the AVONEX PEN and AVOSTARTGRIP in the U.S. market. We believe these new innovations will help drive additional interest and allow for greater share of voice within the ABC or E market segments. The benefits of once weekly treatment and the importance of staying on therapy make AVONEX PEN an attractive option for patients. This message is driving share growth in countries where we've launched the PEN, and we believe we are poised to experience similar success in the U.S. market.  Moving on to TYSABRI. First quarter global TYSABRI units increased 18%, while revenues to Biogen Idec increased 14% versus prior year. In the U.S., first quarter TYSABRI units grew 9% year-on-year. This is the sixth consecutive quarter where we've delivered unit growth for TYSABRI.  Outside of the U.S., TYSABRI units grew 24% in the first quarter versus prior year. We saw positive patient trends during the first quarter, as we added over 1,900 net new patients. Commercially, we continue to drive TYSABRI's strong efficacy message, use the assay to build physician confidence with TYSABRI's benefit risk profile and move the product earlier in the treatment paradigm.  Based on the U.S. data, discontinuation rates remain stable quarter-over-quarter and TOUCH forms increased at their highest level since 2008. TOUCH forms for newly diagnosed, previously untreated patients have historically been a low single-digit percentage, but were in the high single-digits this quarter. This provides us confidence our commercial strategy is succeeding.  We continue to believe TYSABRI's growth may see periods of lumpiness in net patient adds, but we remain confident in an overall solid growth trajectory.  The FAMPYRA launch continues to progress as planned, as the product became commercially available in Canada last month. This innovative therapy is also available in Germany, the U.K., Australia, Denmark, Norway and Iceland.  We are actively working with government agencies across Europe to achieve favorable reimbursement. We expect feedback published from IQWIG tomorrow, which is the next step in the German process.  At the same time, our team continues to drive awareness in the patient physician communities, which is leading to healthy patient demand. In addition to showcasing our world-class scientific research during AAN last week, the significant foot traffic at our booths during the conference was an indicator of physician interest in our recently introduced innovation, such as AVONEX PEN and titration kit and other commercial products.  We are also making significant progress and are on track for successfully executing multiple potential product launches in the coming years. We expect an early 2013 launch for BG-12 and 2 launches in Hemophilia in 2013.  As mentioned last quarter, we continue to make investments in product positioning and promotional planning, scientific outreach, shaping our patient support services and supplier chain. These developments, in addition to the strong patient demand in TYSABRI seen during the quarter, demonstrate our commitment and ability to drive longer-term commercial results, and we look forward to building upon this encouraging progress.  With that, I will turn the call over to Paul Clancy, our Chief Financial Officer.
Tony Kingsley: So I think we feel good about the trajectory. As we said, country-by-country, month-by-month, quarter-by-quarter, you may have some lumpiness in the way patients get added. But overall that's on a positive trajectory, both in the U.S. and externally. As I said discontinuations in the U.S. have remained stable quarter-over-quarter. I think the key thing is we are seeing increased demand. We're seeing nice increases in the U.S. and TOUCH forms and in demand outside the U.S. And I think that's based on increasing physician confidence, given the risk stratification, increasing interest in patients on and we do see evidence of moving patients to TYSABRI sooner, earlier switches to get the benefit of the efficacy. So I think we're going to continue to see more of that as we go through the course of the year and we feel very good about the trajectory.
Tony Kingsley: Thanks, Geoff. It's Tony. So I think the U.S. story is pretty straightforward in that risk stratification has gotten us back on the efficacy message, to be honest with you. And so what we're seeing is nice, healthy increases in patient demand in addition to patients over time. And I think that's driving the -- I think that's driving the unit growth. I don't think it's a lot more complicated than that from a sort of how you model it out standpoint. From a pricing standpoint, the last TYSABRI price, I think, was increased slightly by A-LONG at the end of the year. That's typically been a end of year or midyear kind of time frame. We have managed to capture the benefit of the price increases that have happened over the last couple of years. The issue, of course, is at the customer level, because of ASP plus 6 dynamics. We need to make sure that our customers are continuing to have attractive or not unattractive economics, and there's always a little bit of disruption quarter-to-quarter as you shift over that time frame.
Tony Kingsley: Yes, thanks, it's Tony. Thank you for the question. So no, we don't see any particular -- when I talk about lumpiness, if you look at country-by-country, month-by-month, as the assay has rolled out, people got tested, we've generated more demand, in some cases you've had more -- it can be a little lumpy month-to-month. We've just seen that over the time frame. But we feel collectively, when you add those all together, the pattern looks good, and we feel like we're on the right trajectory. So no particular headwinds, just always to caution it on a short-term basis. The exact dynamics in the patients can go up and down a little bit. But we see, as you saw in the unit growth numbers and in the overall patient growth numbers, we feel very good on that front. In terms of testing dynamics no, all positives have not, by any means, come off. I think we're very early days in that cycle. We've actually seen the majority of positives continue to stay on the product. The long-term discontinuation for that group, I think, is an open question. We think we will lose more positives over time. But today, it's been actually quite sticky with the majority of positives staying on.
Tony Kingsley: Thanks, Brian. It's Tony. So I think it's early days. We have seen strength in TYSABRI overall and we've seen some strength relative to Gilenya, it's hard to put a number specifically on in the recent period. The article [indiscernible] review really just came out only a couple of weeks ago. We'll compete, so it does short term. I think if there is some hesitance to add as many new patients to Gilenya, which is what the impact of that may be, I think we're there with both AVONEX and BG-12 -- sorry, AVONEX and TYSABRI as great alternatives for that. So I think it's not as specific sort of targeting that opportunity so much as executing the strategy we have placed very well against that patient.
Tony Kingsley: Yes, thanks. It's Tony. Let me take that. I think, given the profile as it's shaping up for BG-12, we are optimistic and believe that we should outperform Gilenya in terms of patient acquisition over the first 12 months. The logic for that is, again, as the profile appears to be shaping up but mostly where the label comes out, it lacks some of the upfront, logistical complexity and monitoring appears at will, which would be a relative advantage. We have existing relationships with a lot of customers and we think that based on a -- and last week there's certainly a lot of interest in the market. So from a patient acquisition standpoint, we've certainly set the goal commercially to exceed what Gilenya has done in the first 12 months.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thanks, Paul. Because of the successes we had in 2011, we entered 2012 with a lot to do, and we're focused on execution. Our goals for this year: to grow our leadership in multiple sclerosis by growing TYSABRI market share; stabilizing worldwide AVONEX market share; and growing FAMPYRA revenue. And we're on our way to accomplish those goals.  We're also appropriately investing to ensure that we're well prepared for the potential launch of BG-12 in MS and Factors VIII and IX in Hemophilia A and B. These activities include a ramp-up of medical and commercial capabilities for both BG-12 and Hemophilia to ensure successful future product launches.  We'll continue to advance our Phase III programs for dexpramipexole and PEGylated Interferon, which will read out later this year and early next year, respectively, as well as the trials for Daclizumab and for TYSABRI in secondary progressive MS, which will read out in 2014 and '15, respectively.  And of course, we continue to advance and grow our early-stage pipeline to ensure that we're poised for future growth. As we sit here, we're eagerly anticipating the Phase III data readouts later this year for the long-lasting blood factors for Hemophilia and for dexpramipexole, which is a therapy that has the potential to be the first treatment for ALS patients in more than 15 years.  We expect to accomplish all of that while at the same time delivering revenue and EPS growth. So we're updating our guidance to reflect our confidence in the business and our plan for the future. Lastly, we look forward to presenting highlights of both our early and late stage R&D programs, as well as our commercial strategy at our upcoming Analyst Day on June 12. We'll provide additional details about this event later this month.  And so with that, I will close our remarks and open up the call for questions.
George A. Scangos: Yes. Look, I don't think you should interpret anything based on our $500 million stock buyback. We are doing a $500 million stock buyback. That's not to say that's the only stock buyback we will do. It's what we are prepared to talk about today. And we have really nothing to add to our comments here. We'll continue to use our cash for stock buybacks, for what Paul has termed tuck-in acquisitions. So I think no major deviations from what we said in the past. So I think you can get off your ledge, and not by jumping.
George A. Scangos: I think it's a mix, right? There are certainly customer facing people that we'll add. We want to make sure that we don't take the -- our foot off the accelerator for AVONEX or for TYSABRI, both of which we'll continue to be very aggressive about. And at the same time we need to introduce BG-12, and that simply requires more customer facing people. At the same time, we have a lot of infrastructure, as you said, on which we can piggyback. So there will be some additional costs. But certainly, not as many additional costs as we would have if we weren't already in the MS space.
George A. Scangos: Yes, let me start out with the expiry -- expired material. Look, the issue had to do with how a small number of lots were stored for a period of time last year. And although at that time we felt that it was fine, those storage conditions led to shorter dating for some of the product and we pulled that back from the market and replaced it with other material. We know the cost. It was an isolated event. It's material that we've made both before and after is fine. And so we are not concerned that this is an ongoing problem. This is a onetime event limited to a specific set of lots. So I think that answers part of the question, and I'll turn the other part over to Paul.
George A. Scangos: Yes, this is George. Maybe I can take that question. Look, the aspirin study was an interesting study. I think it showed some very encouraging results, indicated that the flushing can be dealt with, with aspirin. That was not a label-enabling study. I don't think we expect to be -- have that on the label and be promoting on it. But it's an important piece of information, I think, for community to know. In terms -- what was the second part of the question, was standard versus priority review. Let me say, all of the indications we've had and based on interactions with the FDA indicate we will have a standard review. If we are surprised and we get a priority review, we certainly will be ready to move forward on that basis, but we're not expecting that.
Paul J. Clancy: Well, yes, no, we talked about this in the past. And while we're just a little bit reticent to give exact targets for next year, I mean certainly, the upward pressure on spending this year is the result of a very fortunate late stage program, set of programs that we have. Our company supports 6 or 7, depending on how you count it, late-stage programs that the bulk of our spending, as I've characterized it in the past, if you look at this on a project basis, the late-stage programs consume over half of the R&D expenses. When we spin a post pivotal trial and certainly the spinning doesn't go away, we're seeing that this year with BG-12 while patients have moved out of the trial, we continue to have spending on BG-12 for the extension study. We continue to have spending for a product as you move into safety. But it does decline on a project-by-project basis. So I think that we don't have the upward pressure on R&D spending as we go into 2013 that we're seeing now. As I also noted, for Q1, we had some spending for DAC on manufacturing campaigns, as well as the blood factors. Those are at risk. Those are things that we, nevertheless, feel important to do. So if these products do get to the marketplace that we're getting to the marketplace with the most, the adequate product supply, obviously, in good kind of product presentations, which are complex kind of for both of those programs. And then obviously in the first quarter, we had the $29 million payment to ISIS. So I think that's kind of directionally where we see it going as we move into 2013. And then I think the other key factor, obviously, is the range of business development activity, which to date has really been focused on building the early-stage pipeline which, by and large, consumes a far more manageable amount of spending.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, Michael, this is Paul. The base case is -- really needs to be framed out U.S. versus Rest of World. In the United States, we have patents that take us late into this decade, 2019. And we are -- our planning assumption is some extension with respect to kind of a Hatch-Waxman extension. Outside the United States, we feel good that data exclusivity will protect us and the planning assumption we're using outside the United States is 8 years plus 2. So that almost lines the product up on the North Atlantic basis in a very similar time period. We're working hard, but really don't have any specifics to share with respect to everything we can do to extend that. But certainly, nothing to report at this point in time.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, good questions, Eric. We don't typically kind of put out Page 24. But we thought it was important to put that level of detail out because the concern and the question on AVONEX in January. As you can see, and this is units, as you can see, January kind of came down. That happens occasionally, but it was certainly exaggerated in 2012. We think it's probably owing to what you alluded to in that there were advanced purchases downstream from our customers in the fourth quarter or potentially even earlier. I don't think the March impacted any at all impacts that was very much associated with the PEN getting approved in a very similar time period.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, so I think, Tony, you're kind of asking about international demand from an MS broadly, at least that's how I'll try to address it. What we have seen for a number of years is kind of U.S. kind of category, kind of in the low single-digits and outside the United States, being 5% or 6% or 7% above that. So high single-digit growth from a total MS perspective. I would expect that we'll continue to see that in the near term, and it's very traditional where we're seeing kind of Europe growth a little bit slower, but other parts of the world being accretive with respect to growth perspective. And then fundamentally, I mean certainly, there is a thesis that we believe that BG-12 has the potential to expand the market broadly, both in the United States as well as rest of world, just kind of fundamentally innovation bringing some quitters, if you will, some patients that aren't on therapy back into the marketplace. I don't want to exaggerate that point, but I do think that that's certainly a strong tailwind for the business as we move into 2013.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, thank you, Yaron. Yes, so look, the accounting -- deferred revenue is just that. If it gets resolved and back to the price per unit that we agreed with the original 2006 claim, that will come back to the P&L. But I just want to caution you on this, there's lots of different scenarios of how it gets resolved. We've tried to describe that in fairly great detail in our 10-K filing. We'll kind of update that in the 10-Q. Nothing really meaningfully in terms of an update. But if it got resolved to, with respect to a favorable, that would be certainly the deferred revenue would come to the P&L at the quarter that it got resolved. In addition, the Q4 deferral is in the same vein. With respect to AVONEX, the AVONEX inventory, it's exactly how you referred to. We have a very good pulse on the inventory levels with our customers in the United States. In fact, we have contractual relationships where they exchange, electronically exchange data with us in order for us to supply and in order for us to know those inventory levels. And those are monitored very, very tightly. And look, the inventory situation in January or the first quarter, while it was meaningful and we wanted to point it out, I do want to frame it out that it is less than a one-week of inventory in the channel. So it's just, I want to just kind of frame it up. But it is exactly what you said, is that downstream from those, the specialty pharmacies or the retail pharmacies for that matter, could have increased their inventory levels. We don't think that, that is a long-term thing. I mean, it's just, but it did kind of impact us for the quarter, and we're going to continue to work hard on that.
Paul J. Clancy: Tom, this is Paul. So look, I don't think we have very precise data on the untreated and -- or the treated but unsatisfied quitter population on the sideline. Our estimate has always been about 100,000 patients in the United States. And probably, a little bit smaller amount of patients outside the United States. But that's a very -- I mean, if you think about that, that's a very sizable number on what is currently in the magnitude of 640,000 to 650,000 treated patients on disease modifying therapies. Certainly, all of those won't come back to therapy simply for a safer oral, but there's certainly a big number of those. And the second part was with respect to the DAC. Let me give you a little bit more flavor on both of those, and I'm probably getting out of my league here a little bit. But Factor VIII, it just takes a number of -- a long lead time to really, to get to manufacturing campaigns done. And we're doing some product development work, important product development work, such that the product presentations that we bring to the market and that it gets right down to kind of viables and all that type of stuff in kind of devices is highly competitive, vis-à-vis, the incumbents in the marketplace. And DAC is simply a matter of a little bit of a complicated API that we wanted to make sure that we're kind of well ahead of that. Obviously, DAC is the kind of meaningfully at risk spending that we're doing. But given this patient population, the high unmet need, we felt that it was important to put that average month spending to work.
