George A. Scangos: Okay, thanks, Claudine, and good morning, everyone. Our strong momentum continued into the third quarter. We delivered 6% revenue growth to $1.4 billion, managed our expenses and continued to advance the late-stage pipeline. As you can see from the press release, we had a very solid quarter across the products and delivered strong earnings growth to the bottom line. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.91, up 19% year-over-year, although this number was bolstered by a onetime item of $32 million relating to the monetization of our royalty and other rights related to Benlysta. The AVONEX business continued to deliver improved contribution driven by share performance within the ABCRE class both inside and outside of the U.S. The AVONEX PEN, designed to improve the self-injection experience, renewed physician interest and helped to maintain share of voice and awareness of the brand in a competitive market. We continued to see steady year-over-year growth in TYSABRI units both in and outside of the U.S. Awareness remains high for our risk stratification tools and we're seeing nice growth in testing volumes. The key attribute of TYSABRI continues to be strong efficacy. We believe the investments we're making in the product risk stratification will keep the growth trajectory moving in the right direction. We also made progress with our late-stage pipeline. We were delighted to announce positive top line results from our registrational study for Factor IX in Hemophelia B and we're expecting results for Factor VIII in the near future. Last week, the FDA informed us of an extended PDUFA date for BG-12 to allow more time for the review of the new drug application. The extended PDUFA date is now in late March. Additional studies were not requested, and we continue to work with the agency to facilitate the review. And while this 3-month delay is, of course, disappointing, our view of the potential of BG-12 to benefit patients with MS has not changed. Awareness remains high, aided by the recent publication of BG-12's pivotal data in the New England Journal of Medicine. These studies, which form the foundation of the regulatory filings, support BG-12's potential as a new oral option for MS treatment. Earlier this month, we also shared more than 50 company- and partner-sponsored presentations at the ECTRIMS meeting in Lyon, France. These presentations included data reaffirming the powerful efficacy of TYSABRI; AVONEX's 16-year history as a proven and effective, safe MS therapy; analysis of pool data from the Phase III DEFINE and CONFIRM trials of oral BG-12, as well as supporting data on daclizumab and anti-LINGO as possible treatments for MS. I think the breadth of our presence and the presentations highlight our continuing leadership in MS and our commitment to bring better medicines to patients in all segments of the market: the well-established injectables, the high-efficacy segment, as well as the growing oral segment. So with those highlights, I'll now turn the call over to Doug Williams to take you through the pipeline advances in more detail.
George A. Scangos: Okay, thanks, Paul. So look, as you can see, during the quarter we made excellent progress across our financial, commercial, R&D objectives for the year. And it's an exciting time for us as we look to close out the year and move into 2013. We had a positive result for the long-lasting blood Factor IX for Hemophelia B and have 3 more pivotal trial data readouts ahead of us: Factor VIII for Hemophilia A, dexpramipexole for ALS and PEGylated interferon for MS, an all-time high for by Biogen Idec and the result of the commitment and productivity of the talented employees across the organization. As we prepare for the potential of multiple product launches in the coming years, we'll continue to be vigilant, keeping a tight lid on costs while investing where necessary to ensure that we have successful launches and a pipeline that delivers sustainable growth for the future. We believe that we're on track to deliver solid revenue and EPS growth in a year in which we've had a number of pipeline successes and in which we're investing heavily for the future growth that we anticipate from our new products. And that's not an easy thing to do. I want to thank our dedicated employees who have helped us to achieve our goals, as well as patients and physicians who are always central to what we do. So with that, we'll now close our remarks and open up the call for questions. Thanks to all of you for joining us this morning.
George A. Scangos: Yes, thanks, Eric. I'm -- why am I not surprised that's the first question? Okay, look, technically, the answer to your question is, yes, it is a major amendment. But let's understand what the term -- major amendment is kind of a term of art. So in the normal review of an FDA -- of an NDA, the FDA asks questions of the sponsor and to which the sponsor, in this case us, response in writing. So the FDA has the ability to determine that any of those responses can be classified as a major amendment. And so by doing so, the FDA extends the PDUFA date for 3 months, and as far as we know, there is no other mechanism by which the FDA can extend the PDUFA date by 3 months. So the fact that a response is classified as a major amendment doesn't necessarily mean that there are problems with the application or the drug. It can mean only that the FDA believes it needs more time to review the application, the answers to the questions, and will not be able to meet the original PDUFA date. And we believe that's the case with our application. And as you know, Eric, a 3-month extension has been applied to a lot of other compounds, including recent approvals in MS. So we believe we're on track, and we have a 3-month delay.
George A. Scangos: Well, in Europe, we submitted soon after we submitted in the United States earlier this year, in late February-March time frame, and we're on track. We're not going to comment on -- we're having the normal regulatory interactions. We're basically on track.
George A. Scangos: Okay. I think our hour is up. Thanks to all of you for spending an hour. And we're -- I'll just sum up and say, look, we're very excited about where we are. I think we've got a great few months coming up ahead of us, a lot of data readouts. And base business continues to do well, so we're -- I think we're in a good place. So thanks to all of you.
Tony Kingsley: Thank you, Doug. Solid execution of our product strategies drove 6% revenue growth in the third quarter. Global AVONEX revenues increased 8%, driven by a 5% units increase year-over-year, as we continued to experience competitive share performance within the ABCRE class across markets. We continue to be pleased with the uptake of the AVONEX PEN and believe strong commercial execution is driving strong performance. Convenience is an important differentiator in the ABCRE class, and as a once-weekly treatment, AVONEX has become a compelling choice for both patients and physicians. During the third quarter, more than 2/3 of all new AVONEX starts in the U.S. have been with the PEN. We've also seen strong conversion from the prefilled syringe to the PEN, which we believe will benefit longer-term retention. Similarly, we've seen significant interest in the AVOSTARTGRIP as over 2/3 of all new starts on AVONEX in the third quarter titrated with the AVOSTARTGRIP. Outside of the U.S., AVONEX remains the prominent MS therapy and we maintained our leading market share position. Unit growth in these markets was strong, increasing 8% year-over-year. Similar to the U.S., the AVONEX PEN is continuing to drive strong unit demand across Europe. Moving on to TYSABRI. Third quarter global TYSABRI units increased 9% versus prior year. We experienced strong unit growth both in the U.S. and outside the U.S., with TYSABRI units growing 10% and 8%, respectively, in the third quarter versus prior year. We are seeing solid growth in new patients, with 2,100 added during the third quarter. We're pleased with the execution of our commercial strategy. TYSABRI's core efficacy message continues to resonate with physicians and risk stratification and the use of the JCV assay continue to build physician belief in TYSABRI's benefit-risk profile. We see testing volumes growing nicely. Physicians are increasingly testing new candidates for TYSABRI. And we see greater confidence in moving the product earlier in the treatment paradigm. During the quarter, U.S. discontinuations rates remained stable quarter-over-quarter and TOUCH forms for newly diagnosed patients increased to the low double digits, providing confidence in our commercial strategy. In Europe, the rollout of the second-generation assay has contributed to a moderate increase in discontinuations. While we believe that TYSABRI will continue to see periods of lumpiness in net patient adds, we believe we will continue to see an overall solid growth trajectory. While we were obviously disappointed by the PDUFA extension in the U.S. for BG-12, we feel well prepared as we continue to invest in prelaunch preparations and detailed tactical planning. We are also accelerating our commercial activities for the hemophilia franchise given the recent positive readout in Factor IX and in anticipation of the upcoming Factor VIII readout. We have a strong nucleus of commercial leadership in place and we'll continue to build out the team, infrastructure and supply chain necessary for a successful launch. The hemophilia market will be a new market for Biogen Idec, but we understand the requirements for commercial success as we continue to build awareness, establish trust and credibility and attract world-class talent. We believe our commercial momentum is solid. We are executing our strategy successfully and believe we are well prepared for potential upcoming launches. With that, I'll hand the call over to Paul.
Tony Kingsley: Yes, thanks, Paul. So, Geoff, look, we had the plan for approval. Obviously, you'd want us to do that in resource and the critical areas for approval, particularly getting people trained and in place. So we are obviously well into that ramp for the right reason, but we also planned for the contingency. So we will have to adjust, redeploy and look to manage discretionary spend in the light of this delay and manage the ramp over time. So that's what we will do tactically at this point.
Tony Kingsley: Yes, thanks, Geoffrey. It's Tony. So on the numbers, TYSABRI is never an exact straight line between patients, units, et cetera. We have seen, we think, you look at U.S. and Europe, solid unit growth year-on-year and solid patient growth year-on-year. But as Paul will talk to, the impact outside the U.S. was more pricing, particularly IEFA and some FX issues.
Tony Kingsley: We'll think about it right up until the day we price. Look, I think we've said in the past it's unwise to comment on any kind of detail on pricing strategy. We're looking very closely at what's happening to the category and we're going to just try to strike the right balance.
Tony Kingsley: Yes. Thanks, Joel. So we have focused, not surprisingly, on the long lead time thing. So where we've added commercial focus is on thinking about product positioning and how to build awareness over time, thinking about health economics data, et cetera. We're obviously still a long way from adding true customer-facing resources, but distribution strategy, patient services strategy, that's all the stuff we're thinking, with kind of a core central theme. And then as we get closer to launch, when we get there, we'll obviously build out the customer-facing stuff.
Tony Kingsley: Tony, it's Tony Kingsley. On the Brazil situation, specifically. So specialty products in Brazil are purchased centrally by the government. AVONEX falls under what's effectively an administrative tender, which is essentially kind of a once-a-year price negotiation. In fact, they end up ordering quarterly, so shipments that are actually made are done on a quarterly basis based on the government's estimate of what they will need to fill the demand in hospitals. There is sometimes some quarter-to-quarter timing just when the shipment comes based on what the government does, but it's not like an all-or-nothing tender that you see in some different places. It's largely administrative.
Tony Kingsley: So it's Tony. Let me comment on the pricing for dexpramipexole. Look, obviously, we look at all sorts of analogies, but there are huge swings based on what the data says. It'd be very difficult to try to center it on what makes sense. Well, we're obviously looking closely at it, looking at the obvious analogies, but I still think there's a lot of question on the table of what the data will say.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes. And just to add, Geoff. And I think this is a probably continued commentary from our partners' conversation yesterday. Most of the imprecision, if you will, is rest of world patients, right? We have pretty darn good visibility, we think, driven by the TOUCH program in the United States for the patient calculation. Outside the United States, it really is -- and I apologize if we presented it as if it's precise data, but outside the United States, it's a combination of registries in certain countries, literally unit triangulation in other countries where we don't have registries. So I don't -- and we adjust those as we look backwards. I don't think that, as we do that and we look back, it has at all changed the fundamental story. The disconnect outside the United States between units, patients can be driven by what we just talked about, the imprecision of the data. It could be driven by compliance, which we don't think is a big deal, right? We've seen that in past years with TYSABRI, with drug holidays, suspension. We're not sensing that outside the United States and in Europe. And then it can be driven by inventory in parallel trade dynamics in Europe specifically. We do know of some parallel trade issues in the quarter that we work extremely hard, like any other biopharmaceutical company, to try to limit those, but there were some dynamics. And what ends up happening is units show up in one quarter versus -- as opposed to the other quarter from a patient perspective. The second part of your question, Geoff, was designed around AVONEX. I'd underscore, it was modest price reductions. We had seen some price reductions driven by austerity measures in 2010, 2011. Spain was one of those, as we pointed out in our SEC filings. This quarter, the most notable one was France where just kind of normal kind of price conversations with France resulted in a little bit of a low-single-digit decline in AVONEX price there. But I think we're weathering through that quite well in the aggregate.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, Rachel, I'll start with the first part of the question. So it has nothing to do with the data. I don't have any -- that information at all. And it's -- I'm glad you asked because we'd hate to have it be read that way at all. The basic thinking is that, if this trial is a positive trial in this disease and in this patient population, it's such a high unmet need, that we need to be prepared for that. I mean and we're going -- we would need to be prepared for a potential relatively quick review and the potential to supply patients even before that in some form or fashion. So that's -- and into -- the lead time, otherwise, even for a product like dex, is well beyond. We'd need to start it now. So that, we've taken on as what we call at-risk spending. It hits the P&L. We can't capitalize inventory until we get to a Phase III readout. So that literally is just our thinking around in case this is a positive readout. From a commercial perspective, we've paused with respect to a lot of dex -- we're doing a little bit of work there but we haven't done it to -- certainly to the magnitude that we're doing in BG-12. And -- but we think that, if it's positive, we will quickly be able to turn on the dime there.
Paul J. Clancy: Yaron, this is Paul. It actually -- it's a function of a bunch of different things, including the channel dynamics and as well as the government mix in that product. I mean, MS isn't going to be that different product to product to product. But the government part of the business, as you know, in the United States is limited to the kind of a -- essentially a CPI index. So and I guess the other big factor is the percentage of the business or the products business that is helping to support unemployed people in patient-set need. So I mean, I'd just pause to say it's -- that is -- that probably isn't too far off the mark, but it can change product to product.
Paul J. Clancy: Thanks, Marshall. This is Paul. I'll try to address the IP situation. Nothing terribly new to report with respect to where we think we are -- stand in the EU, as well as in the United States with the 999 patents and the 5 years of data exclusivity even underneath that. I think what you're mostly referring to is our -- what we've done is file for a formulation patent that has the potential to extend it out much later than that. That has been filed over the last year and we don't have visibility and probably won't for a little bit of time in terms of the ruling on that.
Paul J. Clancy: And then I think the other thought you had, Brian, were synergies that, now that you appropriately kind of have the math right that there is closer alignment between the U.S. FDA approval and the EU approval. I think the way to think about that, though, is that they're modest. Outside, in Europe in particular, as you know, there's approval and then it's country-by-country rollout. So certainly, Germany likely is going to be one of the first and the normal, as you would think. And the last question, Brian, I think you had was around IEFA timing. We, as our partner, we're frustrated and disappointed that we weren't able to get it done this year. It's still not over, right? It's just that's the guidance that we have built into the financials and want to have that for expectations. I think that's appropriate. As we move into 2013, it certainly -- we -- certainly, that is a big objective of ours.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, Thomas, thank you. This is Paul. Let me give a little bit more color to help on that. A lot of the step-up, 3 to 4, some of it is labor, personnel, customer-facing costs, but a lot of it is fees and services. So we have the ability to kind of -- and we purposely wanted to throttle that a bit more, going into the fourth quarter, closer to launch. So that's a bit purposeful. So I think that's -- it's just kind of a helpful framing. It's -- and then, as it relates to 2013, I mean, quite frankly, we really need the next few months under our belt, next 3 or 4 months under our belts, which will give us a greater clarity on the next set of pivotal trial readouts. I think I've described that 2013 could be a year of launching 0, 1, 2, 3 or 4 products. And that if it's the right-hand side of that equation, it obviously puts upward pressure on SG&A for all the great -- all great reasons. And if not, it puts a little bit less of upward pressure on SG&A. So I think it's going -- as we spin into 2013, it very much is a function of the pivotal trial readouts that are upon us over the next -- this cohort of pivotal trial readouts. And we'll get -- we should get greater visibility, obviously, as we've noted, soon with respect to Factor VIII by the end of the year or early 2013, for dex. And I think -- so then, we'll be able to talk a lot more about SG&A.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, so and then just to build on -- I think what you're trying to get at is kind of the sequential AVONEX unit trend. Q2 was an extremely strong AVONEX unit, if you recall, one, for what you had noted. The second was that we actually benefited in Q2 from a refill from the product supply issue that we had in Q1. So we're -- the net of that is, hey, we're very pleased with our AVONEX unit trend as we swing through a year-to-date basis outside the United States. The other part of your question, I believe, was with respect to accounts receivable in Southern Europe. The second quarter was a very strong payment from Spain as many pharmaceutical companies -- so we benefited from that as well. The third quarter, I think, Spain has kind of gone back to what was more traditional over the last year or 2. We remain at those -- the 3 countries in Southern Europe: Italy, Spain and Portugal, as our areas of key focus from an accounts receivable perspective. We have, in aggregate, a little bit over $200 million of accounts receivable in those 3 countries. And I think, as people know, in Greece we're actually on a cash basis, with a distributor relationship there. So it's -- for us, it's centered in on those 3.
Douglas Edward Williams: Yes. Mark, this is Doug. So with respect to the first question, I'll take that, and then I'll pass it off to Al to address the question about ALS. With respect to FUMADERM, these are 2 different drugs, as we've been maintaining all along. FUMADERM is a mix of fumaric acid esters and BG-12 is dimethyl fumarate in a different formulation. So obviously, the regulators are aware of the data around FUMADERM, particularly in Germany which is where that drug is approved for psoriasis. But 2 different drugs in different populations of patients with different comorbidities, so no, it's not necessarily relevant, we believe, to the BG-12 situation.
Douglas Edward Williams: And Rachel, this is Doug. With respect to XenoPort, obviously we're aware of the data. We've been tracking what XenoPort has been doing with that compound, and we feel very confident in BG-12. We've got very large data set that we've accumulated in the Phase III program and now supplemented that with the ENDORSE results that we presented at ECTRIMS, which further extends the safety experience with that drug. So that, plus the fact that we have our own life cycle management activities going on that we feel good about, I think we feel like we're in a great position.
Douglas Edward Williams: And as far as the second question. This is Doug. As George described earlier in the call, this was just sort of normal course of business in terms of responding to questions from FDA. And so they determined, based on the back and forth, that essentially they needed more time to review the file.
Douglas Edward Williams: And Marshall, this is Doug. Just speaking to your question about success in the Hemophilia A study. We haven't really quantified that, I think, in terms of, say, a target product profile with percentage of patients and frequency of dosing. But I'd just take you back to the Phase I/II experience where that change in half-life translates to somewhere on the order of 50 to 80 fewer infusions for a patient with Hemophilia A. If we can replicate that in the Phase III experience, I think we'll feel very good about the product and what its potential is in the marketplace.
Douglas Edward Williams: Well, I'll take the first 2, and it's fairly easy. The answer is yes and yes. And I'll sort of defer the question on the commercial preparation to Tony.
Douglas Edward Williams: I'll take the number one, Paul, which is the aspirin study. No, we don't anticipate that we will be able to add that into the initial filing. There's no mechanism where we can do that.
Douglas Edward Williams: Tony, it's Doug. No, it hasn't really changed our thinking about the development of our own antibody. I think we're pretty bullish on the fact that the antibody we have is distinctly different in terms of its mechanism. I think the ability to remove plaque -- beta-amyloid plaque is going to be perhaps more like the Roche antibody that's been reported out, just based on our mechanism versus the mechanism for the other antibodies. So we believe that the ability to rapidly remove beta-amyloid is going to be a benefit that our drug will demonstrate in this Phase Ib study. I think that's important in terms of demonstrating efficacy. I think you also have to take into account the population of patients that was looked at in some of the early studies. We, like everyone, are moving to an earlier population of patients, which I think is a prudent and intelligent way of approaching treatment in this patient population. So we're going about the study, and I think in a very rational and systematic way using imaging as a way of defining optimal dose for our drug to go forward into what I'd characterize as sort of proper efficacy studies where we'll be looking more carefully at endpoints like cognition. So I think we're learning from the previous studies that have been reported and trying to apply that learning to our own molecule. But we're still excited about the antibody and the prospects.
