Al Sandrock: Thank you, Michel. Before diving in, let me first take a moment to say how excited I am, about the opportunity to lead the R&D organization here at Biogen. I’m extremely proud of the team for all the hard work that brought us to today’s announcement on aducanumab, and I believe now more than ever, that Biogen is uniquely positioned to bring breakthroughs in neuroscience and transform the lives of patients with neurological disease. As Michel said, we were all surprised when we learned of the potential implications of the new analysis of a larger dataset from the Phase 3 studies of aducanumab. Following discussions with external advisors and the FDA, we have now come to better understand what happened, and even more importantly with the positive implications of the larger dataset may mean for patients, physicians and the broader scientific community. To start, I will briefly summarize our current understanding of the Phase 3 data, before I turn the call over to Samantha, who will describe in more detail, the series of events and analysis that have led us to the current conclusions and status today. First, it is important to understand what the results – that the results you will hear about today, which we have analyzed in consultation with the FDA, are based on a new analysis of a larger dataset, than that which was used for the futility analysis. Our primary learning from these data is that sufficient exposure to high dose aducanumab reduced clinical decline across multiple clinical endpoints. This reduction and clinical decline was statistically significant in EMERGE, and we believe that patients – that the data from patients who achieve sufficient exposure to high dose aducanumab in ENGAGE support the findings of EMERGE. After consultation with the FDA, we believe that the totality of these data support a regulatory filing. Importantly patients included in the futility analysis, were those who had enrolled early in the trials and those early enrolling patients had a lower average exposure to aducanumab in large part due to two protocol amendments that occurred sometime after the start of the trials. These two protocol amendments were put in place precisely to enable more patients to reach high dose aducanumab, and for a longer duration. As a consequence, the larger dataset available after trial cessation included more patients with sufficient exposure to high dose aducanumab. Moreover, differences between EMERGE and ENGAGE can mostly be accounted for by a greater level of exposure to high dose aducanumab in EMERGE due to multiple factors including the fact that ENGAGE started earlier and enrolled earlier then EMERGE, meaning that fewer patients in ENGAGE had sufficient exposure to high dose aducanumab, as well as other factors including differences in the degree of dose suspension due to ARIA. Taken together, we believe that these data and the associated extensive analysis provide compelling evidence that aducanumab reduces the otherwise devastating and inexorable clinical decline of Alzheimer’s disease. To expand further, I will now hand the call over to Samantha.
Al Sandrock: Umar, this is Al Sandrock, and I will turn it over to Samantha later for follow-up. But look, your point is well taken, the low dose is consistent across ENGAGE and EMERGE, and that’s because the particularly the second protocol amendment, really affected the high dose arm of – in the carriers. So in the low dose arm or in the protocol amendments had less of an effect and I think that’s one of the main reasons for the consistency in the results across the two studies. I’ll turn it over to Samantha for a follow-up.
Al Sandrock: Yes, hi, this is Al. It’s generally our policy not to comment too much on the content of regulatory interactions. I will say though that they thought it was reasonable for us to submit an application to – for approval. So that’s the main, that was the upside of the meeting.
Al Sandrock: Let me with the last question and I’ll let Samantha answer the first couple. First of all, the FDA did see the full analysis of both studies and I would also say that the only study we have planned right now is the redosing study and any further study, we’ll update you as soon as we plan one.
Al Sandrock: Thanks, Michael. I’ll start. Look, I don’t think – first of all there is a slight negative. I would say that that was just basically no effect. And then those who did not have the high dose, I would not say that they had a negative effect, in fact, in many ways, there was either neutral or positive effect. But I would point out this, you remember the 6 milligram per kilogram dose arm in PRIME, that everybody was wondering about. You always ask me questions about it. I remember, Michael, and we thought that was an outlier. Well, maybe that wasn’t the outlier. Maybe that was true in that the 3 milligram per kilogram that looked like it was trending was the outlier. So in other words, what I’m saying is that there is a very sort of sharp dose response, if you will, you have to get to high dose of aducanumab and intermediate dosing at least in an 18-month trial is not enough.
Al Sandrock: Let me start with the last question first. So we have just started to contact the European regulators that we haven’t had any substantive discussions as of yet. In terms of the EMERGE and ENGAGE, I – we looked at – we look at ENGAGE in totality as a positive study that stands on its own. And remember, as Samantha said we use pre-specified primary and secondary outcomes, we didn’t look at a subset. We looked at all the patients and based on that, we believe the study met its primary endpoint and the secondary endpoints as well. I think that whether or not a single trial can be approved, there are circumstances where an FDA can approve a drug based on a single study, it’s up to them to determine what those circumstances are, and so I’ll just leave it at that and then I would say that ENGAGE, we believe, we showed the data for example in those who achieve sufficient exposure to 10 milligrams per kilogram. We do see evidence of efficacy. So I would say that EMERGE stands on its own, ENGAGE has supportive evidence, and I would also say that PRIME is supportive, it’s a well controlled Phase 1b, some may call it Phase 2 trial, and we’ll submit all the data.
Al Sandrock: Yes, I agree with Samantha. I think that dose suspension in the context of an 18-month study was – it could be problematic, because they didn’t achieve enough of the high dose. But in clinical practice, we don’t do 18 month treatment periods. We’re going to treat patients for longer periods of time. And in that situation I think dose suspension may be acceptable in some patients.
Al Sandrock: These were good questions Matthew and we’re still learning as we look at the data, but I would say this, the – even in MCI patient, if you look at the amount of amyloid in the brain, it’s tremendous. It took 20 years to build that much up and in the context of an 18 month trial, you have to remove a large amount of amyloid. I think that’s what distinguishes as you aducanumab and BAN2401, is that we can – it’s safe enough to achieve the doses that allow us to remove a large amount of amyloid. And if you don’t remove a large amount, you’re not going to get an effect. Also there is a lag. You remove amyloid, and then there is a little bit of a lag for the clinical effect. We saw that in PRIME for example, where we did have some amyloid lowering of six months, but we saw no difference in the clinical outcomes at six months. It was – it took the 12-month time period to see – to start to see an effect on clinical outcomes. So in addition to a large amount of amyloid removal, I think you need to have a little bit of time for that, for that biological activity to have an effect on clinical outcomes That’s what we see and I would say that if you look at the amyloid-PET results that was on one of the slides and those who had more than 10 doses of 10 milligrams, you can see that the SUVR score is very similar in ENGAGE in that subgroup of patients in ENGAGE to the EMERGE total dataset. So – and so again, what it says is that if you give it enough of the high dose, you can achieve a certain amount of amyloid removal and that certain amount is what’s required to see the reduction in clinical decline in an 18 month study.
Al Sandrock: Ronny, this is Al. My head is swimming even just with the first question. But, so I think first of all you should remember that in EMERGE even at the time of this utility analysis, that study was trending positive as Samantha said. And then we add those additional patients and it didn’t take that many now to then in the April dataset to see that – they had met its primary endpoint. And then I would also say that we also looked at the patients who had not completed 18 months, all the rest of the patients, which is roughly half the patients because we only looked at the first half, the first half of the enrollees for futility. So it’s a large number of patients that we ended up looking at and I remind you that result that you saw in that slide was all the patients in EMERGE, who had been randomized, the ITT population and it was using the prespecified primary and secondary endpoints. And then I now forgot the second question.
Al Sandrock: I would also say Ronny that the, PET was done in a subset of patients to – so the numbers that you see on the left side, which is the amyloid-PET are from – the only the subset who got the PET imaging.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Jeff. To summarize, first, the positive clinical results for aducanumab position Biogen to potentially lead the fight against Alzheimer’s disease. Second, these data validates Biogen strategy to focus on an interconnected neuroscience pipeline and productization of target supported by human genetics. Third, our base business continued to deliver solid performance in Q3 2019, driven by strong execution against our strategic priorities. Between now and the end of 2020, we expect continued progress as we aim to build a multi-franchise portfolio including nine additional mid to late stage data readouts, the expected launch of VUMERITY in the U.S. and submitting the regulatory filing for aducanumab in the U.S. while continuing dialog with regulatory authorities in international markets, including in Europe and in Japan. I am proud of the Biogen team for not being deterred by history of disappointment in the pursuit of Alzheimer’s therapies and more so for continuing their work of analyzing the clinical trial data with unprecedented focus and intensity even in light of an apparent futility results. This work reflects Biogen’s steadfast determination to follow the science, tackle the biggest challenges and do always the right thing for the patients. Finally, what is most important today is that in consultation with the FDA, we are excited to be moving ahead and preparing for regulatory filing for aducanumab on the ground of positive clinical results. And we will be redosing eligible patients from our Alzheimer’s trials as quickly as possible. This is a major step in the fight against Alzheimer’s disease and an important inflection point for Biogen’s neuroscience mission. We believe now more than ever that our core focus on neuroscience will enable us to maximize the value for all our stakeholders. First and foremost, for the patients as well as for our shareholders as the leader in neuroscience, we believe that no other company is better positioned to continue to deliver breakthrough therapies for diseases of the nervous system. We will continue to execute on our cost strategy to build a multi franchise portfolio across our core and emerging growth areas. We are inspired by the progress we have made in tackling Alzheimer’s disease and the broader scientific implications of the positive clinical results for aducanumab. I would like to thank all the Biogen employees in particular, those who have been working tirelessly on the aducanumab program and the many more who will contribute to this critical priority over time. I am incredibly grateful for all the patients, physicians and caregivers who have dedicated so much time and efforts to our Alzheimer’s clinical studies and advancing our understanding of this very complex disease. I would like to thank the FDA for their guidance, and independent scientific expertise throughout this process. We will now open up the call for questions.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Umer. This is Michel. Mike decided to leave the company on his own and I can cannot thank him enough for his many contributions over the past three and half years to Biogen. So, thanks, Mike. And at the same time I’m extremely confident in Al’s leadership as a clinician too, as a scientist to take the helm at the time where the R&D portfolio never been as stronger, the team also and the capabilities.
Michel Vounatsos: Jay, I’ll start and then Samantha will follow up. We believe it is clinically meaningful, we heard that anything above 20% is clinically meaningful as a neurologist being the first drug of its – of its kind we have no drugs right now that affect the clinical decline in Alzheimer’s disease. This would be the very first. So anything North of 20%, we believe is clinically meaningful and I would also add that – in clinical practice. I think that MCI patients, will be – if approved though enjoy the benefit of living an more independent life for longer periods of time. If you look at that AD, the activities of daily living, It’s a 40% effect and that’s a caregiver assessment of whether or not that the patients can live independently, can do their household chores, etcetera so. That’s all very clinically meaningful results.
Michel Vounatsos: So thank you all for attending our Q3 call characterized by the go-to file decision for aducanumab with the US FDA, but also with a solid performance for the quarter. Today is about hope and opportunity for the patients first but also for the shareholders. Have a good day.
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: Yes, that’s correct. Umar you’ll also see that in the high dose for ENGAGE that we do have a partial response on ADAS-Cog13, and the ADCS-ADL-MCI. And so the potential read that you have there on CDR-Sum of Boxes and MMSC is that these are potentially less sensitive as endpoints. So what Al said is that in the high-dose group we know that we have less doses than we – at the high dose than we had in EMERGE, and we also know that the studies were to some degree impacted by dose suspensions due to ARIA, so dosing is a complex combination of duration, magnitude and no interruptions.
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: Certainly. So the first part that if we pulled the outcomes on ENGAGE and EMERGE at the high dose essentially you’ll get an intermediate effect, not much more complicated than that. But we are looking at these stand-alone studies as two independently identically designed studies. The second part of the question, which I had forgotten actually,
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: Yes, so they started one month difference between the two studies, as I mentioned and they remained different throughout the entirety of the studies and that initial one month at certain periods of the studies in particularly through the protocol amendments was greater in the middle of the studies and more details around this will come at the presentation in CTAD.
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: And the second part of the question was on ARIA and high dose and that was consistent in incidence for the studies that we have previously reported, and we’ll give more details on that at CTAD.
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: Thanks, Al. Going to your first question, Geoff. Have we had independent review. As we mentioned, one of the first steps that we undertook was to engage external advisors to help us review this data and that did include independent statistical experts, but the data that we did take to the FDA as Al says was a full dataset, which was an analysis of the blinded data conducted using the same statistical analysis plan as we had originally planned for the end of the study. And the validity of the dataset was the first thing that we analyzed together with the FDA. To your second question on whether we are conducting another study. As we’ve mentioned, our next steps are twofold, one is the FDA indicated to us that it is reasonable for us to file these two studies, and for us to go ahead and put together a re-dosing study for the patients who were in previously enrolled studies of aducanumab.
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: Yes. So the first thing I want to mention is, in terms of the numbers of subjects who had the particular dataset that you’re referring to more dose, more than 10 doses of 10 milligram per kilogram, there’s more than a 10% difference between the two studies, but that’s not the only parameter of difference that is important for dose. As I’ve mentioned, you need to achieve high dose for long enough, but also have no interruptions, and so that’s a more complex calculation between the two studies.
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: So your question regarding ApoE4 carriers versus non-carriers, the analysis that we’ve conducted to date has been on the entire studies. And as we’ve mentioned for EMERGE, we have a positive but we met the primary endpoint for the entire patient population and details of subgroups is something that will come to later. And we’ll have details at CTAD.
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: So, thanks. Thank you for the question. I want to point out that the analysis that we conducted in close consultation with the FDA around determining who in ENGAGE did have a response were exploratory analysis. And any time that you look at a subset of patients who you have very important questions in regards to whether they are balance for the baseline characteristics. The studies overall, were very well balanced for all baseline characteristics and as I mentioned, ApoE4 status. But those subgroups are exploratory in nature and they help us understand that dosing is important for efficacy. And in the context of an 18-month trial, one does tend to see that you need a certain number of doses for clinical benefit of aducanumab. However, that’s not the same as one would anticipate in a real world situation where an individual is taking aducanumab for an extended period of time, for a dose interruption would likely be of less significance.
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: Yes, Al just add to that, on the question of numbers. On the graph that you’ve just referred to, you got the end numbers. So they were 147 for EMERGE and 116 for ENGAGE in that CDR-Sum of Boxes analysis. But the question you ask of how many patients have the precise criteria? Well there aren’t precise criteria. Dose response is not binary. And so, given the levels of dose you have a different response and it’s a bit of a sliding scale. So we have that exploratory analysis that we disclosed to explain what it is we learned around the importance of dose, but there is no perfect number of doses that are required, it’s not binary.
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: So I just want to recap that Slide 22 was a piece of exploratory analysis, it is not the subset, to be release are supported, it’s just a particular analysis to emphasize the point that there are subjects in ENGAGE, whom if they do have sufficient dosing, do support the outcome of EMERGE.
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: Yes. So the question of whether we had achieved the correct dose. I think what we have learned clearly is that dose is very important, but that if individuals do receive 10 milligram per kilogram then they do have an efficacious response. I think the trials unfortunately were hampered by a number of operational and other implications that meant – that not enough patients got 10 milligram per kilogram, so we do believe that would be the correct dose.
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: Thank you. So, to your first question in amyloid plaque reduction, we do believe that PET measurement of amyloid plaque reduction is a very sensitive tool of dose and you’ve correctly identified that ENGAGE at the high dose is showing a lower reduction than in EMERGE and we do believe that, that is a clear reflection of the lower doses that were achieved in that high dosing group in ENGAGE. And the second question was.
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: Other measures that function. Yes, so the exploratory analysis that we have demonstrated for you, we focused on the primary endpoint, and we do not have the same analysis for the functional endpoints, but you do have those results for the overall study where even in ENGAGE, we do have some response on the functional scores, albeit not statistically significant.
