George Scangos: Okay. Thank you, Ben, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Third quarter was marked by significant progress across several key areas. We delivered a 11% revenue growth and 18% non-GAAP EPS growth, as we continue to see modification growth across the portfolio. We have several important developments in our pipeline. We initiated enrollment for our Phase 3 clinical program for aducanumab and Alzheimer’s disease. We announced Phase 3 results for TYSABRI and secondary progressive MS, which I will cover in more detail later in the call. And we continue to strengthen our pipeline by announcing an agreement to exclusively license MT-1303 for Mitsubishi Tanabe. On the commercial front, we remain committed to improving our commercial trajectory with a particular emphasis on TECFIDERA. Our market research continues to indicate that prescribers believe TECFIDERA has a very strong benefit risk profile. However, patient growth in the U.S. and Germany remains challenging, and we’re actively working to improve this dynamic. We’ve increased sales costs for TECFIDERA, as we continue to educate physicians on TECFIDERA’s strong efficacy and favorable safety profile and its label and monitoring requirements. We’ve also increased our direct-to-consumer marketing in the U.S., including a recently launched television campaign that some of you may have seen. We also made significant progress on capital allocation. Through yesterday, we’ve returned approximately $3.9 billion to our shareholders through the repurchase of our common stock. Importantly, Biogen still retains strategic flexibility to support both continued business development and potentially larger scale acquisitions. We remain focused on strengthening and expanding our early stage pipeline through tuck-in acquisitions and collaborations. The strategy that has produced assets, such as TECFIDERA, ELOCTATE, ALPROLIX, aducanumab, Isis-SMNRx and Raxatrigine. We’re actively looking for late-stage and commercial assets, which have the potential to add both strategic value and near-term revenue growth, while maintaining financial discipline. Today, we also announced the corporate restructuring that we believe will best position the company to achieve our strategic priorities. This decision to reduce our workforce was extremely difficult and we’re very thankful for the hard work and contributions of our talented colleagues and friends. As part of our effort to focus on key commercial initiatives and high potential pipeline candidate, we’ve also made a decision to discontinue several pipeline program that includes TECFIDERA in secondary progressive MS, as well as certain programs in immunology and fibrosis research, including anti-TWEAK. Importantly, we plan to reinvest the savings from this restructuring into key commercial initiatives and a number of prioritized programs across our emerging mid- and late-stage pipeline, including commercial initiatives aimed at increasing sales and marketing therapies, including new direct-to-consumer marketing programs for TECFIDERA, the advancement of aducanumab, BAN2401, and E 2609 for Alzheimer’s disease, Anti-LINGO for multiple sclerosis, Isis-SMNRx for spinal muscular atrophy, our recently acquired asset from Convergence, Raxatrigine for Trigeminal Neuralgia and other pain indications, and MT-1303 for inflammatory bowel disease and other autoimmune diseases. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Al for an update on R&D.
George Scangos: Hey, thank you, Paul. This year has been a challenging month for those of us here at Biogen. But I believe that we have a solid business and R&D pipeline with exceptional potential, a thoughtful capital allocation strategy, a well-controlled expense base, and a capable group of people, who can execute against our goals. If we put aside quarterly revenue variations due to fluctuations in inventory levels, FX, or other factors, on a unit basis, we’ve seen moderate but steady growth in the underlying business. Our pipeline has matured, and I believe that pipeline is more exciting and more promising than it was a year ago. Additional data for aducanumab and Anti-LINGO increased our optimism about both of those compounds. We believe that MT-1303 has real potential in ulcerative colitis and Crohn’s disease. Raxatrigine had promising data in a controlled Phase 2 trial and will move to Phase 3 trial in trigeminal neuralgia in a Phase 2B trial in sciatica. SMNRx data from the open label Phase 2 trial are encouraging, and we’re looking forward to the Phase 3 data late next year or early 2017. Additionally, our research has become truly world-class, and were looking forward to giving you a deeper view of what we’re doing at R&D Day on November 3. In Q3, we began the execution of a thoughtful capital allocation strategy. We issued $6 billion of senior unsecured notes, which allowed us to take advantage of our lowered stock price to return approximately $4 billion to investors through stock buy backs with an additional $1 billion to go. We have been able to reduce our share count substantially, while leaving adequate financial flexibility for strategic acquisitions of compounds and our companies. We continue to consider opportunities within our core areas of expertise, both large and small, and as always, we’ll do so, while being financially disciplined. The restructuring that we announced today was an extremely difficult position, and all of us feel deeply for the affected employees. These people are our friends and colleagues and they’ve played a big role in the successes that Biogen has had up until now. They’re good people, good employees, and it truly saddens us to have to take this action. On behalf of the senior leadership team, I want to express our sincere appreciation for the work that everyone at Biogen has done. Although this action is extremely difficult, it’s a necessary step in order for us to fulfill our goals as a company. I believe that our mid- and late-stage pipeline is larger and higher quality than it has ever been, aducanumab, SMNRx, Raxatrigine, and MT-1303 either are or soon will be in Phase 3, and we’re hopeful that LINGO will join them next year. These programs will require substantial investments and we believe that restructuring will allow us to aggressively conduct these programs, while maintaining healthy earnings growth. Next year, we expect to have meaningful clinical data from SMNRx, Anti-LINGO, BAN2401, our base inhibitor E2609, and we hope to gain approval for ZINBRYTA and for two of our bio-similar molecules. So our pipeline has both near-term and longer-term potential to add value to patients and the company. And we need to be able to adequately fund these exciting programs. The restructuring helps us to do so. Before I conclude, I want to take a moment to acknowledge Tony Kingsley’s contributions to Biogen. Tony joined Biogen over five years ago and was instrumental in leading the successful introduction of several important new therapies that help serve patients around the world. I want to publicly thank Tony for all that he has done and wish him all the best in his next endeavor. Tony built an extremely capable team, and I believe that we have the people and programs in place to maximize the potential of our commercial portfolio. In the interim, leadership of this group will be assumed by John Cox, EVP of Pharmaceutical Operations and Technology. John has been with Biogen for over 12 years, has a good understanding of all aspects of our business, and I believe that we will – he will effectively lead this group. So as we move forward, we’re starting from a good base and we’ll focus on five key goals. One, maximize the potential of our commercial portfolio; two, aggressively advance our mid- and late-stage clinical programs to get them gone on or ahead of schedule; three, continue our emphasis on world-class science and medicine; four, carefully control our costs; and five, pursue nonorganic growth opportunities. We’re energized by the potential that we have to transform the lives of patients around the world, and by doing so to do right by our shareholders. I can’t promise you success in everything that we do, but I can promise you our commitment and dedication. And with that, we’ll now open up the call for questions.
George Scangos: Yes, Terence, it’s hard for me, I think, we’re obviously right in the middle of planning. So we did want to provide some context, given we’ve got all these moving pieces coming out of the restructuring right now. But I think it goes back to it likely is operating expenses that are up. It is likely a very manageable number up. I don’t want to give a specific number until we really get kind of to the end of year call and the 2016 guidance call. But the restructuring provides real benefits in the magnitude what we announced today of $250 million. We’re going to – we’re working now, that is very much about head count reduction in some of the program decisions. We’re working now to – during our planning process to look at fees and services, what we call external expenses as well and put it under similar type of lens. And then we’re very happy that we simultaneously on the flipside of all these great opportunities is the mid- and late-stage pipeline starts to mature. So I think we’re attacking the efficiencies and working towards investing wisely towards driving sustainable growth for the future. And what we’re trying to do is essentially make that all work as George had mentioned towards getting some earnings leverage as well.
George Scangos: Okay. This is George. I can take the first part of that question. Look, obviously, there has been a lot of rhetoric about drug pricing recently, part of that is the presidential campaign. I don’t expect that rhetoric to go away anytime soon. I think the industry is preparing a thoughtful presentation of a different perspective on drug prices, and the value that we bring to patients [indiscernible]. And – look, I mean, that’s what everybody says, but it’s true. In the end, things are going to be priced according to the value that they bring to patients. And if I – we – I believe that if we bring forward innovative drugs that make a difference in the lives of patients that those will continue to get attractive pricing. And that’s why we’re working on the kinds of drugs that we’re working aducanumab and SMNRx and LINGO for MS. Those potentially can make a magnitude of difference that will continue to justify good reimbursement even in a tough pricing environment. So I think that’s how we’re thinking about it generally. In terms of gross to net, I’ll let Paul take that part of the question.
George Scangos: Sure. Look, we are constantly looking for interesting opportunities that are consistent with our strategy that are in our areas of expertise. I would say there is no sweet spot, it’s a question of value of what you get for what you pay. And we’ve been financially disciplined in the past. I think, we brought in some attractive assets MT-1303 and Raxatrigine in the past several months. I think, those are very interesting compounds. We will continue to look for compounds like that that we believe are high-quality compounds with reasonable chances of success and making a difference on the marketplace that we can acquire at – also make sense for us. So we’re looking at some small things, we’re looking at some large things. And there’s not so much question of the size, but as of making solid, strategic, medical, and financial decisions.
George Scangos: On 1303, we were – first of all the – on the efficacy side, we felt that the efficacy was similar to all the – to the other S1P1 modulators, and certainly when you look across the MS trials, and even when you look across, say, psoriasis. The most attractive thing was the fact that Mitsubishi Tanabe with their expertise figured out a way to – it’s not simply taking out the S1P3 activity, because a lot of people have done that. But there are other characteristics of the molecule that needed to have a – we think an interesting effect on the heart rate, which we believe is one of the key issues associated with first dose administration. And so it was that, that was attractive. On TYSABRI, I don’t think TYSABRI is used very much in PPMS. In fact, there are no effective therapies for PPMS. And I think I’m pretty – I don’t think that any of the immunomodulatory therapies are used very much at all and PPMS is my understanding.
George Scangos: On BAN, I think, there’ll be several endpoints. One is that there’ll be – we’ll be looking at amyloid plaque load – amyloid plaque burden, which I think is important. And there is an examination of cognition using a composite endpoint, which includes things like the CDR sum-of-boxes. And the number, my understanding of the interim analysis or these analysis is based on a number of patients randomized. And so – but, again, I think, any detailed questions on that, I would rather that you ask [indiscernible]
George Scangos: I knew there was a second part of that question. I think we missed the market opportunity as well. So I – we I don’t think it’s great practice to be talking about interim looks and we’re not really planning on anything like that for aducanumab, I think we have a robustly designed trial it’s at the right duration. And so we’ll go right to the end.
George Scangos: Yes, and this is George. Look, if you look out into next year, we’ll have four compounds in Phase 3, that’s not four Phase 3 trial it’s more than four trials, but it’s for Phase 3 programs. And we’re hopeful if LINGO has data next year that justify moving that forward that will be a fit and we certainly want to leave capacity to move LINGO forward through the Phase 2 data justifying doing so. So I think anything that we would look to in-license that would go immediately into Phase 3, we’d have to cross a pretty high hurdle right. We will, but we’re continuing to look for compounds at all stages I think and at this point with particular emphasis on their earlier pipeline.
Alfred Sandrock: So, thanks, Mark. On the first question, we expect to show results in the second-half of the year. We actually have two places – oh, next year, yes. The – there’s two places where we’re doing titration. One is that we – when we put people from placebo in the prime study, in our Phase 1B study over into the long-term extension that was the titration phase. And second, in cohorts eight to nine in the prime study, titration was built into the – into that study. So there are these two studies essentially to analyze and it’s going to take us a little time of time particularly to get to the 10 milligram, which is what you’re interested in, and will be the second-half of next year. In terms of the Anti-LINGO, I mean, look, it’s high risk. I mean, nobody has ever even attempted really that I know to repair the central nervous system, and it’s a tall order. On the other hand, we think we have proof of biology based on the optic neuritis study. We believe that the results portend that we’re getting the biology we want. The key question for me is, is that biology going to lead to a clinically meaningful effect? And that’s what we’re hoping to see in the MS trial.
Alfred Sandrock: Well, I mean, what we are saying is that, it’s true that there was a minority of patients, that were still relapsing in the trial, and that’s why we were able to show a robust effect on relapse rate. Those are what I would call active from the inflammatory point of view. And that – there clearly was – we saw what we had seen in the past an inflammatory disease with TYSABRI. In the non-inflammatory group, which was, I think, the majority of patients, we think, we see something in the upper extremity. However, we did not see an effect on the other two components of the primary endpoint, which was the EDSS and the Timed 25-Foot Walk. And so we were disappointed in the fact that, we didn’t see an effect on ambulation. And so I think that’s the reason why the primary endpoint was negative. I would say that upper extremity function is important in patients, particularly if their ambulation is starting to get lost. So that’s why we’re going to present these results next year at the Scientific Meeting.
Alfred Sandrock: So, on 1303 and MS, there’s a number of option for that, and we’re looking at all of them. And well, first, we have to wait for this deal to close. But in the meantime, we’re considering a number of options. In terms of the other Alzheimer’s program BAN and the base inhibitor, I think the best thing to do, we’d ask a sigh actually what their timelines are. My understanding is that sometime next year, we’ll see some data from the base inhibitor. And in terms of the BAN, I mean, there’s sort of interim analysis that are based on events or numbers of people randomized I believe. So that’s my understanding. But I think we could see something next year as well.
Alfred Sandrock: Well, we’ve been fairly optimistic – I’ve been fairly optimistic for quite sometime, and with every passing day, as we look at the open label of the data from the Phase 1 studies, my optimism remains. And but I still think that we’re going to need data from the Phase 3 program. I mean, these are the definitive controlled clinical trials, and I would not want to raise any expectations that we could do anything without looking at that data.
Alfred Sandrock: On ocrelizumab, first of all, I think, Roche did a very nice job of the Phase 3 program in both relapsing MS and PPMS. I do think, I believe it will if approved will be a major contribution from MS patients,, which is good. The – on the efficacy side, it did lineup with our expectations. It’s pretty similar in many ways to what’s already been shown in the Phase 2 program for not only ocrelizumab, but RITUXAN. And so it’s in line with our expectations. As with any program, there’s always some safety issues. And we’ll see how the label shapes up in terms of the benefit risk, and then that will determine, how it relates to other products in the market.
Alfred Sandrock: Chris, I’ll start with the TECFIDERA inventory question and whether or not, it was driven by pricing, we don’t believe so. Our best understanding is actually the driver of the increase on inventory in the specialty channels was more driven by some government purchases, that really actually potentially relate to fiscal year for certain government institutions. So that wasn’t – as I noted, it wasn’t a lot $10 million or $15 million, so that’s our best understanding at this point.
Alfred Sandrock: Yes. Well, we are targeting prodromal and the milder sort of segment of the mild populations based on an EDSS, I mean, sorry, MMSE cut off. And that’s because our belief is that the drug – these drugs will work better in the earlier stages of the disease. And in terms of enrollment, we’re pretty encouraged by what we see in early days. There’s a lot of excitement about our drug, and our enrollment line rates are in line or slightly ahead of what we anticipated. So far it’s still early days on the enrollment, and there’s a lot of competition for similar types of patients, nevertheless, we’re encouraged by what we see and…
Alfred Sandrock: Yes, no thanks, thanks Michael, it’s actually helpful the point of clarification. So we actually are to a large extent what we outlined in the middle of year is, that we’re aspiring for much more. But we outlined on relatively flat patient demand in the United States, that is actually what we witnessed in Q3. We definitely saw continued solid growth in a number of the launch countries in Europe, U.K., Spain, Italy they’ve had very, very good performance. But I’d characterize that that is a launch countries, I think we still absolutely aspire towards much better performance in the United States, there continues to be a lot of big homework in. But until we see that result turnaround we won’t really incorporated in our near-term financial outlook. The action plans, that we have under it is absolutely a priority number one, number in terms of our commercial efforts the action plans we have underway include DTC activity they include enhanced patient support around tolerability, and working that. We’re focused hard on in our own patient services when working with SBP’s of getting patients on therapy, that what we call cycle time. And we’re certainly very focused on increasing sales for details across the world, but certainly in the United States. So we aspire towards, but we haven’t yet actually seen it as George, had noted in his remarks as well.
Paul Clancy: Yes, thanks, Geoff. This is Paul, I’ll take a crack at that – at that question. We essentially started in the first week and some of you may have seen the TV campaign, I think, the current thinking now is, we’ll look hard at measuring this thing along the way. But I think the current thinking now is well into 2016. And our planning that we’re doing now is to effectively have it ongoing throughout the majority of 2016. I think the overall objective isn’t that similar to the – what we saw early on in the launch is that, TECFIDERA when it came early on the launch, expanded the market, activated new patients, many of them that had gotten injection fatigue on the sidelines. And I think the thinking here is to activate those patients, activating a whole set of patients through patient awareness, which we do have some data that actually suggests that, it’s a relatively low level of patient awareness, sorry, said another way, at least, that there’s a big opportunity in driving patient awareness. And we also have data that suggests that when a patient comes to a doctor, particularly in the United States with a preferred therapy that is often the therapy that the patient goes on. So that’s kind of a bit of a core thesis, and we look forward to kind of moving forward with it.
Paul Clancy: And then, Eric, this is Paul, just to kind of, the other part of your question was commercial preparedness. We would characterize this, as I mentioned that, this would be at risk commercial prelaunch activity, and it’s a specialty market. So I think it’s in a manageable amount of money, but we would likely look towards doing that sometime in 2016.
Paul Clancy: Yes, I mean, hi, Matt, I think, we don’t have too many different comments than we’ve had in the past in terms of the near-term dynamics. We obviously we’ve talked about how United States and Europe dynamics are slightly different. We see a similar dynamics, as we have in the past, and we’ll continue to be very, very thoughtful on what is a critical judgment.
Paul Clancy: Brian, thanks for the question, it’s Paul. Let me try to take both those in the – with respect it’s relatively early I think we could say the same thing on the last call, so it’s 90 days more than, it was relatively early last call. But we’re seeing mostly exactly as you had alluded to the impact of a generic comp on comp. So and we’re certainly keeping a very watchful eye on that. Ocrelizumab economics to us are 13.5% to 24% royalty rate it’s a tiered royalty rate on net effectively net sales was a formula for it. We act interesting, we also, which I don’t think we’ve shared in the past we gave 3% royalty on ex-US sales, as well. So as Al, had alluded too in his prepared remarks, and we’ve got a business interest in this. There could be impact on our existing therapies, but we do see this as very interesting financial interest, and certainly in primary progressive MS where there is a tremendous unmet need. There is a real opportunity as well a financial opportunity for us as well.
Paul Clancy: Yes, it’s a yes it’s a tough question I mean look I think we’re going to try to have our P&L in a way set up, that we can not have internal friction to do the classic tuck-in type deals that’s how we’ve done it over the last couple of years within. At this point for the fourth quarter it’s essentially the Mitsubishi Tanabe expense, that we expect assuming HSR Clarence. We’ll try to allow ourselves that the normal type as we go into 2016. In terms of capital allocation, we certainly don’t want to be opaque, but I think this is in the category of it depends. We definitely aim towards all of our decisions on capital allocations is about driving intrinsic value, shareholder value creation. So when we see great opportunities in terms of doing that for returning capital to shareholders through share repurchases we’ll execute against that, we’ve certainly shown that action over the last 60 days. And as George had mentioned, we feel we have an absolute obligation to build the business in a financial disciplined ways with larger deployments, if we can achieve that.
