Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Jeff. We delivered strong performance in 2019 with growth across all of our core business areas, double-digit earnings growth versus a year ago and strong execution across each pillar of our strategy. For 2020, we aim to continue our momentum by executing well on our strategic priorities across MS, SMA, biosimilars and our pipeline, with a priority on aducanumab. We are actively preparing for the potential launch of aducanumab with an initial focus on the US. This includes implementing a thorough go-to-market model, hiring the sales force, building out our medical teams and preparing for market access. In addition, we are actively engaging with regulators outside of the US, including Europe and Japan. Beyond aducanumab, our pipeline is maturing. We now have six programs in Phase III and 27 clinical programs overall, an increase from 17 just three years ago. We have multiple near-term opportunities for value creation, including in Alzheimer's disease, ALS, stroke, lupus, ophthalmology and biosimilars, as we aim to build a multi-franchise portfolio. Between now and the end of 2021, we expect 11 mid-to-late stage data readouts, including Phase III readouts for tofersen in ALS, BIIB111 in choroideremia and BIIB093 in large hemispheric infarction, and eight Phase II readouts across MS, Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, ophthalmology, schizophrenia, acute neurology and neuropathic pain. As the leader in neuroscience, with asymmetric [ph] core capabilities, we believe that no other company is better positioned to continue to deliver breakthrough therapies for diseases of the nervous system to address a significant and growing unmet medical need. We'll continue to execute on our core strategy to build a multi-franchise portfolio across our core and emerging growth areas. I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bringing innovative therapies to patients over the long term. This demands that we continue to look at capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure, as well as aim for superior returns from the investment we make. I'd like to take a moment to discuss how we brought the purpose as an organization as we aim to pioneer science for the betterment of humanity. This includes doing the right thing for patients, our employees, the environment and the community, all of which we believe contributes to a long-term sustainable shareholder value. I am proud of what Biogen stands for, and I believe this approach positions us well to be a sustainable organization over the long term, as we remain focused on being the leader in neuroscience to address the tremendous societal needs in this space. Finally, I would like to thank our employees around the world, who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients' lives, and all of the physician, caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs. Our past and future achievements could not be realized without their passion and commitment. We will now open the call for questions.
Michel Vounatsos: So, Ronny, concerning the second part of your question, with a superior to take [indiscernible] we have the opportunity with VUMERITY to strengthen the overall fumarate portfolio. But TECFIDERA remains front and center in our promotion. You see the performance. We continue to support. And again, a key metric will be to increase the share of fumarate down the road. We are pleased with the access to date that is superior to what we have seen from competition a few months after launch, and for some competitors, 12 months after launch. So we are pleased with the access. We monitor very closely the Start Forms and the grads [ph]. We are pleased to see so far that there is more Start Forms being issued ex tech than tech. So this is a -- but it's still the beginning. It's a bit too early. We'll come back with more color when we have more data.
Michel Vounatsos: So Michael, if I can get started with the launch readiness, actually, the work started more than two years ago with an understanding of the patient journey from origination to diagnosis, the referral dynamics that change from market to market, and even within the US, which is different, understand the different types of markets within the US, it's -- the different segments. We have finalized the go-to-market for the US. This has been approved, and this is funded in our budget, as discussed. And hiring has started, first with the medical affairs, obviously. Engagement with scientific leaders also at the community level is important. And also the biomanufacturing needs to be stepped up and be ready for eventually a large demand with the functional support, okay, to support the increased engagement and team. In terms of price, it's still early, even if we are making progress. We engage with stakeholders, because as you can imagine, there is almost no drug cost today. So we engage with patient association, pharmacoeconomics, through leaders and all the customers, mostly in the US and beyond the US. Beyond the price, it's all about the access condition and the affordability. We know that the more we wait, the more transition -- that people will transition to full-blown assistance and loss of dependence, which costs so much to the society. So basically, we start engaging, and hopefully, we'll have all the incentives in that field in order to further invest in R&D. This is our belief. So good progress, step by step, but we engage broadly and we ask for advice and we listen.
Michel Vounatsos: So thanks for the good question. And we see business development M&A opportunities as being independent from what happens next week or what happened six months ago, in March. We continue to remain -- we are very engaged on BD opportunities, and the team continue to look at the opportunities to create value for the shareholders, and this will be independent from any event.
Michel Vounatsos: So thank you all for being on the call. We turned the page of a very strong 2019, and now, the team at Biogen is ready for a very material 2020 and, obviously, with a priority for a potential aducanumab. Thank you for your attention.
Jeffrey Capello: So thanks for the questions, Geoff. So with regard to risdiplam, we are assuming that that product does launch. And so we're anticipating, as everyone else is, to kind of see the data and kind of what it means. We'd just remind people that we have 10,000 people on therapy today doing very, very well with a very low discontinuation rate. So we'll see kind of what happens on the data and how that product is received. But certainly, there's a lot of growth opportunity for us ahead. With regard to aducanumab, we're not going to give specific perspective on numbers in terms of the launch, but I would just point you back to looking at the SG&A guidance, which is up quite a bit from a percentage perspective, and you get a sense of the amount we're spending year-over-year relative to that that we spent last year. And that is I think the prudent thing to do, given the significant opportunity ahead of us, which we're quite excited about.
Jeffrey Capello: Yeah, so it's Jeff. So there is a -- expect a decision, from the IPR perspective, no later than the end of the first week of February. So that will be the first of the three decisions. Depending on how that goes -- if it goes in our favor, that's great. If it doesn't, we plan to appeal, and the appeal process typically takes 12 to 18 months. Two other cases, West Virginia and Delaware, are expected to read out some point mid-year, plus or minus a month or two. Depending on how those go those go -- if those go our way, that's great. If not, we plan to appeal those, and the appeal period, again, tends to take 12 to 18 months. So we obviously await kind of the results of that. We do believe we have valid patents. Nonetheless, these outcomes are difficult to predict. There's a number of considerations need to be weighed. There's obviously multiple decisions that we just talked about. There's the appeal periods and then there's handicapping whether or not people -- if we're unsuccessful, we'll launch at risk. So it's difficult to predict in the short term. So we'll keep people apprised of kind of the developments as we move our way through the year.
Jeffrey Capello: So Cory, it's Jeff. Thanks for the question. So we're in a good position from that perspective. We have no net debt as of the end of the year. In 2019, we generated $7 billion of cash flow and we expect that we'll have a strong cash flow year again in 2020. So we've got the financial flexibility to do both, and we have been doing both. Over the last three years, we've done 15 M&A BD type transactions, spending $3.5 billion. And in the last year alone, we bought back 24 million shares for almost $6 billion. So our interest is strong in terms of building the pipeline. We've taken the pipeline from 17 clinical assets to 27, significant increase. And then, of those 27, there's 11 that have important readouts in the next two years, five of which could have a meaningful impact on the Company. So we feel good about that. We'd like to continue to add to those assets and build the pipeline. But at the same point, we have $6.3 billion of authorized share repurchase capability as well. So we'll continue to make good decisions that are in the best interest long term of the shareholders and we'll have the capacity to do both.
Jeffrey Capello: Yeah, and just as a reminder, we ended the year with no net debt. And in 2019, we generated $7 billion in operating cash flow. So we've got the capacity to do both.
Jeffrey Capello: Yeah. So thanks for the question. So it's obviously something we've been looking at for a while. And I'll say -- I don't want to get into too much specifics with regard to that at this point in time, but we're comfortable that given the nature of the substance that we'll produce, it will be a fair margin and that it will do well economically.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Hi, Terence, this is Al. It's basically a matter of putting together documentation, the electronic Common Technical Document. It's an electronic document with hyperlinks, etc. It's a matter of assembling all that and submitting that to the FDA. And in terms of the engagement, we've been engaged with them since last -- the first Type C meeting last June, and it's been very constructive. I've never -- this is a unique situation to me. It's pretty unusual, I think, across the industry. But I'll say that it's been -- there has been a high level of constructive engagement ever since last June. And with respect to the other regions, we have started our engagement with them, but it's still early days. But we do anticipate that we will be filing at some point in those other regions as well at some point.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Hi Ronny, it's Al. The main reason for the redosing study were humanitarian reasons. We had all these patients who had volunteered to be in our clinical studies. They helped us develop aducanumab. We felt we owed something to them. Many of them had expressed a desire to the investigators that they wanted the drug. So that's the primary reason. As I said in my notes that -- in my script that it's a single-arm study. Basically, every patient gets titrated up to 10 milligrams per kilogram aducanumab, and all patients who were in prior studies, including placebo patients, are eligible. In a single-arm study, the main thing you can really look at is safety and tolerability. And we had always envisioned doing a long-term extension study. In fact, we had one in place to evaluate long-term safety and tolerability. And so that's the primary endpoint of the study. In addition, of course, we'll answer -- we'll take a look at efficacy as best you can in a single-arm study because we would be interested in continued -- if there's durable effect, obviously, we'll be looking at amyloid and other biomarkers, and we'll also see whether or not a treatment gap had any effect on these kinds of markers.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: So Umer, this is Al Sandrock. We haven't disclosed the results of any other kinds of analyses, including pooling or subsets. So we're not going to do that this morning. But I would say that I would not assume that -- I mean, when you look back in the history of approved drugs, I wouldn't say it's always the case that pooling is done. I think that there is -- there are exceptions to that. And so I would not assume that here, and let's see. Your question -- the other question was how many post-hoc analyses? We did say it was post-hoc, but I don't remember how many there were.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yeah. So we -- your first question was about SMA and ZOLGENSMA. I don't really consider that as switch-back, if you will, because if they've had ZOLGENSMA, arguably that -- they're still on it, if you will. They're getting the effect of the gene therapy. So in some ways, it's like a combination of adding SPINRAZA. We have heard about that. It does happen in the real world. And you might want to -- you might wonder why people are doing that. I think it's because parents and the physicians feel like there might be more room to improve, and so that's what I hear from -- in the real world. And in terms of data from that, we are starting to collect that data. But we have -- we don't have any conclusions at this point. But we are -- because it's happening in the real world. And since we're very interested in real world evidence, we are starting to collect that data. In terms of Alzheimer's and combination, one of the reasons why we built the pipeline the way we did was that we had always envisioned combination therapy. And the first obvious thing to combine aducanumab or BAN2401 with would be an anti-tau or a tau ASO, something that affects tau. We were actually pleasantly surprised that aducanumab already affects tau, though. So we'll have to keep that in mind. But nevertheless, I think the most obvious thing to do would be to combine with tau as the next step, and then maybe that there are certain stages of the disease that need the combination more than other stages. And in terms of a fast track, yeah, we will employ biomarkers, not only of the toxic proteins that we're trying to reduce, A-beta and tau, but also potentially other kinds of biomarkers that look at additive effects in a more expedient way. But ultimately, I anticipate we will need to show some effect of the combination on reducing clinical decline further. I think that will still be important. Unless you can do it, in other words, if you're in an early stage of Alzheimer's where there is no cognitive impairment, you may not be able to do it where biomarkers alone may be the only approach.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Hi Michael, it's Al. DIAN-TU -- so DIAN is the Dominantly Inherited Alzheimer Network. So obviously, in these patients, amyloid is likely to be causal because most of the dominantly inherited mutations that lead to ultimately [ph] Alzheimer's disease are patients either in APP, the amyloid precursor protein, or enzymes that process it. And so I think that these are very interesting studies. My understanding is that solanizumab and gantenerumab are being tested. If the results are positive, I think that that would lend further support to the amyloid hypothesis. If the results are negative, I'd want to see that there is evidence of target engagement and biological changes in the brain before I make any conclusions.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: So LRRK2 is a wonderful target, we believe, for Parkinson's disease, not only for the patients with familial PD due to LRRK2 mutations, but also potentially even for sporadic Parkinson's disease. And the ASO, it's another approach to -- instead of inhibiting the enzyme with a small molecule, you reduce the levels of LRRK2, and it remains to be seen. One thing I'll say about the ASO is that it's CNS. Because we give it intrathecally, it's only going to affect LRRK2 in the central nervous system, whereas a small molecule may have affects on the enzyme in other places. But I would say other than that, it's kind of early days for whether or not these drugs will be effective. And in terms of anti-LINGO, the Phase II study that we're doing now is different from the first Phase II study in the sense that we selected patients based on advanced imaging to be sure that they actually had demyelination based on MTR and actually had intact exons based on DTI. We also chose the dose that looked the most promising, based on the first Phase II study. And we're combining it with multiple different kinds of immunomodulators. In the first trial, we only combined it with interferon, but now we're combining it with TECFIDERA, TYSABRI as well as interferon to see whether or not the level of inflammatory disease in the brain affects remyelination. And perhaps when you have less inflammation, the oligodendrocyte precursor cells may be able to remyelinate better. So that's the difference. And we'll find out soon whether or not the second trial is positive.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Well, we do view this -- we do view the two drugs as part of a multi-drug franchise, and we will use the drugs where they naturally fit the best, and we'll need data for that. Just because they're not positive based on a visual read, that doesn't mean there's no amyloid accumulation. So I think that's the distinction. And in some ways, A345 study looks at -- between the two studies, looks at both Stage 1 and Stage 2, both of the -- both stages as defined by the FDA guidance document that came out last year on the various stages of Alzheimer's disease. So I would say that those two studies evaluate both Stage 1 and Stage 2, and both are important to study, I believe.
