Chris Viehbacher: Thanks, Mike. So we have a number of milestones this year that we'll all be watching carefully. You've seen we have a scientific advisory group for LEQEMBI in the first quarter, and assuming a positive result for the CHMP, that should hopefully lead to an approval in -- by the European Commission in the first-half -- later in the first-half of this year. SKYCLARYS in the European Union, of course, we've just achieved, as we announced last night, and the European approval for QALSODY, there is an expected decision by the CHMP and the European Commission in the first half. We have regulatory submissions coming up, as you know, with the subcutaneous formulation for LEQEMBI and IV maintenance dosing also for LEQEMBI. And then, as Priya has noted, we have four data readouts expected sometime mid-year for four programs. As I said earlier, I think we are going to be spending an increasing amount of time focusing on our pipeline and building out that pipeline. So Chuck, I turn that back [Technical Difficulty] and see if there’s any questions.
Chris Viehbacher: Yes. Thanks, Marc. Priya, you want to just start with kind of the timelines? And I can hit the commercial.
Chris Viehbacher: Yes, so Marc, I mean, the main benefit of subcutaneous is going to be convenience for patients. And as we talked about earlier, over time, we're looking at the AHEAD study where we could potentially one day get an indication for much earlier-stage patients. We're looking at maintenance where patients should continue on, if we get approved, to prevent the recurrence of plaque. So the time on drug is expected to expand as we do these studies, and having a subcutaneous formulation at any stage of this disease could be quite beneficial. In terms of the actual competitiveness with donanemab, I think there's going to be a number of points. We do know that physicians are highly sensitive to ARIA and safety, and we have a significantly better safety profile with LEQEMBI than donanemab. There's an interesting thing with donanemab study, which -- their study actually followed patients until there was a decrease in plaques. So where Clarity looked at an endpoint for everybody at the same time point after 18 months, there was a variable endpoint in terms of time on donanemab. And so the stopping criteria are not quite clear. And I think we need to see what those are if you need a PET scan, for instance, that could be quite onerous. Now we don't know whether that's going to be the case or not. But I think we're going to have a number of variables with which we can compete with donanemab. And subcutaneous at some point will be helpful. Obviously, if think it these guidance, looks like donanemab is an indicated is going to be on the market before the subcutaneous formulation is. So we're going to be focused on some of those non-subcutaneous factors and competition. And then once we see the label for Lily, once we see the label for the subcu then we'll develop our commercial strategy accordingly.
Chris Viehbacher: Oh, Japan. Yes, I think we certainly have a -- Eisai is basically putting all of its field force, not just the ones for LEQEMBI behind this. And you've got a government managed healthcare system. So I think some of the complexity that we have in the United States with reimbursement and different actors could be simpler. We do expect that there will be some of the same constraints in terms of access to neurologists, the PET scans. They'll probably use a lot more of the CSF markers and PET scans in Japan, but I think we could potentially see a faster uptake in Japan than we saw even in the United States, just because of the current system. So we're just out there since January and we'll give an update, obviously, again at first quarter, but certainly from what we're hearing from our own people from the field, that there's been a very positive reception by physicians in Japan.
Chris Viehbacher: Yes, so I'll have to get back here on the -- I haven't heard anything that Medicare Advantage is any different than Medicare. So I haven't ever asked that question before, but I'll go check. But as far as I know, it's the same. The bottlenecks, I still -- if you think about it, if the data from the patient registries are accurate, and again, we don't have direct access to that, but it suggests that we've got almost twice as many people on the registry as we do on treatment. And so that says that in addition to the bottleneck of getting into the neurologist, that there's -- when you get to the registry, you've got a clear intent to prescribe, because on the registry, at least for CMS, you have to describe how you actually validated the diagnosis. So by then, you've triaged the patient, you've done either the PET scan or the CSF markers, and you're looking for reimbursement. And what we're hearing a little bit is, is that there is some challenge in just scheduling the first MRI, because when we initiate the infusion, you have to have the first MRI within the first two weeks. So people don't want to initiate the infusion until they've got that MRI scheduled. And the MRI -- there isn't an MRI capacity constraint per se, but you are looking for a specific date, and then you have to back up the infusion. So there's just, I think, until people get the hang of this, getting all that coordination, I think that seems to be where the -- where one of the bottlenecks is.
Chris Viehbacher: Yes. Thanks, Evan. I mean, to be clear, we're adding both more Biogen as well as more Eisai. A year ago, the CEO of Eisai and I talked about the launch of LEQEMBI, and for the U.S., just discussed the complexity of the launch, and we've been through all that, and I won't necessarily bore everybody again with that complexity, but we just felt that we wanted to really make sure we understood the go-to-market model. In addition to these neurology account specialists, you've got MSLs, you've got some patient care navigators, you've got some people looking after KMEs in the region, and there's probably -- for every NAS, there's another two or three people who are actually out there in the field. And there's an awful lot of coordination that is needed. And even the role of the NAS is quite complex because you've got to go in there, you've got to work with the office around helping them to understand the safety. You have to help them understand what the care pathway is. You have to help them to understand the reimbursement, not just for LEQEMBI, but there is the reimbursement for the PET scans, the MRIs, and for the care. And then finally, there's what people in the field are -- have as a principal objective, why LEQEMBI? So we wanted to make sure we understood all of that. And to be honest, whenever you do these copromotions, they require an awful lot of coordination between the companies. And we just felt that it would be simpler if one company went out at the start. We were sure that we knew exactly how the role of the NAS was going to work in relation to the other accompanying roles that are out there in the field. And we also needed to get a certain number of core IDNs ready and signed up because there's not a lot of point in increasing the number of people out in the field unless you've got enough sites that are activated and ready. So now we're more than six months into the launch. I think we feel very comfortable about how the role of the NAS works. We understand how long it takes between going to visit a neurologist or an IDN and how long it's going to take for them to be activated, because, as I say, there's -- you can put an awful lot of resource out there, but if you're not able to pull the drug through, it's not a very efficient process. So that's just where we are. We're confident in that model. Obviously, it is -- we need to now reach out to more sites. So we're looking at this from both a geographic expansion, but also, I think, even within certain geographies, perhaps reducing the territory side, because when these NASs go in, they spend quite a long time with the specialists. So it was always the agreement between the two CEOs that when we scale up that Biogen would come in, but we both -- our objective is to make the joint venture as efficient as possible. And so we just felt that the efficiency at the start would be maximized if we just had one company on the field. Now, we've obviously learned from that, and that's what also gives us the confidence to put two companies out into the field immediately in Japan, for example, because while there are differences in the market, a number of the dynamics would be the same pretty much in those markets. So it is an increase. Eisai is increasing their resource and so -- and Biogen will be out there as well. And that could still evolve over time. We're going to be in this business together for many years to come.
Chris Viehbacher: So there's two aspects, I guess, to the launch. One is the early access programs and the other is the former launch. So for example, we'll be able to launch now in Germany with this approval. So we will -- this will be a formal launch. We still have an early access program and any patients on that will now convert to commercial patients. remembering that actually, the patients in early access programs in Europe are expected to be revenue generating for the most part. We have another program that's up and running in France. And we are negotiating the establishment of early access programs in two other European countries, and there are some early access programs under discussion in countries outside of the EU. And the early access program is important because as we all know, in Europe, getting pricing and reimbursement can take some time. So it’s a little hard to predict just because we have to understand the cadence of these early access programs. So I would expect that it's not going to be quite as fast as it was in the U.S. That said, there is some suggestion that there are some patients, the warehousing effect could well be in Europe, but as I said and as a general matter, just because of the time to get reimbursement all increase in the fact that we are not going to be able to have early access programs in all countries that, that will be a slower uptake than in the U.S. That said, there's also probably more patients actually per capita. Remember, this is a disease that is related to European descent. And so the incidence of Friedreich’'s ataxia is slightly higher in Europe than it's in U.S. The next big market opportunity to be Latin America, and we are submitting in Brazil and perhaps, Priya, you can give us an update on the regulatory time lines there.
Chris Viehbacher: We estimate, it's hard to get the numbers precisely, but we do estimate there's around 2,000 to 4,000 patients in Latin America. So -- and when we look at the experience of SPINRAZA, we are expecting particularly Latin America to contribute substantially to our revenue outlook as well. As you know, there are very few patients in Asia just because of the genetics. So we don't intend to be filing or launching in Asia.
Chris Viehbacher: Yes. Thanks, Michael. Certainly, the growth is going to moderate. Remember, this was -- when this product was in hands of Reata, they had approval. I think it was back in the first quarter. I think it was February, if I remember accurately. And -- but they were not able to commercially launch because of a manufacturing specification issue. So -- and that did not get cleared until July. So in other words, the market and physicians knew the product would be coming to the market that it was approved, and they were just waiting for product availability. So I think the warehousing effect was even greater than what you would normally see for any rare disease drug. Now we're back into the process of finding the patients. I have to say the Friedreich’'s Ataxia Research Alliance, otherwise known as FARA, is an extraordinarily effective patient association and we're working with them to help identify patients. There is a requirement really to diagnose a patient accurately a genetic test. But this genetic test is not sold readily available. And so we're having to look and make sure that the supplier of that test can make the tests readily available. And then we're also doing the contracting really to make sure that as patients have start forms that they can quickly get on drug. So we'll be back to, I think, a regular growth cadence on SKYCLARYS in the U.S. I don't think we're necessarily going to get another 20% this year. but we're growing every month. And certainly, SKYCLARYS is contributing significantly to our return to growth in 2024.
Chris Viehbacher: Sure. So as you know, we have an oral therapy out there. We have a gene therapy, and we have SPINRAZA with the intrathecal. So short term, I think one of the data points that was very important was demonstrating the efficacy of SPINRAZA following Zolgensma because there has been some feeling that Zolgensma wanes over time. So we're getting what we call switch packs, and the other on the oral therapy is that there has sometimes appear to be that the efficacy is limited to certain body weights. So we can actually go after more adult populations. We believe that only about 30% of patients with SMA are actually treated. Clearly, the pediatric patients are screened for and readily identified. But there are a number of adult patients where the disease is manifest, but it is sometimes difficult to diagnose. And so we're back to the rare disease job of hunting for patients. But we think, actually, we will be the most app most appropriate treatment for that patient population. So that's one source of growth. And then longer term, as you know, we have a high-dose SPINRAZA program in development which could, if it's successful, lead to just on intrathecal injection procured. And that would make an enormous difference to patients in terms of patient convenience and make SPINRAZA even more competitive compared to the others. Now that's still going to take a number of years, but we do expect that still to come to market before the patent on SPINRAZA occurs.
Chris Viehbacher: Yes, there's a dynamic as sort of the oral comes into a market at one point or the gene therapy comes into a market. If you have 100% market share and the competitor comes in mathematically, you're going to lose market share. But what we see is that there is some churn for a year or two. And then the markets settle out, and that's when people start focusing on efficacy and patient populations. And as I say, so far, we have been able to maintain leadership in SMA despite the competition. And I think that's where they'll be. There'll be different products for different patients, but there's still enough of a patient population and even with the switchbacks that we can find reservoirs of growth.
Chris Viehbacher: Sure. Thanks, stunt double. We -- so there are a number of things that I think are quite encouraging. One is our initial target has been high-prescribing psychiatrists in this space as well as OB-GYNs. And one of the things that we were wondering about is, are the OB-GYNs really going to be willing to prescribe? And so one of the encouraging signs is that they in fact are doing so. So we're seeing quite a high percentage of the prescriptions coming from them. Another has been, I think, as I mentioned earlier, that payers have really wanted to ensure access to patients, and I'm quite thankful to them. I think Medicaid, for example, where 40% of births occur, have moved very quickly on that in a number of states. And some of the large -- at least one of the large commercial insurers is moving much quicker than we expected as well. So I think the reimbursement is a key statistic. Now, personally, I'm interested in knowing how many patients are treatment-naive versus people who have been on treatment. What is interesting is, is there a warehousing effect here as well? There's been an awful lot of media coverage. The product was approved in July. We were not able to launch because of the DEA inspection until the very end of 2023. So what we don't know is, are we seeing a bolus of patients come in because these are patients physicians have been following for some time who've been identified as being particularly important to have ZURZUVAE. So I think we'll need to see a little bit more data about who are the patients and where are they coming from, but as I say, so far, we're running for the first month. I mean, we're certainly doing much better than what we had anticipated. And we'll give you another update at Q1. We'll sit with Sage sometime in March to look at the data and say, what do we see as some of the trends. But so far so good.
Priya Singhal: Sure. Thanks, Marc, for that question. So overall, we shared our six month data for the subcutaneous formulation at CTAD last year. We believe we've achieved the bioequivalence with the IV formulation. Eisai has communicated very recently about the FDA meeting that is on the book to finalize strategy for submission. And currently, the aim is still to file by end of March 2024 for the subcutaneous formulation. In addition, there is data on the potential and need for IV maintenance, and that is also being aimed to file by Q1 2024. So that's the plan currently. I'm going to turn it over to Chris for the dynamics and the commercial implications.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Umer. I'll take that. So just starting off, I think we expect our results from the first Phase 3 mid-2024. We expect that we'll need a second Phase 3, if this is positive, to generate the safety and efficacy to support a Reg filing. We did make a protocol amendment, and this was really working very closely with Biogen and UCB, looking at the study design, balancing our commitment to execute a well-designed, informative study with a desire to potentially expedite the delivery of dapi, if positive, to patients in need. So we do think it's appropriately powered, and we continue with regulatory engagements and facilitate a discussion on the next step. So we think, yes, we -- it is positioned to give us a clear readout on the therapeutic potential as of now. Yes.
Priya Singhal: So yes, overall, this has been a topic that we've discussed Eisai and Biogen have discussed with the FDA. And just to step back, the design was to add a sub-study, a subcutaneous sub-study in the Phase III CLARITY study open-label extension, and the cohort that was treatment naive from lecanemab was about 72 patients. And then there was a whole cohort of 322 additional patients that provided safety and tolerability. So this was -- the 72 patients is the premise for the PK/PD and bioequivalents. But there's a larger subset of data that speaks to the safety data. So yes, discussions are ongoing, but overall, these have been discussed with regulators prior to starting them. Thank you.
Priya Singhal: Yes. I can comment on the fact that really, we are trying to expedite our regulatory filings in Latin America, Brazil, Argentina. We haven't yet communicated the time lines, but our teams are working very expeditiously, meeting with regulators to really define the pathways that could provide earliest access to patients.
Priya Singhal: I think there was the latter part of the question. I'll just wrap it up that with regards to FDA, I think I mentioned previously, there have been a lot of discussions. Eisai has recently mentioned the scheduling of more meeting another meeting. And so that strategy will be finalized. Looking at the 6-month data, we are very encouraged with what we saw. We believe that the highest threshold, really, the biggest hurdle was to meet bioequivalence, which we believe we've met. So we'll continue to wait for more data. But we are very encouraged with what we've seen so far.
Priya Singhal: Sure, sure. So overall, just to step back, this is a program that Ionis, our partner, is operationalizing and the way the contractual agreements are written, we have the option of opting in to take the data that we see midyear and decide whether we would like to do a pivotal program -- a pivotal study. So that's how it's set up. And then to step back, I described it briefly in my opening remarks that this is a Phase Ib trial. So this is a Phase I trial that's being conducted in patients. It has a multiple ascending dose component for three months, followed by a long-term extension. So we will get data. This is across different age groups and different doses. So we'll get a composite of data. And importantly, we'll be looking or trends on EEG, which we know these patients suffer from the delta waves as I spoke to, the slowing. So we'll be looking at that. as well as clinical endpoints. And very specifically, there are quite a few clinical endpoints. There's the Bayley score, there's the CGI and there's a Vineland. We'll be looking at all of them. Stepping out into what do we feel about the competitive landscape? We feel that this as designed the program is well positioned. Just from an ASO perspective, the backbone of the BIIB121 ASO, we believe, is different. That's 1 from the Ultragenyx ASO. Second, we believe that the dosing may be needed at a quarterly level to really see the PK/PD impact that we need to have -- make an impact in this disease. And we do have a 3 monthly dosing in the LTE. So the MAD is 2 doses being given 1 month apart. And then the third dose, 2 months later, and then patients go into a 3-month dosing. So we are -- we feel that we will have a data set that we can look at and really assess whether we see an adequate signal to really take it into a Phase 3. And with regards to Roche discontinuing their program, we believe, again, that this is a different product, and we believe we may have a competitive advantage. Ultimately, of course, we need to see the data.
