Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Jeff. I am incredibly proud of how the Biogen team has responded to the current situation. Our employees all around the world have demonstrated their resilience and dedication to advancing our mission, as well as their compassion and empathy in wanting to be part of the solution to this terrible disease. Our business has remained strong. We delivered solid financial results in the first quarter and we have demonstrated a GDP in adapting many aspects of our operations, including the conduct of most of our clinical trials. While do we do anticipate some risks to our business as a result of the pandemic, we believe our opportunities for value creation remains compelling, given the significant unmet medical need in the diseases we are pursuing. With a strong core business in MS, SMA and biosimilars, we believe we have the foundation to continue building a multi-franchise portfolio. We believe the vast majority of our 10 data readouts remains on track to complete before the end of 2021. Importantly, we have made good progress on the aducanumab filing and we are actively preparing for potential commercial launch, as we are getting ready to lead the fight in Alzheimer's disease. Finally, I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bringing innovative therapies to patients over the long term. These demands that we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately, as we have demonstrated in the past we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure, as well as aim for superior returns from the investments we make. Our response to this current situation exemplifies our broader purpose as an organization as we aim to pioneer science for the betterment of humanity. This includes doing the right thing for patients, employees, the environment and the community, all of which we believe contribute to long-term sustainable shareholder value. I am proud of what Biogen stands for and I believe this approach positions us well to be a sustainable organization over the long run, as we remain focused on being the leader in neuroscience to address the tremendous societal needs in this space. Now more than ever, I would like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making the positive impact on patients' life and all of the health care workers who are on the frontlines battling COVID-19. I have been truly impressed how the entire health care community has stood up in the space of this quarantine [ph] times. With that, we will open the call for questions.
Michel Vounatsos: Having said that, I think that launching a product in the post-COVID environment would be very interesting to assess, beyond I would say the normality of what we are preparing on many aspects, the ability to meet beyond digital channels face to face, how to engage, but also infusion and much more. And this we are getting ready. There are two dynamic going on, one is managing the lifecycle of well-established product. This is what we are doing, we are doing very well and launching a new product in a COVID environment is a challenge, in a post-COVID its still yet to be assessed.
Michel Vounatsos: So thank you all for attending the call. I would like to say that even if personally affected by this terrible pandemic, Biogen is demonstrating superb resilience. Biogen is even stronger today and we are well-positioned for the future starting with aducanumab, but also looking forward to all the important readouts in the coming period.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yeah. So can you hear me? So I just want to – I have to say that it's – look, timing is not easy to predict. We were trying to do that since the initial announcement in October and this is an unusual process. But I want to emphasize that we now have an open BLA. We've started to submit modules. We have continued constructive engagement with FDA and we believe we're on track in terms of the potential for approval. There's - I wouldn't read too much else into this. And in terms of your second part of your question, which I believe was Japan and Europe, we have started engagement. It's still kind of early relative to the process with FDA, but we have started.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yeah. I would say that we are constantly doing analysis, but nothing really has changed in terms of - nothing has come up in the data that changes our interpretation of the data. Our view of the fundamentals hasn't changed. And I emphasize that we remain constructively engaged. These additional type C meetings are really to further engage with FDA. As we have been since the very beginning actually, starting last June when we had our first type C meeting.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Umer, I would just say that we had always planned to have a pre-BLA meeting with FDA. That hasn't changed. That was always in the planning. And look, some members of the team did get COVID and I can tell you it's hard to work when you have COVID. The fatigue, mental or physical fatigue was such that there were some people who were affected by the disease. So I think that - that's part of it, but I would say that most of it is that - I would say the main point is that nothing has come up with the data that has changed our interpretation. We believe EMERGE is a positive study. It was positive on the pre-specified primary and all three secondary endpoints. You know, I mean, we have done an analysis on ENGAGE to try to figure out why that result was different. But we believe that the fundamentals are the same and that the potential for approval remains the same as Michel said from the very beginning.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Ronny, this is Al. There really are no new questions today. You know, as I said earlier that the data you know, we haven't –come up with nothing that really changes our interpretation of the data. And so I would say that fundamentally there are no big changes and no new questions. And I would also say that we're not planning on presenting anything more publicly at this time, until - hopefully until approval. But that's our plan.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Phil, this is Al, I just want to say that this is an unusual process. You know, this is unlike anything I've ever been involved with before my 22 years at Biogen. So - and the nature of this process has been collaboration from the very beginning from the type first type C meeting. So it's been a highly collaborative process, I would say and then you know yes, submission of documents is easier to say. But the BLA is pretty complex. There are multiple sections, multiple modules and so I know it sounds easy to pull together submission. But let me tell you it's not. And I think that - and it's been difficult to predict the timing partly because it's been an unusual process right from the beginning and we've always, you know, quite frankly we've been having type C meetings since last June and that hasn't changed actually that the fact that we're doing type C meetings has been the same since the very beginning. So those are the main points.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Well, I would say that geographic issues, subgroup analyses, that’s standard practice for every single BLA I've ever been involved in. In fact, there are sections of the model [ph] that call for looking at data from the various geographies. So that's not - that's not different from any other BLA I've ever been involved in. At a typical pre-BLA meeting you go through - it's more like an operational meeting, you have various sections of the FDA that – they’re going to be involved in the review of the BLA. You sit down and you talk about how it's going to be submitted. What's going to be submitted exactly, and there's some agreement on the operational aspects of the actual submission. That's the typical pre-BLA meeting.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Well, home infusion - the home infusion of intravenous drugs has been in place for decades. I used to prescribe some drugs by home infusion myself back when I practiced and so it's not uncommon, whether or not it will be done with aducanumab, we haven't disclosed yet, but it would not be something that would be difficult to imagine. It's a - it's a very well the infusions themselves are very well tolerated. So it would not be difficult to imagine that after approval.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yeah. So Corey, this is Al. I - the common technical document is composed of various modules and there for example quality modules related to manufacturing process. There are non-clinical sections and then there's the clinical sections which culminates in a clinical overview which is - so there are summary documents of the actual study reports of individual clinical studies. And so those are the three main sections. And as you can imagine the non-clinical was you know, it was already kind of ready because not much has been done since - non-clinically since the early days. It still had to put together the actual documentation and so forth. So those are the - those are the sections of the common technical document. They're all submitted electronically and so - and look we had starting in around October or so we did start to contemplate submitting modules as they became available. That was our plan. But at pre-BLA meeting is still pretty common practice, as I said to get both sides Biogen and FDA to be agreed to have agreement on the operational aspects of the of the CPD. So I would not read very much into that as I said, we had planned to have that meeting from the very beginning.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: So our goal right from the very beginning was to try to provide estimates of timing of this filing since actually the announcement in October. But the timing is always not easy to predict. And in fact, as I said before this is an unusual process, so it's even harder to predict timing when you have a process that actually is pretty unusual and in my experience unique. I would just say that the constructive engagement though has been there since the very beginning that continues. These type C meetings are formal ways to have engagement with FDA, pre-BLA meeting is another formal meeting with FDA to continue on the path to approval. We have an open BLA and yes there's is a - we said early 2020, so now it's Q3, we did have some impact from COVID, but I would say that overall what we're saying is that the potential for approval we're still on track with that.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Thanks, Carter. First of all, I want to congratulate Randy Bateman and all the investigators in DIAN-TU. I think it's a beautiful study. It's very hard to do because although they are - it's a homogeneous population in terms of they all have autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease from the genetic and biological point of view, it's pretty heterogeneous in terms of clinical, they could be two decades, one decade, a few years prior to becoming symptomatic. So how do you pull data from that heterogeneous clinical collection? Also it's a relatively small study, 50 patients per arm I believe roughly. So the DIAN-TUlooked at both Solanezumab and Gantenerumab. Solanezumab had no change in amyloid PET based on imaging. And there was no effect. So that's not too surprising. Gantenerumab did have an effect on amyloid PET. However, I want to compare the magnitude of the effect between Gantenerumab and aducanumab. And the only way to do that really is to use the centiloid scale. The whole point of the centiloid was developed so that you can compare cross studies because people use PET ligands, people have different reference regions that they use to obtain the SUVR score. In the PRIME study, 10 milligrams per kilogram of aducanumab was associated with a change in the centiloid scale of about 57 in one year, in the DIAN-TU study, Gantenerumab was associated with a change from baseline of about 14 centiloid units over four years. So I think that's pretty different. And we were trying to make at the CTAD meeting is that dose matters and that the robustness of amyloid removal matters and we saw that in the data and I think we presented that. So in some ways I looked down at the DIAN-TU data and I think it kind of confirms what we have been saying that you have to have high doses and robust removal of amyloid in order to see a clinical benefit.
