Michel Vounatsos: Thanks Jeff. We are excited to have you on the team and I am glad to see that you are quickly coming up to speed on the business. I would like to conclude with these thoughts. When I spoke from the SIT a year ago, I told you we are refocusing the organization, building our new management team and developing a strategy and priorities for both short-term and long-term shareholder value creation. I stated that our actions would speak for themselves. 2017 was a very strong and successful year for Biogen and we delivered on the commitments we have made. For 2018 our goal is to continue this momentum and achieve our guidance. We have a well defined strategy to deliver near-term results and to maximize long-term value. We have an energized world-class executive team and key opportunities in front of us based on the significant unmet medical needs and breakthroughs we are seeing in neuroscience. We believe the risk level neuroscience is fundamentally challenging at this time and we believe Biogen is uniquely positioned to leading the space based on our core capabilities and intense focus. Looking forward to leading the next 12 months to 18 months where we have several meaningful readouts across our neuroscience pipeline including natalizumab stroke BIIB098 in MS, BIIB054 in Parkinson’s disease, BIIB074 for painful lumbosacral radiculopath, BAN2401 in Alzheimer's disease, BIIB067 for ALS and our gene therapy program for XLRS. Before we go into Q&A, I would like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making the positive impacts on patients’ lives and all of the physicians can give us and participants in our clinical development programs. In 2018, Biogen celebrates its 40th anniversary. Our past and future achievements could not be realized without the passion and commitment. With that, we will open the call for questions.
Michel Vounatsos: And concerning your second part of the question we are not on the burning platform, we are doing reasonably well in terms of top line momentum as you can see. Obviously, there is a binary event that we all know and should we find a late stage that is aligned and meets the criteria that were alluded by the team here will be very interested. So, science will be the key driver, the ability to create value that nobody else will be able and alignment to the strategies that we brought in.
Michel Vounatsos: So, I will get started Eric, and then Jeff would come. So we are very pleased with the momentum that we see here, ex-U.S. also in the U.S. where we foresee continuous growth. But you know the most urgent to treat patients, the 70% achievements from the age 0 to 2, somehow is done and now we move into the year the biggest strata. Ex-U.S. a significant opportunity and as Jeff said 70% approximately of the results to-date are generated by three markets. So, we still have a long way to go in terms of reimbursement that we are currently negotiating and also NPP that emerges from geographies that were non-anticipated, so still a long way to go ex-U.S.
Michel Vounatsos: So just to add to that, we are proved in 34 markets, reimbursed in 14 and we still have to 280 patients on early access program.
Michel Vounatsos: So, I will get started and Jeff will come in. So, first Q4, there were lot of holidays. Okay, so we need to take that into account and it is expected that the suitable proportion of the later onset has complicated spine and therefore it takes more time to dose those patients. So, this is a trend that we need to get used to even if we work at helping the provider community to dose better with devices etcetera. So, we are come to start out the patients where there is a bit less urgency to treat and some of them have more complicated spine. Jeff will add.
Michel Vounatsos: The epidemiology is still there. We have 9,000 patients and we still have a long way to go. We increased the team. So, we are getting in there step by step and there is a long queue of patients that are waiting.
Michel Vounatsos: Yes. As Mike said so the priority is certainly on the better tolerability profile. We did suffer on the GI discontinuation on track even if we did improve a couple of points. There is still a long way go the oral market of the MS TMTs is going much faster than the other segments. So we will be able to expand the big franchise there. And with the longer patent life, this opens plenty of opportunities beyond the priority that we just spoke about.
Jeff Capello: Thanks, Michel. It’s a good question. What I say would be I think we laid out for the investor community at the JPMorgan Conference an illustrative view of how much capacity we have from a capital perspective and that concluded both cash on hand at the end of the second, third quarter rather leverage taking the leverage of the company up to 2x less the leverage we have today plus cash flow for the next 5 years. And if you put all those factors together, I am assuming a flat business, which we obviously don’t expect. We get a $37 billion number, which gives us a lot of capacity to add to the business. And I think our focus is on that – is on growing the business continuing to be active in early stage, but also hopefully being active in mid to late stage assets to bring in things that are closer to revenue. Having said that, we also expect to be able to return cash to shareholders in the form of share repurchase, I think we have ample flexibility for that, but we will be disciplined and we will look for those opportunities that fit strategically, scientifically, that fit with the operations and fit in our core areas. So, we expect this to be active, but disciplined.
Jeff Capello: Okay. Let me start with the biosimilars question. So we were pleased with the performance in the fourth quarter. And as we looked out through next year and there on I think that business is well-positioned. As you pointed we do have an option to buy in more to that business and I think that would be our intent. And then we continue to look at it strategically in terms of what would fit with our core operations going forward.
Jeff Capello: Sure. Well, good questions. So first question, gross margins went down Q3 to Q4 from like 88% down to 85%. Two factors drove that, the first was our significant growth in corporate partner revenue, it increased significantly from the third and fourth quarter and that has much lower gross margin. I would say that contributed about two-thirds of the impact of the gross margin erosion sequentially. The other third was the roughly $20 million inventory charge we took at ZINBRYTA. And as we look forward to next year, gross margin quarter-by-quarter although it’s difficult to predict excess and obsolescence charges, we obviously don’t expect that charge to recur per se. And we also expect to have less corporate partner revenue for the quarters for next year and the margin to be slightly better. So both of those things will abate and we expect our margins to kind of get back to the 87% range. So we are pretty comfortable with that by quarter for gross margins. On the question of SG&A, you are correct that the SG&A rate did increase quite a bit sequentially from the third to the fourth quarter. There is really four factors that drove that. One was just basic expenses that ended up moving in from the first quarter of ‘18 to the fourth quarter which were known. The second impact were investments with regard to our SMA business. We are very happy and pleased with the growth, but we are investing in it. The third factor was year end bonus true-ups and other benefit true-ups which were typical the fourth quarter. And then the fourth component were fees and services for projects. So what we think happens here is the rate comes back down as we look at kind of going forward it will kind of – it will get back into kind of the our guidance range. So we think the fourth quarter is a little bit of an aberration and it will settle back down.
Jeff Capello: Yes. I would just add that we are really pleased with the performance. I think European team has done a really good job and they are poised to kind of do even better in 2018, as we look at the countries, we have got – countries kind of lined up and we expect increased growth from the existing countries as well new countries coming on. So I think that the business is really well-positioned for 2018 in Europe as well as the U.S.
Jeff Capello: Yes. And the only thing I would add to that, I would agree with that would be just getting the infrastructure up and running the number of sites people trained to kind of handle the increased volume that will take time. So, I think it’s a combination of both getting the more difficult to treat patients and getting the infrastructure ramped up.
Michael Ehlers: The only thing I would add to that, Michael, is just reemphasize that really our approach is a blended one considering pipeline additions and larger opportunities as Jeff said where the strategy and science makes sense and where we really feel that Biogen can track the maximum value.
Michael Ehlers: Yes, Umer, thanks. Let me take a couple of these here. So, what I would say is starting with the TYSABRI stroke setting, one reason why we are very interested in this study is the fact that we are assessing potential clinical benefit up to 24 hours after the stroke instant. This would obviously be a substantial change to standard of care [indiscernible] out there is for TPA and a thrombolytic really only approved in 4 hours to 5 hours after the stroke. So this would be significant. And we think that it makes sense in terms of the known pathophysiology of acute ischemic stroke where in the period after the infarct you have got this period of intense brain inflammation that’s associated with poor clinical outcomes. And we are testing two different doses or perhaps you were getting at which is to see whether or not there is any dose dependent difference in clinical benefit. First, we will have to wait for the data and as always these are Phase 2 clinical studies and we will have to see what it shows, but where to be positive we think that this would represent a significant advance. On the question on the Alkermes BIIB098 MMF, this is something that which we are still evaluating and what we said is that we do anticipate an ability to file this year. We have not made the determination exactly when data will be presented out of that, but that’s something that we are working through with Alkermes.
Michael Ehlers: Yes. Thanks. Thanks Matthew. So I mean steps to be taken I think these are lot of the known in standard steps, essentially about trial design, material preparation, site activation, etcetera. So there is – there are no kind of surprises in the steps to get to the clinic here, but things that we consider are also lot of known things. As we are designing this, which are the patient subset, way to delivery, we think a lot about manufacturing. We think a lot about the safety features for these agents, still early days across the space in gene therapy, so we think a lot about that. And all of those can be elements of differentiation. Another thing that we are spending a lot of time contemplating is how we would want to be able to demonstrate clinical benefit and the potential space for a gene therapy where we think there is a lot of opportunity together with SPINRAZA.
Michael Ehlers: Yes, Alethia, thanks for the question. So, the Karyopharm compound is pretty interesting one. This is very early, it’s a preclinical, but we will get it to the clinic this year. It’s inhibitor of XPO1. This is a key component of nuclear export and they had done a lot of collaborative work, very nice scientific work showing that this could reduce the hallmark pathology of sporadic ALS, which is the cytoplasmic accumulation of these toxic RNA binding proteins like TDP-43 and FUS, which undergo unclear export that can be blocked at this way. So, the hypothesis is that this could be an oral drug potentially for sporadic ALS. This really complements our ASO programs with Ionis that are really targeting initially genetic forms of ALS like the SOD1 mutant ALS, which is a subset. So, we have got very complementary modalities, completely orthogonal mechanisms and potentially distinct clinical populations.
Michael Ehlers: Yes, I am not sure we are going to be able to do the math real-time for you, it’s fairly complicated, but what we did experience just to reiterate is that we did have a little bit of an uptick in the fourth quarter and discounts and allowances by about a couple of 100 basis points as we sell into more 340B hospitals and the Medicaid mix kind of increases. So that is happening and we expect that to happen into next year, it’s kind of hard to do the math real-time on your numbers, but we can certainly take that offline.
Michael Ehlers: Okay. So, from a price perspective, I think the people are aware, I will talk to the U.S. first that we took prices up about, little bit more than 8%, some products a little bit less than that in others. So, we expect to get kind of some price drop through. We do expect as we commented the gross to net or discounts in a while just to go up. So, we won’t probably fall through as much as we had historically, but we will still get some kind of pricing increases. Volume will be a little bit pressured in the first half of the year as we complete the anniversarying of the OCREVUS launch after which in the second half volume will come back a little bit more. So, that’s a little bit with regard to the U.S. dynamics. Outside the U.S., we expect to continue to see pretty good growth in unit volume across most of the major European countries. We will have kind of OCREVUS coming in across some of the countries slowly, so there will be a little bit of a headwind. We still expect to grow and then price will maybe be down a little bit across Europe. So, that kind of if you put all that together you get to kind of the low single-digit kind of contraction of the business. And then the factor we have of course is the interferon class is continuing to get again some headwind as a result of people moving away from that class a bit and we are doing our best to kind of stem that. Hopefully, that’s helpful.
Michael Ehlers: Yes, I know, thanks for the question. This is not something that which we are talking about yet. I just want to highlight that these are key elements of our considerations for designing study. And I think it will be a general feature for a lot of AAV base gene therapy efforts. It’s still kind of early days to know this. And like I mentioned, the long-term safety profile and how that relates to route of administration transduction efficiency, patient subtype etcetera is what we are working through and those together with the development paths it might contemplate a position along with SPINRAZA we believe are all potential elements of differentiation.
Michael Ehlers: Yes, I will start on the clinical side and then see if Michel or Jeff want to jump in on the commercial differentiation and by the way it’s BIIB098 not BIIB089.
Michael Ehlers: For those taking notes memorizing. So, look I think the profile here that we are looking at is to see whether or not this is different fumarate pro drug has a different profile in terms of GI tolerability. This is something which we will play out in trial designs in looking at adverse events and ultimately probably will play out in the real world setting. So we are looking at that as kind of a potential clinical differentiator and that will be based on the data that we see. Ultimately the head-to-head comparison may allow us to get a better feeling for that. It may also end up, but this will have to play out in the real world setting.
Michael Ehlers: Yes. I think it’s a valid point, Carter. I mean this is one of the reasons why we have spent a lot of time really thinking about this. I mean our belief is that just the world has changed in terms of the ability to really conduct and evaluate the stroke to trials and the kinds of quantitative endpoints that you can really apply. And there is a lot of reasons for that I think one macro reasons that people have learned how to conduct is better with the advent of endovascular thrombectomies, trials are actually working now. So there is a lot more refinements just in the execution of these trials and the other thing is that we are looking at this with eyes wide open and the totality of our action one and action two studies. And so based on the data we obtain from action one, we have revised our study design and our endpoint selection. And so we do think that out of this study the data that we will get, we will be able to know whether or not the clinical benefit that we saw across action one and action two whether it’s real or not. And it has to be real for us to take it into the Phase 3.
