George A. Scangos: Okay. Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. I'm happy to say Biogen delivered another solid quarter, complete with strong financial performance and significant advancements in the pipeline. For the third quarter of 2016, Biogen generated a record $3 billion in revenues, a 6% increase from the same period a year ago. Our GAAP earnings were $4.71 per share, a 13% increase versus Q3 last year. and non-GAAP earnings were $5.19 per share, a 16% increase. I'll come back to the financials in a minute, but first I'd like to highlight some of the important third quarter pipeline progress. One of the most exciting milestones this quarter was the positive interim analysis of nusinersen in the ENDEAR study. Recognizing the tremendous need in the SMA community, we moved quickly, established the Expanded Access program, and completed the NDA filing with the FDA in less than two months, the fastest filing time in Biogen's 38-year history. We continue to be grateful to the patients, families, investigators, and employees who worked tirelessly to bring this program to this point. We've also filed with the EMA, where nusinersen has received Accelerated Assessment status. If approved, nusinersen would be the first treatment for patients with spinal muscular atrophy, a leading genetic cause of death in infants. We were honored when one of our key pipeline programs was featured on the cover of Nature, specifically, the results of our preclinical research and Phase 1b study of aducanumab. This rare distinction was a first for Biogen research and one that I think further highlights the important work that we're doing in the area of Alzheimer's disease. We also announced that aducanumab was granted Fast Track designation by the FDA. Our commercial business continued to deliver solid results this quarter. We furthered our leadership in MS through the launch of ZINBRYTA in collaboration with AbbVie, and we continued to grow the number of patients benefiting from our full portfolio of MS products. Our third quarter hemophilia revenues grew to $217 million, and we've made further progress with the spinoff of our hemophilia business into a separate, independent, publicly traded company, known as Bioverativ, with the initial filing of the Form 10 in August. We continue to expect to complete that transaction in early 2017. In Europe, we doubled our biosimilars revenues over the prior quarter, as BENEPALI continues to launch in markets across the continent and pick up share at a rate previously unseen for a biosimilar anti-TNF. And we launched FLIXABI, our biosimilar of infliximab. We continue to believe that our work in biosimilars is an important growth opportunity for Biogen. So we've seen great progress in both our pipeline and our commercial portfolio during the quarter. As you'll hear shortly from Mike and Michel, our entire executive leadership team is focused on driving commercial performance, prioritizing our assets, advancing our clinical programs, and reshaping our pipeline. And our 7,000 employees globally remain committed to delivering therapies that we believe can make a positive difference in the lives of patients. I'll now turn the call over to Mike so that he can give you a thorough update on our pipeline.
George A. Scangos: Okay, thank you, Paul. I'm very pleased with what we've accomplished this quarter. We delivered solid commercial performance, strong financial results, and important advances in the pipeline. I'm particularly excited about the direction we're heading as we finish 2016 and look forward to 2017 and beyond. As I've said, I believe we're at the beginning of a transformative era in neurodegeneration, which could result in a new era for Biogen as well. We're already starting to see the types of discoveries that can be expected as science advances and innovative trial designs yield previously unseen results and insights. We believe the early data for aducanumab point to additional opportunities to invest in novel science to address Alzheimer's disease and other neurodegenerative diseases. The insights we've gained from the SYNERGY trial are teaching us more about remyelination, and we're enthusiastic about moving opicinumab forward. And the encouraging results we're seeing from nusinersen point to the possibility that there can be entirely new mechanisms and modalities for treating the many daunting diseases of the central nervous system. I'm proud to have led Biogen for more than 6 years now, and it's gratifying to me to be in a position to turn a high-performing organization over to a successor. Our board search for a new CEO is progressing. We don't have a formal update on timing yet. But as you'd expect, the opportunity to lead Biogen is generating plenty of interest. And in the meantime, I'm working closely with our management team as we strive to realize our goals for 2016 and kick off a busy and productive 2017. We're fortunate to have a great leadership team and a passionate group of employees who come to work every day to make a positive impact on patients' lives, and I thank all of them for their hard work and dedication. Thanks to all of you for joining us this morning, and we'll now open up the call for questions.
George A. Scangos: Okay, this is George. Maybe I'll comment on the CEO search first. Look, I'm not going to comment on the specific timing. I can tell you that I think we all believe that the sooner we can get through this and have a new CEO come, the better it is for all of us. So it's a very active search. The board is interviewing a number of candidates. There are, as you would expect, very high-quality candidates coming in and being interviewed from a variety of backgrounds actually. And we'll give you an update on that as soon as we can. But I don't want to comment any more on the specific timing today.
George A. Scangos: No, you should not assume this is on hold. We all believe this is an important part of what we have to accomplish. We are continuing with diligence on several companies as we speak, and that will continue. And we will continue to work aggressively to finalize some of these issues. I think the areas in which we are interested are clear. We have a very good R&D team now who can make the technical assessments. We have a great ability now to make the accurate commercial assessments. And so we are full speed ahead.
Michael D. Ehlers: Geoff, this is Mike. That's a good question. So my comment on the SYNERGY results is we've been using that data to really look at the potential for an identified population. We think we've found that. We think this is really going to inform our development of BIIB061. We're thinking about that very closely. There's reason to believe that the same population may be something we can investigate similarly with BIIB061. We think it will inform the development. That's going to be part of the plans for how we would develop opicinumab as well.
Michael D. Ehlers: Okay, Geoffrey, this is Mike. I'm going to start and then we're going to tag-team the multi-part question here. Hopefully we'll remember each of the parts.
Michael D. Ehlers: So first of all, on the filing, I do want to emphasize that we've submitted the file. We've applied for Priority Review. We haven't heard back on the determination of that. That will obviously dictate when we will get approval for that in the U.S. Similarly, the Accelerated Assessment application we have in Europe, again, that would potentially reduce the review time. But we're expecting that finally to be validated in the coming weeks. So there's some timing dependence on regulator acceptance of these Priority Review and Accelerated Assessment. With that, I'm going to let Michel talk about the launch based on that, but let me address a couple of the other things you mentioned. Our Expanded Access program is active. We've got patients who are receiving drug. This is obviously country-by-country specific in how they're administering it. And it's an ongoing work in progress. That program will really be relevant during this period while we're filed but before we've got approval. We anticipate that that's going to be a small number of patients that we can get in the relevant countries based on the criterion established in our Expanded Access program. On the incidence and prevalence and the label, what we would say is this is 20,000 patients prevalence today in the U.S., Europe, and Japan. SMA as a whole has an incidence of about 13,000 patients a year across those roughly. The data that we've submitted were from the interim analysis of ENDEAR. These were Type 1 patients. We've included data across all of our studies as well as preclinical data. We are going to seek a broad label for the treatment of SMA. This obviously will be something under review. And based on that, that will determine the overall size of the patient population, which I'll also let Michel comment on when I turn it over to him. My final comment on that would be we expect that if successful and launched that these prevalence numbers will increase over time to the extent that we have an impact on survival in these populations. So the label, there's a lot of open questions. We'll have to wait and see, and that is going to determine what the ultimate upside is. So, Michel, maybe I'll turn it over to you on the label.
Michael D. Ehlers: Okay, Ron, thanks for the question. This is Mike, and then I will probably let Al comment as well on opicinumab anti-LINGO. We're very much in the design phase of this, looking at the potential of a trial. We're looking at timing. We're looking at cost. We're looking at feasibility. We don't have an answer today, but we think in the coming weeks we'll have a determination about whether we conduct a Phase 2b trial or whether we look to go straight into Phase 3.
Michael D. Ehlers: Brian, thank you. Thank you for that. And by the way, these are all things which we will have a lot more to talk about at CTAD in San Diego in December. So let me comment on that. So when we say consistent with, we're referring to both imaging and functional endpoints in cognition. As you know, what we've looked at before is the CDR [Clinical Dementia Rating] sum of boxes and the MMSE [Mini-Mental State Examination] as well as amyloid PET. On the titration side and safety side, again, we'll have a lot more details on this. But what I'd say is what we're seeing is consistent with what we had hypothesized around for the safety basis of aducanumab. In other words, it's within the range of what we've seen and reported before with the Phase 1b study.
Michael D. Ehlers: So, Michael, this is Mike. I'll comment on amiselimod. As we looked at how the landscape was evolving, both in terms of the regulatory competitive landscape, changing features there, and the corresponding fit with our strategic priorities about where we could best allocate resources based on our own expertise and competency. We just determined that it wasn't as good of a fit as other things which we could allocate our resources towards.
Michael D. Ehlers: Okay, thanks for the question. Maybe I'll take a stab at this and see if anyone wants to open up. First of all, I don't think we'll speculate on the potential results of the solanezumab trial based on that. There are scenarios that one can envision that we are certainly taking into consideration. We very much look forward to seeing their data. A couple things I would point out on this is, although both are a-beta [amyloid beta] antibodies, these are actually fundamentally quite different mechanisms of action. So whereas we think if there were positive results out of the solanezumab trial, this would give great credence to the amyloid hypothesis of Alzheimer's disease, and I think bode well for the potential results of aducanumab. However, because these are fundamentally different mechanisms they're going at is that it is far more difficult to interpret a negative result if solanezumab were to find it, as we would be able to see it. We believe it will be much more difficult to make a conclusion about a negative result on solanezumab vis-à-vis the potential results of aducanumab. On AveXis, I think what we would comment is look, we welcome innovative therapies for SMA. We think this is a very serious, very important disease area. We're highly committed to this disease area and to the patients and families. We think that gene therapy has an overall approach is a viable one in spinal muscular atrophy. And in fact, we're quite excited about our own internal program that we have and our collaboration with UPenn in that regard as well. So we look forward to seeing how the combination of nusinersen potentially being launched and the next-generation therapeutics that we are certainly working on will play out over time. We see great prospect for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy.
Michael D. Ehlers: Okay, Matthew, thanks for the question. I guess I would first start by saying we really are not going to comment on the data prospects for our label. What I will say is that we have ongoing studies in Type 2 patients where we're looking at the potential efficacy of nusinersen. As you know also, we have an ongoing trial, as I had mentioned, in pre-symptomatic genetically diagnosed infants. And so all of that data is data that we look to include in our filing application. And from that, the extent of the label that we achieve, that will be based on the agency's review of the totality of the data and the evidence. We will present evidence based on those populations in our effort to seek a broad label. What that data is we will be able to present at the appropriate time. Many of these studies have not completed.
Michael D. Ehlers: Chris, maybe I'll start. The essence is we're not going to comment on specific investigators or specific sites around this. I would say that our Expanded Access program was really designed to, in cases and at sites and countries where we were able to with this severe disease, before we're able to successfully launch hopefully if we get a favorable review, to maximize the access that we could based on criteria that were medically established at relevant sites. A lot of that is determined at the site and the country level. They determine that. And we are doing our best to ensure access in a way that makes sense but that does not jeopardize our filing and the potential approval of this for broad access. Our hope, by the way, is that this period will be short and that we'll be able to utilize the Priority Review and the Accelerated Assessment of the EMA to bring this to patients as quickly as possible so that this EAP program can be as short as possible.
Alfred W. Sandrock: Maybe I could add to that. This is Al. The subpopulation that we identified has really good biological plausibility. In other words, these are patients who have evidence of intact axons. They have evidence of demyelination. This makes sense to us that both of these drugs would work better in this population, and that's why we're encouraged by these results.
Alfred W. Sandrock: The additional cohorts included some additional placebo patients. So we will show the data from the additional placebo patients as well as the placebo patients from prior cohorts, and that will be shown at CTAD. And the efficacy is on PET imaging as well as on the clinical cognitive assessments that we looked at previously, MMSE and CDR sum of boxes. That will all be shown at CTAD.
Alfred W. Sandrock: And the only thing I would add on the Alzheimer's is the population is a little different than solanezumab. They're studying the mild patients, which makes sense because that's where they saw some evidence of efficacy in EXPEDITION-2, whereas in the case of aducanumab, we're studying prodromal in the early mild patients. And I agree with everything Mike said about the differences in the antibody.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Mike. So basically, the label is a question mark. The timeline is also a question mark. I had the opportunity to review lately the U.S. operation in terms of launch readiness. And I can tell you that I'm very pleased with the team that is getting together, a high qualified, highly committed team in order to best serve the unmet medical needs together with hopefully a good product with a good label and approved on time. So the launch readiness is there. And basically the label will determine which proportion of the current prevalence we can address at launch. So for that, we have to wait a little bit. 20,000 patients in terms of prevalence in the year so actually that we have qualified, but there are many more beyond, and we are also looking into that.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So concerning the formulary access in the U.S., we do not comment on the way 2017 will look like nor on the gross-to-net. What I can tell you is that the organization is committed to continue to generate profitable growth. And for that, we go after the cost picture forcefully, how we supply and how we procure our business. And as I explained earlier, we are working on our go-to-market model. We don't believe the reach and frequency model that prevailed in the past is sustainable, and we are basically, step by step, building a new go-to-market model. So we are working on that.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So concerning the U.S. market, thanks for the question. What we had seen during the past quarters was basically a slowdown towards low single-digit market growth in the U.S. What we have seen during the past months or weeks was a shift in the mix between commercial and free that is impacting basically the commercial unit's performance. So I don't know if it's an overall market trend, but this is what we have seen internally. What I can tell you is that TECFIDERA remains the number one priority for the organization. We have a plan. As alluded to last time, we are working based on the portfolio work that we are doing on TEC GI discontinuation. That remains at an average of approximately 22%. We have a good opportunity to make some inroad there because basically the scope goes from 5% to 35%. So there are some MS centers where they are able to manage with the right engagement, and here there are different type of engagements that are being practiced in the different centers. There is no evidence yet. One can speculate that we can see a temporal association between the increase of eosinophil and the GI symptomatology, but this was not confirmed by clinical trials because of many different controlling factors. So we work on TEC GI. We see early signs that it's heading towards the right direction also in Europe, but it's too early to claim any big success here. We are working on the capture risks, and one balanced the other. That's why we have a stable patient base. And the base of the market is certainly lower than what we have estimated in our assumptions, but it's not an excuse for not increasing share. So we do not give up. We invest. We are committed. I can tell you the team in the U.S. is all up and running. They have piloted a new engagement model with the critical MS centers. I'm very pleased to see the perception improvement, and now we have to continue to execute. And the full rollout of this new plan will be towards the end of the year, or by latest early January. So we are committed. We don't give up on the large mature markets where the share of TEC is relatively stable versus the latest launch markets where we continue to make fast inroads, like in Italy, Spain, or the UK. And the good news is that we returned to positive France. And we continue for Germany and we continue for the U.S. We are committed. Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So thanks for the question. It's very difficult to speculate on the future trend of the market. So we have seen a couple of points negative for the quarter versus the prior year. This was not a situation during the prior quarters, so time will speak. We'll see over time, but I don't believe that this will be sustained. And again, I spoke about some trends in the marketplace between commercial units being commercialized and other channels. So we are committed to gain market share in a slower base of the market in all our mature markets, including the U.S.
