Michael Ehlers: Thank you, Jeff. We closed the second quarter with the record quarterly revenues, double digit non-GAAP earnings growth and increase for full year revenue guidance and exciting progress across our pipeline. Consistent with our strategic priorities, we're allocated capital to both invest for future growth and opportunistically return capital to shareholders. We do not intend to pause or slowdown here. We believe there will be plenty more exciting opportunities for Biogen as we move into the second half of the year. Looking forward, within the next 12 months, we expect further progress across our neuroscience pipeline, including Eisai's presentation of the BAN2104 data tomorrow and assessing next steps, dosing the first patient in our Phase 3 studies in stroke and hepatic pain; data readouts across MS, Alzheimer's, neuropathic pain, ophthalmology and ALS, and filing for regulatory approval in the U.S. for BIIB98 in MS. As Mike noted earlier, we continue to see compelling evidence across the neuroscience landscape that leads us to believe we are at the beginning of a period of transformative breakthroughs in the treatment of neurological diseases. We believe we are uniquely positioned to benefit from these potential breakthroughs and Biogen's goals is to be the long term leader in neuroscience as we believe it will become one of the most promising symmetric areas of investment for biopharma and growth investors. To deliver on our aspiration, we remain focused on executing well on our strategic priorities to fortify our core business in MS and SMA and allocate capital to expand and progress our neuroscience pipeline. Finally, I want to iterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bringing innovative therapies to patients over the long term. These demands that we continue to capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately, as we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure as well as aimed for superior returns from the investments we make. Once again, I would like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients' lives and all other physicians, caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs. Our past and future achievements could not be realized without their passion and commitment. With that, we'll open the call for questions.
Michael Ehlers: And Cory, this is Mike. I think Al summarized it very well. The only thing I might add to that is, we always started going into this trial in terms of the read through to aducanumab, would be the relationship between brain amyloid lowering and slowing of cognitive decline. And what we’ve reported together with Eisai, and the top-line was that there was and observed both a reduction in brain amyloid by PET and the slowing in the cognitive decline. And that's what we were looking to in terms of the potential read through to Opicinumab.
Michael Ehlers: Yes, so this is Mike. All I can really say at this point is we believe we've got a path forward. We're working hard to get this off-clinical hold and we look forward to initiating the trial and getting patients as rapidly as possible. Once we're able to do that, we will have more to say about the precise nature of our gene therapy agent.
Michael Ehlers: Yes, I think, we were encouraged by the progress we made from this first quarter to second quarter. I think we mentioned that 20% growth in adult patients being treated, and I think you have the statistic right that 60% of the patient pool is in adults. So we think that still is a large underserved patient pool. The exact percentage of that is treatable. I think is still to be determined given some of the complexities, but we think it’s a large percentage. So we continue to be encouraged by that patient sub-segment and we’ve made good progress. And I think we continue to believe as we work our way through the year. Our efforts to focusing on those sites that treat adults, which we did not focus on before is going to pay dividends. Our adult branded and targeted campaign, it's like the patients who are going to pay dividends as well as the investment in sales force. So we continue to expect to see a growth. We will just have to see how much growth we get in the back half of the year versus next year.
Al Sandrock: Hi, Umer. This is Al Sandrock. So we look forward to seeing the results tomorrow presented by Eisai, my colleague at Eisai, Dr. Kramer. So look, there was a single primary endpoint and the primary endpoint was a Bayesian analysis of 12 months where they were looking for the threshold was an 80% probability of seeing a 25% treatment effect. That’s the primary endpoint. There were a number of secondary endpoints that were pre-specified and that’s -- and Dr. Kramer, I believe, has a plan to present those pre-specified secondary endpoints. I hope that answers your question.
Al Sandrock: Yes, Cory. Thanks. This is Al again. First I want to point some of the similarities between BAN2401 and adu. They both bind tightly to soluble oligomers as well as insoluble fibrils of Abeta. Protofibrils is just a type of soluble oligomer and thus both antibodies bind tightly to it. Neither antibody binds very well to monomers of Abeta. So they are both selective for aggregated forms of Abeta. Both antibodies bind to the end terminal portion of the Abeta peptide. And we believe that the linear epitopes are very, very similar. So they bind at very similar places on Abeta. But based on x-ray crystallography studies that we’ve been doing lately, is that they bind in a different way because they are different antibodies? In the human trials, as we’ve noted on the top-line, both antibodies clear amyloid plaques as seen on PET scans in a dose dependent manner, as Mike said this morning. And in human trials, both antibodies seem to slow the progression of cognitive decline at the highest dose. So you can see that there a lot of similarities. And so, we continue to believe that what we are doing right now in terms of these two large Phase 3 trials of aducanumab where we use an antibody that selectively targets aggregated forms of Abeta in the right patients is the right approach. And we think it’s the most promising approach right now as we try to find the first disease-modifying therapy for Alzheimer’s.
Al Sandrock: Hi, Ying it's Al again, on the BAN2401. Look our next steps are to talk to FDA and other regulators. We'll see what they say. And I think it's too early to speculate as to whether or not we can file with this.
Al Sandrock: And I just want to remind everyone, we have a lot of people in queue. So we would really appreciate if you limit to one question each. Thank you.
Al Sandrock: So let me add to the Jeff's comments, there is nothing new in the EU. We’ve seen and we’ve been facing year-after-year this type of pressure on price. The good news is that revenues growing strong and according to what we did plan. And in some major countries we have conventions and we have some timeline where we need to meet back with the authorities, regulators based on drug optimization and prices being negotiated. But it’s too early to speculate, but nothing new from the European settings. It’s a constant, I would say, engagement with regulators. The important element is that the underlying demand is going well mostly for the key products.
Al Sandrock: Hi, Michael, it’s Al again. Yes, well, look, we can get a meeting with FDA pretty quickly, I believe. And I think we’ll have to see what they say. A whole variety of options are available -- potentially available to us and we’ll do the best I think that we can for AD patients who need a disease modifying therapy approved as soon as possible. In terms of the size and scale we'll have to do next, that will all be based on what these conversations say with respect to regulatory authorities, not just in the U.S., but also across the world.
Al Sandrock: Well, obviously, preclinical studies extensive ones were done in order to allow us to enroll -- both companies to enroll patients into fairly large trials even this Phase 2 trial with BAN2401 had more than 800 patients, so clearly a full and adequate preclinical package was done. In terms of, sorry, I forgot the first part of your question Jeff. Oh the ADCOMs, yeah the ADCOMs. So the ADCOMs is a composite of three already well validated endpoints, the CDR Sum of Boxes, the ADAS-Cog and the NMFC. It chooses elements of -- it actually uses all of the CDR Sum of Boxes, which is about 60% of the composite endpoint and chooses the portions of the ADAS-Cog and the NMFC that increase the sensitivity of the outcome measure to change, in this early population, MCI and mild patients. And they published on this. And how the regulators will view it, we'll have to see what they say when we go to talk to them.
Al Sandrock: Well, that's a tough question to answer without the benefit of the conversations we're about to have with the regulators. So I don't think I will have to respond.
Al Sandrock: Hi, Robyn, and it's Al again. Yes, it is hard because we've lost the placebo control after one year. I think I do agree with when you look at the data, the 10 mg per kg arm group has always looked good since the very beginning and continues to look great. The titration arm, there is two questions related to that. One is that the dose was lower for period of time in order to try to mitigate the effects of ARIA, which it does. But the two things are happening. One is that you are starting with a lower dose, which we believe might be less effective initially. And then the time to get to the appropriate dose is a little bit later. However, when I look at the translation data, I have to say, I am pretty encouraged overall. I think it looks quite good and may not be as good as 10 mgs per kg. But I think the bottom-line also Robyn is that we’ve lost the placebo control. We’re down to very few patients at this point. I mean we were -- it was not a large trial to begin with. So trying to look at differences between dose arms is pretty hard with this small number of patients.
Al Sandrock: Hi, Brian, it's Al. First I'm going to start with the interim analysis and the answer that we give is that we're commenting on it. On the -- in terms of the ADCOMS, it's the new endpoint as you pointed out. I haven't seen any publications that relate to what the clinically meaningful difference is. I will say though that the BAN2401 was powered to on the Bayesian analysis, essentially to see a 25% treatment effect size and 80% probably with the threshold. So that answers that in terms of what the study was powered for. Whether what the community believes is the clinically meaningful threshold has not yet been published or determined to my knowledge.
Michel Vounatsos: Yes, Ying, I'll take the question on the Roche PTC oral. I mean first, the comment relative to our broader deal with Ionis. I would say, of course, this oral while it really pretends to one specific target SM displacing and our broad collaboration with Ionis will be across many, many targets in many different mechanisms. So it's particularly related to the broader Ionis collaboration, I would say. But in terms of SMA, we're very interested to continue to seeing the data that Roche and PTC are reporting around their oral. So it's early days, but we've always said from the beginning that we welcome additional modalities. We think that there is going to be a roll in the future where there are multiple options for patients with SMA whether it's SPINRAZA whether it's potential gene therapies we're seeing where there are oral spice moderators. And these kind of combinatorial effects or complementary effects of different mechanism are things that we're actively exploring.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the great question. That maybe little bit too early for us to answer. As you can anticipate we are encouraged by the news. We look forward to the presentation tomorrow. We are engaging very closely with our partners at Eisai. This later data lands well on the amyloid opportunities. This reinforces aducanumab we believe so. So we need to reconvene. We are well positioned with our portfolio that is already large. We believe as many of you that it’s not one single treatment that will treat all the patients at all the stages. So we need to envision new studies, including potentially combination therapies or sequential therapies to best answer the unmet medical need. But again, too early to be precise on what we have to do. Clearly that is an investment case.
Michel Vounatsos: I will get started and Jeff will continue. So we always said that the early stage was the sweet spot for organization. This is where we can add the most value base on the quality of the team, our ability to best develop the compound. So we continue to be looking at opportunities that can meet and complement our current portfolio. It’s very nice to see like the last year we’ve done on muscle enhancement that it can reach towards different priority areas that we have. So this is very exciting. We look at order opportunities in later stage too by remaining very disciplined. And I will let Jeff continue on the answer here.
