Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Mike. Biogen continue to demonstrate resilience and strong execution in the first quarter of the year. And we believe we remain on track to make 2021 a transformative year for the company. This of course starts with a potential approval of aducanumab in the U.S. The unmet need and cost to society for Alzheimer’s disease are tremendous and mounting. Alzheimer’s creates a cost burden of over $600 billion per year in the U.S., and the cost for caring for Alzheimer's patients can be over half a million dollars. Alzheimer's deprives many patients of their independence. By the age of 80, approximately 75% of people with Alzheimer's disease leaving the nursing home at a probation cost of approximately $100,000 per year. The potential approval of aducanumab will be an unprecedented milestone for patients, their families, and society at large. Beyond aducanumab, we continue to advance our neuroscience pipeline as we work to create a multi-franchise portfolio. We look forward to the seven expected mid-to-late stage readouts this year. Across a range of therapeutic areas such as Alzheimer's disease, ALS, ophthalmology, depression, and stroke including four in Phase 3. I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bringing innovative therapies to patients over the long-term. These demands that we continue to allocate capital efficiently and effectively, while maintaining operational discipline and managing costs. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital secure, as well as aim for super returns from the investment we make. Lastly, I would like to reflect upon Biogen’s long standing commitment to corporate responsibility. Our dedication to patients and the broader society is not only limited to developing novel therapeutics for patients suffering from serious diseases, but extends much further. At Biogen, we work with purpose to advance science to address the urgent and long-term challenge facing humanity. Now, more than ever, we continue to strengthen environmental, social, and governance priorities across the company. To underscore this commitment, we have decided to incorporate an ESG metric into our corporate scorecard to help ensure that we accelerate actions across these critical issues. In closing, I would like to thank our employees around the world who have demonstrated the dedication to making a positive impact on patient’s lives, and all of the physician caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs. We are living through challenging times with COVID-19 and our achievements could not be realized without a passion and commitment. We will now open the call for questions.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the question, Michael. The focus of the team since many months in the U.S. was first to identify and assist the sites of care in terms of infrastructure advice and processes because we anticipate that there will be, if approved a very large influx of patients. We know that the availability of specialists and diagnosis capabilities are a bottleneck. So, we had to prepare the sides of care, and we have worked all around the country in order to identify those today.  We anticipate approximately 600 ready to treat, but many more on the works. So, this work was managed by a cross functional team and obviously we started with the medical engagement and scientific leadership. And we are pleased with where we are in terms of those sites, and the ability to welcome the patients, to diagnose the patients, to dose the patients, to monitor the patients, including the fine processes such as [formula releasing], who is in-charge of what?  So the team has done a very thorough work, and I am pleased with the progress each time I review the operation in the U.S. and the launch readiness. We are bridging, we are passing some new milestones. I am also pleased with the digital capability that is an overlay of reach contact and [awareness building] towards different stakeholders, not only the physicians, but also the patients and end-patient services. As you know, so far, neither PET nor CSF amyloid are reimbursed in the U.S. CSF is reimbursed in Europe, not in the U.S., but we believe there is a path forward. Concerning price, I think that we are there, Mike. We have done a thorough, you know, engagement with different stakeholders considering the burden of the disease and the clinical meaningfulness that aducanumab will bring.  And we have engaged with pharmacoeconomics, including ICER, many times and others in the U.S. and beyond. So, I think that the team is ready. And I'm pleased with the progress. And actually, the three months edition were like a gift for the team, because we are never fully ready for such a launch. And I must also appreciate the collaboration from Eisai in this launch readiness.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the question. We are very pleased with the performance of SPINRAZA ex-U.S. and I'm also pleased with the performance in the U.S. even if, you know we did face some discontinuation due to the compounded effect of COVID, and also the perceived the enhanced modality with the [indiscernible] the convenience. And so there are lots of learning that are coming from the U.S. to apply to Europe and ex-Europe. We can see a very strong resilience in core European markets, and we can see a very fast momentum of growth in the emerging geographies.  So, all-in-all, I am very pleased. I think that moving forward with the pandemic improving with the rate of vaccination, the fear to visit institution will gradually decrease, and the [indiscernible] data continues to reinforce the [indiscernible] that basically the product is not that [difficult issues] for the toddlers above the age of five. The dose limitation because of all the reasons that we all know, basically is set the limit in terms of efficacy, while the weight of the young adult or toddler young adult increase, which is the largest part of the market, and where we have faced some switches.  So obviously, the learning from the U.S. will benefit probably ex-U.S. in an environment where we should have less of the pandemic. I am pleased with the emerging economies where rare diseases were not the priority for so long, and nowadays, you know, on the agenda in terms of resource allocation, so very good momentum. Concerning TECFIDERA, in China, you know, it's a second product approved in China for Biogen and I am delighted about that. As you know, I was posted there for my previous company during four years with my family. And I fundamentally believe into the long-term potential of this market that is already the number two in the world.  So, the demand is tremendous. And epidemiology is rapidly emerging with similarities with the one of West. So, incidence is lower for MS, but they are still more than 100,000 patients. The rate of diagnosis and the rate of treatment with the [DMT’s] is extremely low. It's less than 5% of the market. So, disabilities are high, and it gives a great opportunity to establish TECFIDERA together with the rest of the portfolio with a bit more time hopefully. China is an important market for Biogen. We are managing Asia-Pac [with Japan] from China.  We have partnered with a Chinese company on a biosimilar. So it's an invest geography. Obviously, we don't lose the focus on the rest, but good momentum in China, we have a great team, more than 200 people. And it's only the beginning. Thank you for the questions.
Michel Vounatsos: Evan, I think that at this stage of development, the mindset of the team is to try to do better than what we have seen with this initial Phase 2, 60% or so symptomatology and approximately 30% discontinuation. So, it's a fascinating question that you asked. It's all about the benefit risk, but the mindset is you should try to do better.
Michel Vounatsos: So, thanks for the question. We are very excited by the momentum we see behind TYSABRI, high efficacy and a mechanism that is eventually is slightly favored in the current environment versus beta cell depleters. You know, the [stigma] around TYSABRI was always the risk of PML, and with the data we generate and the extendedly interval dose and hopefully the data with the Nova study media readout we should really shed light on the optimal dose and mostly frequency of the treatment.  Subcu is an opportunity to enlarge the target. When we look at the prescriber’s landscape for TYSABRI, which is a tremendous success, it's extremely limited. And is it because of the infusion centers? Is it because of the risk of PML? Probably both. Here we are combining the opportunity of accessing high efficacy with the subcutaneous dosing. So, we should be in a position to enlarge the use and the targeting for TYSABRI.
Michel Vounatsos: I want to thank you all for joining the Biogen call today. We remain focused on flawless execution and our operation in order to deliver on our guidance. We are also focused on the velocity of our [pipe]. And in the short run, we are very excited with important readouts and obviously with a critically important regulatory decision for aducanumab. Have a good day.
Mike McDonnell: Yeah. So Ronny it’s Mike. Thank you for the question. And, you know, as we said, we do expect to hear something on the appeal in the first half of this year. And as we sit here on April 22 that could really come at any time now. There are many generics on the market, as you know. And our legal team has worked extremely hard to try to win this appeal and overturn this decision.  To the extent that we are successful, obviously, that would be very good news on winning the appeal, but there would be a push forward from there. And so in order to come up with, you know a quantification of potential financial benefit, it would be premature and it would be hard to calculate immediately. It would be the type of situation where we would get the good news, and we would have to navigate from there on a number of additional steps that we would have to go through to get to, you know, finalization and how the generics that are in the market now would react? It's a little bit hard to predict, before that would actually happen. So, I would say that, obviously, it would be very good day and good news, and we're working very hard, and we believe in our case. But we would have to, sort of evaluate the ruling what it says. And we would communicate more in terms of potential benefits, as soon as we knew what that course looked like.
Mike McDonnell: Yeah, that's not something that we can, you know, kind of comment on with specificity, Ronny. You know, again, yeah, we're – and I apologize for that. But this is one where, again, we have a great legal team that's working very hard and overturning this appeal and we're very hopeful to hear something very soon and you know, we'll communicate more on exactly what it all means. You know, we’d have to look at the ruling and the specifics and we have to see the reaction of the generics that are in the market before we really could answer that. 
Mike McDonnell: Umer it’s Mike. Thanks for the question. So, a couple comments. I would say that, you know, we did buy back $600 million in the quarter and we continue to be very committed to our share repurchase program, and we continue to see our stock as a very accretive investment and we will continue to buy back stock and utilize a portion of the remaining $4 billion authorization throughout the rest of the year, as we said.  You know, if you look back five years, Biogen’s repurchase, something on the order of 71 million shares for a total value of $20 billion. And I would say that we've certainly availed ourselves of a great opportunity there. And I think that you do have to differentiate levels of cash flow prior to the entry of generics for TECFIDERA. Obviously, that was a highly profitable product with a large revenue base in the U.S., that's now eroding pretty rapidly.  So, we don't have the level of free cash flow that we had prior to that, but with that said, we still do have a meaningful amount of cash with $3.4 billion on hand at the end of the quarter. And we remain very committed to share repurchases. There is a differential obviously, in the level of free cash flow, and we had a lot of excess cash on hand during various periods of time, even more than we have now, prior to the generic situation. So, within the confines of what we can do, we remain very committed. 600 million is still a pretty meaningful number. And we will continue to evaluate a very robust pipeline of BD opportunities.  We will continue to invest in those, you probably saw that we announced investment in a biosimilar opportunity with BioThera that we're excited about, and we will continue to repurchase shares. And we have the wherewithal to do that. So, I wouldn't read too much into the volume as being a sign that we're not committed to it, because we're something that we continue to see as a very accretive investment.
Mike McDonnell: Hi Brian. The main adverse event associated with adu is ARIA-E. And that's readily monitored by very standard sequence used for MRI scans. And in the Phase 3 trial, most of the – almost all of the monitoring was done within the first year of treatment because the risk ARIA goes down with time as the longer you treat, the less likely you are to get ARIA-E. And I believe we had six or nine scans in the trial. But we don't think that you'll need that many.  We were being extra cautious in our Phase 3 trials, exactly how many we’ll need will obviously depend on our discussions, if we get to them or when we get to them in terms of the label, which we don't have yet. I would remind you that most of the ARIA-E were asymptomatic. I'd say about two-thirds were asymptomatic. And when symptomatic they were – the symptoms were generally mild, such as headache and confusion.  So, I think it's readily dealt with, readily managed adverse event. And I think the sites – because almost all, I mean, virtually every center, even a private practice clinics have access – ready access to MRI, and as I said, it's a standard sequence. So, I don't think it's going to be a major problem to monitor for ARIA.
Mike McDonnell: Yeah, thanks for the question. EMBARK is enrolling, the rate of enrollment is actually as predicted, it's enrolling on track. But as you noted, the total number of patients to be enrolled was reduced. And the main reason for that was that there were eligibility requirements, medical eligibility requirements that were not met by many of the patients who were seeking to enroll in EMBARK. I'd say though, that the interest level on the part of patients, as well as investigators remains high. And as I said, the enrollment does remain on track. And I don't have the data on whether or not there's differential enrollment from the different feeder arms.
Mike McDonnell: Well, you're correct that, as I stated in my comments, the primary endpoint was met, which I think and I want to congratulate my colleagues at SAGE for that. That's a major result. The obvious thing to do now since we tested the high-end of the dose range is to see whether we can reduce the dose, mitigate some of the adverse events while maintaining efficacy. There may be other [maneuvers] such as changing the dosing algorithm, if you will, perhaps easing up to a dose, titrating, and other approaches would include potentially looking at the key subgroups. In terms of what's acceptable? I think that's a very tough thing to answer definitively. I think that every patient looks at the benefit they're receiving from a drug and the tolerability issues they have to accept with the drug. It’s probably a day-to-day decision that patients make and in this situation, they can see themselves of what's going on with the tremor. And perhaps there'll be several doses one day, that'll allow patients to choose between doses that optimize for them the benefit versus the risk.
Mike McDonnell: Yeah, I wish I could, you know, I just can't answer those types of questions. We're still in the middle of our review process. And I'm sensitive to the fact that we're under review. So, one day soon, I hope to be able to discuss all that with you.
Al Sandrock: Hi, this is Al. Yeah, so the primary endpoint is the efficacy at Day 15. And, you know, a key secondary endpoint is the durability, if you will at Day 42. And, you know, there's two ways to look at that. One is, does it stay separated from placebo or perhaps more importantly, what happens between Day 15 and Day 42 on the efficacy on HAM-D score in the treated patients.  And so, I think that if you look at prior precedents, the latter is probably more important than the former. But I think both will need to be looked at. And then of course, the key durability comes from the data from SHORELINE, which shows that patients who responded to the initial course of treatment need at most one additional treatment, about 70% needed at most one additional treatment for an entire year. So, I think that both kinds of durability are important.
Al Sandrock: Yeah. Hi, Matthew. Well, you’re talking about gosuranemab BIIB092, which is our antibody that targets essentially extracellular tau, trying to prevent the spread of tau from cell-to-cell. And you're right, I mean, the Roche negative results do make us think that, you know that it's tough to target tau with an antibody, but we remain hopeful. We haven't seen the data from our own Phase 2 results yet. It’s a large study, 650 plus patients testing several doses. And we're testing it in the early stages of Alzheimer's.  So, I think it's a robust study, that'll enable a very good go, no go decision to Phase 3. I did mention BIIB080 in my prepared comments because it's a different approach to tau. It's using an antisense to decrease the production of tau and it should affect both intracellular and extracellular forms of tau. Very different approach and we're excited about the results that we found in Phase 1 in terms of dose and time dependent reduction in tau expression, as seen in the CSF, and we're looking forward to sharing those results later this year at a scientific meeting.
Al Sandrock: Hi, Jeff. Yeah, we remain on track for the PDUFA date of June 7 and obviously if we had submitted major additional data that would affect that. So, but other than that, we don't want to comment on what we're, you know, submitting our interactions with FDA except to say that we continue to have regular meetings with them. And to us, everything's on track for a PDUFA decision on by the PDUFA date. In terms of tau, the concept of using tau imaging essentially to stage patients is a very interesting and novel concept.  And they showed that there are certain, if you look at amyloid pet as well as tau pet, you could potentially choose patients with the right stage of Alzheimer's disease that would maximally benefit from an amyloid lowering agent such as donanemab and potentially aducanumab and BAN2401. So, I think it's a very interesting concept. I think it's something that we need to look at again and with further study, but it's something that could potentially be useful.
