Paul J. Clancy: Thanks, Tony. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share were $3.62 in the third quarter. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in the third quarter were $3.80. Walking down the P&L, I will start with revenues. Total revenue for the third quarter grew 37% year-over-year to approximately $2.5 billion. Global TECFIDERA revenue was $787 million in Q3. In the U.S., TECFIDERA revenue was $638 million. Our best estimate at this time indicates that we ended the quarter with approximately 3.5 weeks of inventory in the channel, which includes specialty pharmacies and wholesalers. International TECFIDERA revenue was $149 million in the third quarter. Germany represented approximately three quarters of our ex-U.S. TECFIDERA revenues. Interferon revenues including AVONEX and PLEGRIDY were $745 million. In the U.S., Q3 revenue increased 6%, compared to prior year to $482 million. Outside of the U.S., Q3 AVONEX revenue was $260 million, a decrease of 6% compared to prior year due to increased oral competition. TYSABRI worldwide revenue net of hedging was $501 million in the third quarter, an increase of 25% over the same period last year. These results were comprised of $275 million in the U.S. and $226 million internationally. There were number of items of note for TYSABRI. We’re now recognizing TYSABRI revenues at the full reimbursed price in Italy. In the U.S., there were 14 shipping weeks this quarter, compared to 13 in the same quarter last year, as TYSABRI ships on Tuesdays. And we benefited from the benefit of a timing of shipment in Brazil, a tender market. Factoring in these items, TYSABRI still experienced double-digit revenue growth year-over-year. Moving to hemophilia, ELOCTATE revenue in the third quarter, first quarter on the market was $22 million. ALPROLIX revenue in Q3 was $25 million. Turning to our anti-CD20 franchise, RITUXAN and GAZYVA U.S. profit share was $271 million for the third quarter. Royalties and profit share and sales of rituximab outside the U.S. were $20 million. The result was $291 million of net revenue from unconsolidated joint business. This amount includes an expense of approximately $21 million related to our share of changes in the recognition of the branded prescription drug fee in the quarter. This fee was imposed to pharma companies as part of the Affordable Care Act. During the quarter, the IRS issued final regulations related to the drug fee which changed the recognition for accounting purposes from the period in which it is paid to when the sales occur. The incremental charge this quarter represents the remaining expense for 2013 and year-to-date 2014 sales related to RITUXAN. Now turning to the expense lines on the non-GAAP P&L. Q3 cost of goods sold were $303 million or 12% of total revenue. Q3 non-GAAP R&D expense was $416 million or 17% of revenues, which includes no new business development activity this quarter. Q3 non-GAAP SG&A expense was $569 million or 23% of total revenue. Included in this amount is an expense of approximately $90 million related to the previously mentioned Branded Prescription Drug Fee. Our Q3 non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 25%. Weighted average diluted shares were $237 million, and we ended the quarter with approximately $3.2 billion in cash and marketable securities, of which 60% is in the U.S. In Q3, we incurred a $200 million liability as we reached $3 billion in cumulative sales of TECFIDERA and FUMADERM in the quarter. As highlighted in our SEC filings, this relates to the TECFIDERA contingent payments, which are being recorded as an increase to goodwill, reported on the balance sheet when incurred and flowing through the cash statement when paid, but not impacting the income statement. We expect to enter a period of meaningful TECFIDERA CVR payments to the former shareholders of Fumapharm. This brings us to our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share to a $3.80 for the third quarter, an increase of 61%. Now let me turn to our updated full year 2014 guidance. We expect total revenue growth between 38% and 41% compared to prior year, unchanged from prior guidance. R&D expense is unchanged, yet expected to be at the low-end of the range of our previously communicated guidance between 20% and 21% of total revenues. Our full year R&D forecast now includes approximately $50 million in the fourth quarter for business development opportunities, a decrease from prior guidance. This remains an important focus for the company and we continue to pursue high-quality early and mid-stage business development opportunities. SG&A expense is expected to be approximately 22% to 23% of total revenue, unchanged from prior guidance. We anticipate non-GAAP EPS results between $13.45 and $13.55 and GAAP EPS to be between $12 and $12.10. Our improvement in both GAAP and non-GAAP EPS is primarily due to our revised assumptions with respect to anticipated business development activity. I’ll turn the call over to George for his closing comments.
Paul J. Clancy: Geoff, as we move into 2015, we’ll use the end of the year call to give our expectations going into 2015, and obviously that will play into where we think 2016 goes as well. But I think that you’re painting a picture that’s probably less optimistic than we think. We certainly are in early stages in TECFIDERA for the European rollout. The majority of European TECFIDERA sales are Germany. We’ve moved forward with reimbursement in a number of other markets, but ahead of us is a number of larger markets and most of those will be impacted as we go into 2015. We think there is meaningful, still meaningful growth in TECFIDERA in the United States as we continue to penetrate docs and penetrate the marketplace. And certainly, we’re in very early days for the PLEGRIDY launch, which actually is ahead of us. In the Unites States, it just started with a very small amount of sales in Europe and certainly in very early days in ELOCTATE and ALPROLIX that – well it’s hard to discern signal from noise early on, but the longer-term perspective that we have is that the marketplace will move to long acting hemophilia products, and we will play hopefully a meaningful role in that.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, Ian just to add on Europe and I think these comments are probably a repeat from last quarter. We came into the Europe thinking Europe the pace of penetration would be underneath the pace of penetration that we saw at TECFIDERA in the United States. We’re very pleasantly surprising Germany to see actually that being on track or better. And while Germany is that the Lion’s share of our ex-U.S. revenue right now, all the other countries that we’ve launched in Nordics, Canada, Australia, we’re seeing similar trends that we saw in Germany in terms of very strong update. So the delayed launch actually has played and we’re effectively trying to do in every country is learn from the prior launches and execute even better, and I think we’re succeeding on that front.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, good question, Yaron. The first thing I’d want to point out is it’s our best estimate. I think I had mentioned that, but that’s important. These things always wobble along product therapy, the size of TECFIDERA, it’s meaningful. So take it with a grain of salt. We think that each quarter – the other thing (indiscernible) said on is that three and half week estimate is the combination of wholesalers and specialty pharmacies, which we’ve been trying to point out from the early days. We have good visibility on wholesalers. There’s a limited number of them and that’s where our direct channel is and we have decent visibility in the specialty pharmacies. Over time, I would think that that will tighten up a little bit, as people early in the launch in particular specialty pharmacies, wanted to make sure they had plenty of product on hand. So I think if anything over time, it tightens up a little bit to a tighter supply chain, which is normal for other therapies in particular rather overall therapies. And we’ll try to keep everybody apprised if that happens as it goes to the best knowledge that we have.
Paul J. Clancy: Thanks, Eric, for the question. Let me kind of address the second part of your question on the BisDev thing. The pipeline of business development activity, the strategic intense I think, I personally think our capabilities are at an all time high. And you just never know when these things can turn into a deal, and as a result it gets a little bit bumpy quarter-to-quarter, early in the year obviously the Eisai transaction, the Sangamo transaction impacted the R&D line. Third quarter just didn’t really have anything. And I think that’s continue way to expect it, it’s hard to then translate that into a guidance. So we all just have to be mindful of that. More broadly, we certainly still believe those bad word for it, but tuck-in acquisitions are a remark – it’s part and participle to the business that we’re in. But it’s really all about the mission that we have and delivering outside has the potential to deliver outside shareholder value returns. We’ve seen that over the last ten plus years. As we move into 2015, we’ll probably open and look towards figuring out what’s the best way to return capital to shareholders as the cash flow continues to generate. As I also pointed out just wanted to make sure, but it’s mindful of – we do expect to have meaningful CVR payments to the pharma owners of TECFIDERA, which is going to be captured into the cash flow statement, as well. So I think it’s kind of largely continued as we have and with a pretty decent intent to rebuild their early and mid-stage pipeline.
George A. Scangos: Thanks, Paul. In closing, I think the third quarter was very productive for Biogen Idec. We now have 10 marketed products, including five in MS and two in hemophilia. Our efforts over the coming months will focus on continued performance of the base business, execution on the launch of new products and innovation to bring meaningful new therapies to patients. We plan to make TECFIDERA broadly available as we launched across Europe and other regions around the globe. We will begin launching PLEGRIDY in the U.S. imminently with continued launches across Europe occurring over time. We expect to continue to grow our hemophilia franchise. We believe ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE represent true innovation for patients and a significant long-term opportunity for the company. We believe that our accomplishments have set the stage for an exciting period as we look forward to 2015 and beyond. We expect an important part of our long-term value creation for patients and shareholders will come from our pipeline that could form the next wave of late stage development opportunities. Our strategy for sustainable growth centers on the deep commitment to the patient and continued innovation to develop novel medicines that address important medical challenges. We intend to follow good science and stick to our knitting in the areas that we know best: Neurology, Hematology and Immunology. We believe these guiding principles position us for long-term success. So in closing, I’d like to take this opportunity to thank our dedicated employees and the patients and physicians involved in our clinical development programs in helping us to make a deep difference to patients’ lives. So thank you all for joining us this morning. And operator, we’ll now open up the call for questions.
George A. Scangos: Yes, okay. Look, this patient was not on TYSABRI, but this patient did have severe lymphopenia for 3.5 years, and we believe that the length of time on TECFIDERA is not the issue, the issue is related to lymphopenia, all right. And so, we are treating this as a case that resolves from the lymphopenia, and there is a normal background rate of lymphopenia. There is a lymphopenia on the TECFIDERA label, a small fraction of the patients develop lymphopenia and that’s why a screening for the lymphopenia is on the label, it’s caused by lots of drugs.
George A. Scangos: Thanks, Terence. It’s an interesting point. Look, we think the market growth first and foremost is being – the increase is driven by oral to the marketplace. Specifically, TECFIDERA bringing back quitters in particular and slowing down even the number of those patients that exit the marketplace. In addition to that, what we’ve noticed over the last call, five to seven years, is unemployment rates actually have in fact, play a role in this marketplace. So when unemployment rates in the United States specifically pop up to the high single-digits, we see the impact in a slightly delayed fashion. And when they drift down, we see the impact of that as well. I mean, they’re modest impacts, but still meaningful. And then the second impact is, as we came into 2014, we think we’ve gotten a little bit of a modest benefit from the Affordable Care Act, more patients being ensured in moving from essentially what was – patients that we supported on a free basis to those switching over to commercial. Thanks for the question.
George A. Scangos: Sure, but first of all great job of scanning the patent literature. Obviously the life cycle management for TECFIDERA is one of the key issues for us and we have a lot of work going on. That certainly is one aspect of it, but not certainly the only aspect. And we haven’t gone into publicly all of the things that we’re doing and things we’re trying and certainly don’t, want to do that now and I think it’s in our interest. Obviously, if we tell you, we tell all our competitors as well. Look what would be the attractive life advantages, modest changes could be once a day, could be better tolerability. I think the biggest change would be increased efficacy. And so, we’re working on all of those aspects.
George A. Scangos: At this call, I’d just add additionally, we also often times think that this market is easy segments to split up, this we’re approaching 800,000 patients on disease-modifying therapies with lifelong disease that have lots of different heterogenous nature to the disease. So we think that actually plays well for Daclizumab.
George A. Scangos: Look where we – I assume you’re asking because of all the noise around Forward Pharma and their IPO. What we’ll say is we’re very comfortable with our IP situation, we’re certainly not going to litigate this in public. We’re very comfortable with where we are. And we’ll leave it at that.
George A. Scangos: Thanks. Those are good questions. Look, we’re certainly not in a position to make medical recommendation, right. For long lymphopenia like this patient experiences in known risk factor for PML, TECFIDERA does result in lymphopenia in a small fraction of the patients who take it. It’s for that reason that lymphocyte screening is on the label. We have reported this case to the regulatory authorities. We’ll certainly, as we said in the prepared script, be discussing with them whether the language on the label is appropriate to inform patients and physicians. And what is done with lymphocyte results is, I think up to the physician that’s caring for those patients.
George A. Scangos: So I think, Geoff, it’s pretty clear that the vast majority is going to be existing pro-fee patients. That’s the group that we expected in both cases to buying the proposition of dosing frequency most attractive side, but I would say that’s the vast majority of it. There is probably a little bit on demand. There are no signals yet that we’ve seen there. There is a meaningful conversion of bringing on demand patients into pro-fee. We’ve always said that’s probably something that happens over time. So, I would say vast majority is existing.
George A. Scangos: Okay, sure. Yes, we’re still on track for January. As to the data that we’ll show, the goal here is to be as open as we can about the data without jeopardizing our ability to publish the data in peer review journal and have it accepted at a major meeting. Those are always the things that company is trying and trade off. So I can’t tell you exactly what will be in the press release, but we will certainly be as explicit as we can with those caveats.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thank you all for the attention this morning and the time. And we’ll get back to work and so can all of you. Thanks.
Tony Kingsley: Thanks, Eric. It’s Tony. Nothing big on a one-time nature. Inventories are moderating, I think a little bit in the channel, and that’s always little, probably, difficult to predict exactly, but no look, we’ve always expected that TECFIDERA’s grow rate would moderate over time. I think we’re seeing a natural case of that, but we’re very comfortable with the trajectory of the product right now. We’re very comfortable as we talked about the portion of new starts and switches that we’re getting. So nothing that’s significantly off plan from our standpoint, in fact I think we feel pretty good about the performance.
Tony Kingsley: Thanks Brian. It’s Tony. So look, we really like the product profile of PLEGRIDY, repeat the theory. Interferons as of last count still treat more than half of the patients in our markets. We think that’s declining for all the obvious reasons, but we think interferon remains an important part of the treatment set. We think PLEGRIDY is the leading interferon and should take here from all the interferons that are on the market today. And I would point out when physicians look at it, they’re not going to look just at the convenience benefit, but they’re going to look at the total package of the efficacy and dosing schedule. We think that’s a very attractive proposition. So, yes, we think we have the potential to take share of high frequency interferons.Brian Abrahams – Wells Fargo & Company: Thanks.
Tony Kingsley: Yes. Thanks, Matthew. It’s Tony. So Phase 3 data was obviously very encouraging. We believe it has an attractive product portfolio that has a place in the market, doing lots of more detailed market research and positioning at this point to crisp that up, but we believe it has a nice efficacy; it has an MOA that is the interesting to many physicians that we talk to in once a month subQ injectable. So the overall package is attracted and certainly something that makes sense for patients who require that level of efficacy. It could be a good switch to product for a lot of patients that are getting the efficacy that I need today. So more to come on that but we certainly think there’s a place where we believe that is a place for it on the market.
Tony Kingsley: So, thanks Robyn, its Tony. Look I think I said first we’re pleased to have got the 50% or 50% plus of the hemophilia treatment centers. I think we’ve said this is largely a patient-driven market, meaning that’s kind of where the activation comes. So as patients get interested in the proposition of the dosing regimen for treating disease prophylactically they are asking the hemophilia treatment centers. So we are in there talking to them, having conservations. We think as patients have good experience and as centers have good experience, it creates a virtuous cycle overtime. And we believe we’re seeing some evidence of that as we go out and execute. So look, its early days, but the plan has been to do that, get the patients get their treatment centers provide good coverage and build that virtuous cycle overtime, but we believe we’re on a good path on that front. In terms, of dosing frequency, I think, what I said on ALPROLIX, is we believe that most patients are choosing the once weekly, which is the label dose, it’s either once weekly or once every ten days. That is something that has made sense for the majority of patients. So I’d say that’s on plan.
Tony Kingsley: Yes, thanks, Chris. This is Tony. I think that’s consistent with what we’re seeing. As we’ve said before, the discontinuation rates, we expect to be similar to other in line therapies over time. We believe that physicians are learning to manage the GI and tolerability issues, but you’re still going to get some drop off of that. So we believe that your analysis is probably in line with what we’re seeing.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks. This is John on behalf of Michael Yee. On the TECFIDERA patient with PML, could you just remind us is this the first PML case in TECFIDERA and what was the JC virus status of the patient? Also going forward, how do you think this case maybe different or similar versus the prior experience with TYSABRI? Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, it’s actually Kathryn for (indiscernible). We’ll just have a question on LINGO. What do think is a clinically meaningful improvement in VEP until those back in 2020? And then what would expect of the placebo growth? And then how much detail do you expect to this in January versus a presentation at a conference next year? Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks for the follow-up. This is John again on for Michal Yee. I don’t think this was addressed on today’s call, but for Anti-LINGO on the last earnings call, it was noted that the data from the optic neuritis studies will be expected in January of next year. Just wanted to confirm, is that still the guidance? And as for top line announcement we can expect, it’s been a quite long since we’ve last seen a Biogen press release on a mid-stage proof-of-concept program. So for the Anti-LINGO disclosure, how much data can we expect? Would it be something detailed with numerics from the multiple endpoints or just a simple short commentary whether a hit or the trends et cetera? Thank you.
Douglas E. Williams: Okay, sorry about that technical difficulty. Yes, this is the first patient with PML on TECFIDERA that we’re reporting. I think, as George pointed out, it’s important to note that this is a patient that as part of the ENDORSE study and was on drug for 4.5 years and for 3.5 of those years had severe lymphopenia, which we know is a risk factor for developing PML. And so, it’s an unfortunate circumstance that we believe is related to the lymphopenia. Prolonged and severe lymphopenia is a risk factor. We have monitoring rules in our label right now for checking white count and we believe that that is the best way for physicians to manage patients going forward.
Douglas E. Williams: Sure, thanks George. Yes, I think you can look at those hires as somewhat of a mix of sort of building on our existing strengths. Don Johns would be a great example of that. Don is coming in to run the clinical trial programs in ALS. As we take those compounds into the clinic, he’ll be responsible for designing and executing those studies. Chris Henderson is going to take over the research activities and neurology research. So again that just strengthens what is already a very strong group and Chris will have the mandate to focus on new target discovery and validation to really help push ahead with new initiatives that we have in some of our core areas like Parkinson’s and Alzheimer’s. :
Douglas E. Williams: Yes, that’s related to hemophilia. I think we are continuing to innovate in that space. The first two products really represent the first two products. We have other programs further back in research, one of which is a longer acting version of factor VIII that we presented some posters on, utilizes the XTEN technology, and we think that – if it does make it into the clinic will really sort of get us beyond that one and a half to two-fold half life extension threshold that everyone seems to be caught and all the long-acting factors. For Hemophilia A, really in the sort of one and a half to two-fold half life extension range and this could actually double that from what we have seen. We’re also looking into gene therapy as a possibility to extend the franchise in hemophilia. I think it’s sort of the general rule that when we move into an area and have programs and products that emerge from the pipeline, that we continue to innovate in those fields where we think that there’s opportunities to improve upon existing products. So hemophilia is one area we’re doing that obviously MS, we continue to do that, that’s just sort of the natural part of the life cycle for any therapeutic area we’re in.
