Douglas Williams: Thanks, George. This is a very exciting time at Biogen Idec, and it's a privilege to be part of a tremendous R&D team. Biogen Idec has great science and technology and a team of individuals committed to making the company the leading biotech enterprise in the industry. That's not to say there isn't work to be done to improve our productivity, but I believe that we have a solid base from which to build a world-class R&D capability. As George mentioned, last week, we announced positive top line data results from DEFINE, the first Phase III study of BG-12 in relapsing MS. I'd like Dr. Al Sandrock to share with you some of the rationale for the design of the study. Al's done a tremendous job of leading this program, along with our talented internal team of dedicated neurologists and scientists. And with that, I'll pass the call off to Al.
Douglas Williams: Let me give Al a break here. Maybe I can just jump in here. Laquinamod top line data, all we can tell you is the top line safety data, which is all that we have, actually, so far, and is consistent with what we saw in the Phase II trial. That's a published study in Lancet as Al said. So you can go back and look at that study. And there's nothing that jumps out looking at the top line data that makes this any different. We haven't -- these are recent data and we haven't fully analyzed everything yet, and so when we do, we'll publish that. But things look just like the Phase II so far.
Douglas Williams: Yes, as Al said, we are going to present the full data set at an upcoming meeting. Say terms of what the placebo rate was and what the treated arms were, we're going to reserve that for the meeting. You have the relative placebos. And the numbers we have, as Al said, are consistent with other recent trials that we've seen. So there won't be any big surprises there. In terms of filing date -- everybody seems to get in 2 questions in 1, good job. The filing date, we have the second trial to read out later this year. And of course, once we get that trial, assuming the data are consistent with what we are seeing now, we will file as quickly as possible, and we anticipate filing early next year.
Alfred Sandrock: Thank you, Doug. It certainly does feel great to share with our shareholders the progress we've made with our oral MS program, BG-12. It really was a team effort, a dedicated team of scientists, neurologists, clinical operations people, statisticians and many others that have contributed to this moment. As you recall, the DEFINE study was a 2-year, randomized, double-blind, multi-centered, placebo-controlled dose comparison study in over 1,200 relapsing-remitting MS patients. As George mentioned, both doses met the primary and all secondary endpoints with statistical significance compared to placebo. In the DEFINE trial, 2 endpoints assessing relapses were included, the proportion of relapsing patients at 2 years as the primary endpoint and annualized relapse rate as the secondary endpoint. The second Phase III study of BG-12, CONFIRM, is also a 2-year, placebo-controlled dose comparison study, which includes glatiramer acetate as a reference comparator arm. CONFIRM's primary endpoint is reduction of relapses at 2 years. Through the study endpoints for both DEFINE and CONFIRM, we will have a full spectrum of information regarding the effect BG-12 has on relapses. In addition, both trials were designed to measure the effects of BG-12 on EDSS, an extremely important endpoint for disability progression. Top line data release for CONFIRM continues to be expected in the second half of 2011, and we look forward to presenting more details from the DEFINE study in an upcoming medical meeting later this year.  BG-12 is the only compound currently in clinical trials for the treatment of MS that has been shown to activate the Nrf2 transcriptional pathway, a central mechanism of cellular defense against oxidative and metabolic stress. This pathway has shown anti-inflammatory properties in clinical trials and, experimentally, has demonstrated no protective effects. By increasing the activation of the Nrf2 pathway, BG-12 may prevent further cell damage and tissue loss in MS patients that can lead to symptoms of the disease. With that, I will pass the call back to Doug.
Alfred Sandrock: So the treatment effect, the reduction in annualized relapse rate compared to placebo was 53% with the BID dose of BG-12. And you're probably asking what the absolute annualized relapse rates are. I don't want to -- I mean, we're going to talk about this at a future meeting. I can tell you that when you see the results, they're pretty comparable with current sort of contemporaneous clinical trials in MS. So there are going to be no surprises there. In terms of comparison to other drugs, I hesitate to do that. There are no sort of head-to-head data. I told you what our relapse rate effect was compared with placebo, and you know what they are with the other drugs. So that's one common endpoint that you can use, perhaps, to get an idea. In terms of Laquinimod, the Phase III trial Laquinimod was positive on the primary endpoint. It was a fairly large study. And it showed statistically significant benefits using the primary endpoint, and I'm not going to say too much more about that. I think the trial was positive. In terms of cueday [ph], we did test cueday [ph] of BG-12 in the Phase II program. 120 milligrams once a day was less effective than the other two doses tested in the Phase II trial. And it was published in Lancet in 2009.
Alfred Sandrock: Yes, the CONFIRM study, you mean. I think that the study was powered -- that arm was basically a power to give an idea about how similar the effects might be. It was not powered for non-inferiority or for superiority. And given the new data that we have, I'll have to go back and see what the power is to show superiority. I haven't done that calculation yet.
Alfred Sandrock: Well, most of the data on neuroprotection comes from the animal experiment and in vitro experiments where we've demonstrated that you do see an activation of the Nrf2 pathway. And since that's a transcription factor in many of the genes that are regulated by Nrf2, we can see an increase in gene expression. When we're treating animals, we see anti-inflammatory effects. We also see protection of axon, as well as myelin from damage. And so we do believe that the drug does have very interesting neuroprotective properties, as well as anti-inflammatory properties. And we believe much of that emanates from the Nrf2 pathway activation.
Alfred Sandrock: Well, our attention really was to just sort of stick to the top line results. We showed all the secondary endpoint results. Brain atrophy is one of the exploratory endpoints, one of many exploratory endpoints. We'll get to those next, and I would love to tell you about it. I would not assume that just because we didn't talk about it that the results aren't favorable. And in terms of looking at regional effects, we haven't -- that's a few steps down the line in terms of our analysis plan.
Alfred Sandrock: Well, in terms of how minor they are, I mean, the vast majority of patients continue to take the drug even with these side effects. And in a way, these adverse events [indiscernible] for us. So they kind of go away on their own. And in fact, if you look at -- if you compare the incidence of these events between Phase I first month and the second month, you will already see quite a big reduction in the second month. And so -- and that was reported in the Phase II trial, and I can tell you so far, with our analysis of the Phase III program, we see something very similar.
Alfred Sandrock: Not sure we need to do that. I mean, in a way, the titration is sort of done by taking the drug and the events kind of spontaneously diminish with time.
Alfred Sandrock: The main intention of the combination study is to examine safety and tolerability. And in fact, that's the primary endpoint. And when you do that, it's always good to sort of look at the highest dose because if anything, when you go to a lower dose, that should improve. So since the main intention of safety and tolerability was just a quick look at efficacy by MRI, I think it makes sense to continue the trial as planned.
Alfred Sandrock: Yes. Look, it’s an ongoing regulatory process. We don't really want to comment on it. We are actively working on it. And we'll let you know when it's concluded. I think it's not appropriate to comment while it's still ongoing.
George Scangos: Thanks, Paul. This was quite a quarter. We've had good commercial results including increasing share for AVONEX in the ABCRE market for the first time in years and an increase in market share overall for TYSABRI, both of which led to a solid financial performance. We had very positive data for BG-12. We had a recommendation by the CHMP for an inclusion of JC virus antibody status as a risk factor for PML in the TYSABRI label in the EU. We had a positive CHMP opinion for the AVONEX PEN in the EU and marketing authorization from Health Canada. We had FDA approval for RITUXAN in Wegener’s Granulomatosis and Microscopic Polyangiitis, 2 severe forms of vasculitis. We dosed the first patient in the Phase III trial of dexpramipexole for ALS. And we continued our focus and our thoughtful resource allocation. All of that gives us a great start for 2011, and we're looking forward to a continued great year. Let me just conclude by saying that these results are the result of a lot of hard work and dedication and talent of a lot of employees here at Biogen Idec. And I just want to acknowledge the contributions that those employees have made and thank them for everything they've done for the company. So with that, we'll close the call and open -- we'll close our remarks and open up the call for questions.
George Scangos: It's important to say there's no safety signals in the data that we've analyzed thus far. We're still analyzing. And so far we're consistent with Phase II.
George Scangos: Yes. Obviously, we're working on formulation and we do that all the time. We're very happy that the BID dose is very positive here. I think that was the key issue for us. And of course, we'll keep looking on the formulation as we go forward. And we have some interesting data. But we'll talk about that when we're ready.
George Scangos: I think based on the current guidance information from the EU, certainly, the pediatric study is a requirement for filing. We're making that assumption and planning for it. We're looking at ways to accelerate the initiation of the pediatric study to sync off, if you will, with the adult study so that we can file that as timely as possible in the EU. That's not a requirement in the U.S., so we will file on the basis of the adult data in the U.S. and conduct the pediatric studies once we're completed with that. That's sort of standard procedure. So that's the process going forward. We're still on target for accruing all of the patients in 2011 and being able to have a first look at data in 2012 and filing quickly thereafter as we can.
George Scangos: Yes. Let me correct one part of your statement, which is that we have not had a reduction in TYSABRI starts. We've had an increase in TYSABRI starts. And we monitor that very carefully in the U.S. with the TOUCH program. We've seen an increase in discontinuations. I would say it's very hard to quantitate [ph] this just talking theoretically now as more and more patients know their antibody status, you might expect positive patients who have been on for 2 years, some of them to come off. You might expect more negative patients to actually begin TYSABRI. And we think net-net over time, that will result in an increase in TYSABRI utilization. I think the one important thing that happened this quarter, which in most quarters would've been the focus of the most of the questions is that we actually did get approval from the EU to put JC virus antibody status as a risk factor on the label. Once that's on the label, once the test is available, both of which are the case now in Europe, then we can actually talk to physicians and talk to -- make it clear to physicians and patients what their individual risk is likely to be. And we think once that's the case, we can really achieve the potential of TYSABRI. So I think that is a huge positive event for TYSABRI in EU and hopefully, we'll have similar events for the U.S. later this year --
Paul Clancy: Jeff, this is Paul. In quarters past, we're actually trying to keep the integrity of STRATIFY 2 trial in place. So we're actually not trying to disclose a lot of information on that. What I will tell everybody is STRATIFY 2 has had tremendous amount of interest. Obviously, between STRATIFY 1 and STRATIFY 2, we're at 20,000 patients enrolled, all of those in the United States. STRATIFY 1 is essentially 1,000, the balance of 19,000 is STRATIFY 2. So I mean, I think you can kind of get a sense for what is happening in the U.S. dynamics by that and put it against approximately the high 20,000 patients with respect to the number of patients inside the United States. Outside the United States, efforts are underway with respect to the gems [ph] but that is relatively small.
Paul Clancy: Hi Eric, thanks for the question. We -- just turn to the Phase II data that's been published in Lancet. And as George noted, the results in Phase III are pretty comparable to what we saw in Phase II in terms of adverse events. And in the Phase II trial, roughly 10% of people discontinued due to adverse events, and they were flushing and upper GI-type symptoms. What we saw the Phase III trial is pretty comparable to what people are seeing nowadays in terms of dropout rates in Phase III trials. And I forgot the second part of your question.
Paul Clancy: The combination. Yes. Well, the combination study continues. It's good to have options. I think at this point, we're going to wait for the CONFIRM trial and evaluate all the different things we could do at that point with BG-12.
