Kia Khaleghpour: Thank you, Melissa. Welcome to Biogen Idec's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. We've also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. As usual, we'll start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Words such as believe, expect, may, plan, will and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. Actual results could differ materially from our expectations, and you should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings slides, earnings release and in the risk factors section of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. Today on the call, I'm joined by Dr. George Scangos, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Francesco Granata, Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations; Dr. Doug Williams, Executive Vice President of Research; and Paul Clancy, Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. We'll also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President of Development. Now I'll turn the call over to George.
Kia Khaleghpour: Thanks, George. Melissa, we're ready to open up the call for Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Melissa, we're ready for the first question.
Kia Khaleghpour: That was our last question. Thank you for your participation in today's call. You may now disconnect.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thanks, Paul. So to quickly sum up the quarter, we're very pleased with the solid performance of both AVONEX and TYSABRI, and with the strong overall financial results. At the same time, we made excellent progress on the pipeline. We have numerous programs in late-stage that have the potential to bring meaningful products to patients. Some of these will make it to the market and we're therefore posed -- poised for considerable growth over the next 5 years. We've continued the transformation of the company, adding to our early-stage pipeline with the recent Portola transaction, as well as the promotion of Tony Kingsley to EVP of Commercial Operations. We've made solid progress on the goals we set out for ourselves at the beginning of the year and continue our positive momentum, clarity of mission and reinvigorated organization. Although we've accomplished a lot so far, we have a long way to go. We have to be and we will be focused on execution to make sure that we do our best for investors, ourselves and our patients, and effectively and efficiently move our late-stage pipeline through the clinic and registration and onto the market. Finally, I want to thank the many employees at Biogen Idec who worked long and hard to help us achieve our goals. Without their dedication and passion, the achievements of the year-to-date wouldn't have been possible.  So with that, we'll close our remarks and open up the call for questions.
George A. Scangos: Sure. Nice problem to have, isn't it? Yes. Look, I think it's important to remember, MS is not a homogeneous disease. Different patients -- some patients progress more than others, some patients more concerned with safety than others, some really focused on efficacy, some don't like needles. And so it's really a heterogenous patient population. And the neurologists who treat them have different views as well, some more focused on safety, some more focused on efficacy. And so we now have products that play in all the major segments -- or we will, assuming BG-12 gets onto the market. So AVONEX is a great product. It's been on the market 15 years. Now it's no side effects, it's safe, it's effective. And for a lot of patients, AVONEX will be a very good choice for them for -- we have the PEGylated AVONEX -- PEGylated Interferon coming, which if successful, could make that dosing much more convenient to patients and increase interest there. TYSABRI is amazingly efficacious product. And for patients who are really concerned about efficacy, who have more aggressive form of the disease, who really want to get in charge of their disease, TYSABRI is a great product. And we have the recent data now showing that earlier treatment with TYSABRI has -- leads to better long-term outcomes. So I think for an increasing number of patients, TYSABRI will be a very good choice. And BG-12, you saw the data. It's a remarkable compound. So there will be a large segment of the patient population, I believe, that will want on oral compound. Obviously, BG-12 is not the only oral compound that they'll have to choose from, but we believe BG-12 stacks up very well and will be a very strong competitor in this segment of the market for patients who want an oral therapy. So I think by having a variety of products like that for patients with different needs, different concerns, we can really maximize the total market share that we have.
George A. Scangos: Yes, look, I don't think we anticipate any meaningful changes in how we've been marketing our drugs at all. Francesco and Tony have been working closely together now for almost 2 years. They've both been part of the success that we've had so far. So I think we'll go on in much the same way as we have in the past. If it ain't broke, don't fix it, right? It's our strategy. Our execution has been working well so far, and we'll keep it up.
George A. Scangos: Yes, I have heard some concern from colleagues about putting people who are JCV antibody positive to other drugs that are immunomodulatory. That concern is, I think, natural. So -- but other than that, in terms of doing studies on that, we're not there.
Francesco Granata: And then we have staffed very appropriately in advance, all the global strategic functions and also the local markets to be prepared to conduct appropriate positioning and messaging study. So we are ready to move to the next step also by having the right staff in place, globally and locally.
Francesco Granata: And the other point is that, Paul, is some of the emerging markets, Brazil, but not only Brazil, Russia and other markets, clearly has an underdiagnosed and undertreated MS population. And we are -- again, our strategy is to strengthen our position in those market to be ready to capitalize and also work with physicians and patients to increase the level of awareness about the BG. So we expect that also these markets will contribute to, in part, to the emergence -- to the new patients pool availability.
Francesco Granata: As we outlined in the -- earlier, there are -- we have seen a few trends. One is the high-level of stability of patients who are virus-positive, and we expect this to continue, given the efficacy profile of the drug and given also the other risk factor which associated time and prior exposure to immunosuppressant. The other -- we have seen also an extended use of the JC virus on testing patients who are not on TYSABRI, which make us feel that there will be more patients who will be considered for TYSABRI use than before because of the JC virus assay. What we see in Europe is not very different from what we have seen in the United States. You should remember that Europe has a slightly higher use of immunosuppressant as a first-line therapy for MS than the United States. So it might be that the initial impact could be slightly different from the United States. But the key learnings that we have from the U.S. market has been shared with the European affiliates. So there is a more robust question in the asset management done by the reps whenever possible or by MSs. So we are really confident that the tool will become an important tool to expand the use of TYSABRI user and keep the right positive patients on the drug. I cannot comment on exact percentage. We are still investigating through market research. But, again, we're listing that TYSABRI will continue to be an important tool for patients and physician to treat MS.
Francesco Granata: Yes, again, thank you, George. I think strategy remains the same. Strategy goes from the right positioning of the drugs, first of all, the right pricing for the drugs, the right messaging for the drug and then the appropriate training and field force allocation, which is exactly what we have been doing to continue to co-position TYSABRI and AVONEX. Now we have another nice problem to have. And we are pretty sure that by continuing to fine-tune the strategy around those lines, again, right message; right positioning; right messaging; right field force training at the location; and clearly, rightsizing of the field force, we'll continue to be successful in this market.
Francesco Granata: I think that -- yes, a good question. I think, that it was, in part, answered by the previous questions. And thus, we have seen that what Gilenya has done is that it brought more patients back to the MS panel. And we have also seen that there is probably an increase of switches. The switches will occur a little bit earlier, switches for both efficacy and tolerability. And so we expect that this trend, given that there is a high expectation for oral drug, will continue to be in the market, and will probably expand a little bit. And on top of that, as I said before, there will be more patients coming from emerging markets, not all of them, because of the prevalence of the disease. But emerging market will have better diagnosis and will have also better healthcare system in the future. So we expect that there will be a continuous growth of the MS market because of this combined factoring. Particular, as you mentioned, for oral treatment, still noticing that there will be also some -- these remain for the high-efficacy end of that. And still, market will remain for also drugs that are well-established on the market because of their long-term established efficacy and safety profile. So we think we are in a very good market, and we are competing in this market with the right answer for all the patients and physicians.
Alfred Sandrock: This is Al Sandrock. The -- it's actually a joint rank score where you evaluate both the survival aspects, so the time to death, and you combine that with the ALSFRS. So it's really both a functional as well as survival outcome. And basically we call it a rank score because you rank patients. You first start by ranking patients based on when they die. And after you finish ranking patients based on that, then you rank them based on how fast they decline on the ALSFRS. Of course, we're looking for differences between dexpramipexole and placebo.
Alfred Sandrock: So this is Al. We have run a small study to evaluate the effects of drugs like aspirin to mitigate tolerability of BG-12. And as you know, we're not quite ready to talk about the results at this time. But I can tell you that we are -- we will soon be talking about it. We have completed the study. So, Doug, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Alfred Sandrock: Yes, that's actually -- I'd characterize that as a life cycle management study to look at the ability to consolidate pills and to make it easier for patients. So instead of 2 pills, it would be 1 pill.
Alfred Sandrock: Oh, and other indications, still noodling on that, I think, as a team at this point. But certainly, with neuroprotection, based on the mechanism, I think you can conjure up a few other potential indications that might make some sense.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, this is Paul. I think the insight that we have is probably very similar to what your understanding is, is that "quarter population" in the marketplace or -- and that they're very dissatisfied for a range of reasons. So that kind of the current injectable market, the current injectable product offerings, many patients don't like injectables for obvious reasons. Many patients have tolerability issues with handling the flu-like symptoms, particularly in the early course of treatment. Our estimates have been that those are at least 100,000 patients, kind of on the sidelines, potentially more than that. I think what we're seeing in the launch period of Gilenya is bringing some of those into the marketplace. Clearly, you've seen from them that at least half or more of their patients are coming from that pool. I think it bodes extremely well for BG-12 and the potential to launch into that marketplace, especially as BG-12 safety profile has this opportunity to differentiate itself in the kind of oral -- emerging oral segment.
Paul J. Clancy: Okay. I think that -- hey, Mark, I think that was pretty good. It's 1 question that had 3 parts to it, as best as I can tell. Look, it is at a high point now. I think we have -- we're starting to approach a level that is higher than cash balance that we've had in any point in time. It's a -- and I think the company's robust cash flow generation outlook actually is good for -- certainly continues on and potentially accelerates. We've had a track record of trying to be extremely disciplined, and our focus has been really all about trying to use that cash to drive the greatest amount of shareholder value. Clearly, over the last kind of number of months, we continue to look at it and trying to understand it. Nothing to report at this point. We review strategic opportunities, I think, fundamentally as a management team, as a board. We believe shareholder value creation happens with bringing in assets, pre-proof of concept, bias. And I think that's what we've shown over a long period of time with the evolution of our late-stage programs now. Many of those were deals that were done in a number of years ago in a very efficient way. So we'll continue to look at it, nothing to report, per se. But we have our eye on trying to be very disciplined, very strategic about kind of deploying that cash, a good high-class problem to have. With respect to kind of your specific question, I think nothing -- those opportunities aren't lost on us in terms of, are there ways to deploy it -- deploy cash to buy down future obligations? It really becomes, does it make sense? And is it a bid-and-ask type of thing? It really is very deal-specific and specific to each individual opportunity. And we'll be equally disciplined on that front as well.
Paul J. Clancy: And then, Geoff, let me give a little bit of background on your kind of question of Quest versus the trial. And you went through the deck, so you probably have these stats, but maybe for everyone. To date, going back to spring of 2010, we now have had over 59,000 patients globally that have been tested for the JCV antibody status. The highest proportion of that is STRATIFY 2. That is just under 34,000 patients. To your specific question on Quest versus STRATIFY 2, which is kind of really -- kind of, I think, the nub of your detailed question, which is in the United States, those are the 2 options. Quest is really just about 30 days in. So there is a de minimis amount of Quest assays through the third quarter. The majority are still STRATIFY 2 in the third quarter. And obviously the difference is, in STRATIFY 2 it's a limited number of sites. It's a big number of sites, but a limited -- it's not all the centers across the United States, whereas Quest allows that to happen. That hasn't really penetrated yet. Obviously, we're awaiting the PDUFA deadline in the United States, the extended PDUFA deadline in order to really kind of get that thing going. We had -- our objective always was to try to synchronize the label with the commercial availability in the United States. We've got the commercial availability a little bit prior to the label. Unilabs is outside the United States. That is about 20,000 tests to date. Of that 20,000, there were about 10,000 test -- assay tests in the third quarter alone. So that uptake in Europe, per se, has been very, very, very strong. And I kind of think it probably had, as we have alluded and Elan alluded, a bit of an impact on discontinuations. But it still is quite strong kind of patient growth, even in light of that in Europe. And as Francesco had noted, what we're now seeing is a migration to both naïves of non-TYSABRI patients being considered in Europe. Hopefully, that provides a little bit of color.
Paul J. Clancy: And then, Rachel, for the gross margins, I think -- broadly speaking, I think you have it right, is that there is probably unfavorable pressure in the short term on gross margins, driven by exactly what it was in Q3. And the PEN put a little bit of pressure on that. The assay, we're now funding that -- we're essentially funding that in Europe. We will be funding that in the United States, and that will impact the cost of goods sold line. And then this impact that we saw that helped out a little bit on revenue in terms of contract manufacturing comes with very high cost of goods sold. So -- but all of those, to some extent, will alleviate over the longer term, right? We hope to get the assay, particularly in the United States at some point in time, reimbursed through normal channels. The contract manufacturing, while it comes with high cost of goods sold in the short term, the longer-term impact of that is creating a far more efficient biologics manufacturing platform, a far more efficient in that has benefits through all of our products. And that shows up essentially around -- very correlated with the months of inventory that we have in the business, which is plentiful because of the nature of this business. And then we also do see improved margins down the road again, with kind of the opening up of the Denmark plants, and specifically third-party royalties avoidance on the TYSABRI products. So I think it all bodes well, but it just is a little bit longer term. In the short term, the assay, the PEN are very, very good investments. I view them as very, very good investments that are showing up and helping out the buoyancy of AVONEX and certainly risk stratification on TYSABRI penetration.
