George Scangos: Okay, thanks, Paul. We had a good 2010 and we intend to build upon that now as we move through 2011. We have five key goals for 2011. First, we plan to maximize our financial performance without compromising the long-term health of the business. Our 2011 goal is to deliver double-digit earnings growth, realizing the economic benefits of the restructuring we did last fall.  Second, we plan to grow our share of the MS market. Our 2011 goal is to grow AVONEX share in the ABCRE market and to continue to grow TYSABRI share overall. Third, we plan to aggressively pursue the serological assay and TYSABRI risk ratification efforts. Our 2011 goal is to provide these important insights to the neurology community subsequent to a label update.  Fourth, we plan to aggressively advance the late-stage pipeline. Our 2011 goals include filing an NDA for BG-12, completing the enrollments in the Peginterferon Phase III trial, completing and communicating the final results of the select daclizumab Phase II registrational trial, continuing to advance the Phase III daclizumab design trial, initiating [ph] Phase III trial and completing enrollment in our Factor VIII and Factor IX physical trial. In addition, we’ll aggressively explore external opportunities to enhance our portfolio, and we now have in place a team that can do that thoughtfully and effectively.  Fifth and finally, our plan calls for continuing to drive true cultural change at Biogen Idec, building on a new sense of urgency and nimbleness at the company. So before I close, I want to thank all of Biogen Idec's employees for their contributions, without which we couldn't achieve our goals and for the positive and productive attitude with which they've embraced our new vision. We've had quite a bit to be excited about and are looking forward for 2011 and beyond.  So with that, we'll close our remarks and open up the call for questions.
George Scangos: The $300 million savings as well as the EPS target that Paul said earlier, both having in them a certain amount of money for business development transactions. Certainly, I'm not going into what that is as many partners might be listening to the call here. But there' are certain amount of money in there and we, as Paul said, I think all of us are agnostics. We need the best pipeline we can get. We have several interesting compounds in the pipeline already, we need to strengthen it further. We will do that both by evaluating internal and external opportunities. And basically, we view R&D and business development as one big budget and that's the amount of money we have in order to build and move forward our pipeline and we'll try and use it often.
George Scangos: And remember that the population is not just positive and negative. There are two other risk factors already on the label, duration and prior [ph]. So we'd like to be able to let patients and physicians know what their relative risk is depending on what set of risk factors they have and currently three that are on the label, JC virus, antibody status and hopefully additional risk factors in the future. And so -- but we can't really comment on the specific to that as we go throughout the regulatory process. That's certainly the goal.
George Scangos: Well, over time, to get back to the last question, we would like to be able to provide information to patients and physicians about the relative risk, which we anticipate will be obviously lower in the JC-negative population than in the JC-positive population. So that patients can make the appropriate decisions together with their physicians. So we wouldn't -- as the risk-benefit of TYSABRI obviously will be different for people who have different risks, and so they can make the appropriate decision. We imagine over time, and potentially increase in the negative population. We want to make sure we get that on the label, and we do this in the way that's obviously consistent with all of the guidance and regulations. So far, there are 13,700 patients who have been tested on STRATIFY 2 so that's the total, there's another 1,000 on STRATIFY 1. And so that's the total number of TYSABRI patients or patients who know their JC virus factor.
George Scangos: And just to give you a sense of how the time line plays and how we get to six to seven months is, essentially, we have to get a new rapporteur and co-rapporteur named. We have 60 days to actually submit essentially our response to the initial action of the regulatory agency. They then have 60 days to decide whether they're going to uphold the original rejection or essentially take our position on this, and then there's an additional 67-day period whereby the central body has an opportunity to vote on this and give a final recommendation. So that's how we get to the all in six-to-seven-month time line.
George Scangos: Doug has obviously, I think, demonstrated over the years his ability to be very discerning among targets and developing drugs that have an impact on the immunological system but that will be part of our focus as we go forward, it has been, and that will continue to be part of our focus. I think Doug, as you probably know, I mean together with Al and other people have broad, I think, scientific insight that spans not only immunology, but also neurology and the other areas we're interested in. So certainly we'll continue to focus on immunological things and the anti-inflammatory aspects. But not only that, obviously, we have to be focused on neurology as well, so we'll see. We're happy to have Doug here as a very seasoned, a very successful R&D head, and who will not only take our internal projects forward, but I think help us in a very thoughtful analyses of opportunities we see on the outside.
Paul Clancy: That is a royalty that we are entitled to. It is small, single-digit. It is kind of embedded in there. It isn't a significant mover of -- kind of the determination of our revenue outlook for next year, but we're still, nevertheless, cheering for a great performance for BeneFIX over the long term.
Paul Clancy: Yes, let me take that, and then I'll ask George to kind of give a broader perspective on business development. Look, in AVONEX our objective, I kind of point you to that, is to begin to move -- take this -- what we've done in terms of abated the share loss in the ABCR market and actually move it towards share gains. It's kind of unclear whether or not that segment will actually grow or not, but that is our objective is to actually try to begin share gains across the world in the ABCRE kind of segment of the marketplace. I don't think our expectations are meaningful unit gains when you combine what's going on in the United States, with natural kind of unit growth that continues outside the United States. The $300 million target savings is pure savings. I think our thinking on that is that as we brought in new people, Doug, Steve as well, in the business development front, we look to be agnostic as we've talked about in terms of pursuing internal or external opportunities, and we'll make trade-offs along the way.
Paul Clancy: Rachel, this is Paul. Let me just answer the first part of that and I'll turn it over to Doug and Al on the other specific. Just on the STRATIFY 2, I mean, there's certainly interest, as we understand, as we all have interest in trying to understand what patients are doing as they get their STRATIFY 2 information. That's an open label, physicians and patients in essence get their zero positive or zero negative status. We are not kind of looking at that to try to preserve the integrity of that trial for the time being. So when the information is ready to be communicated broadly to the medical community, we'll do that. But I think we’re trying to make this study very, very important for the long-term health of TYSABRI. I'll turn it over to Doug and Al.
Paul Clancy: This is Paul, Robyn. For planning purposes and going forward, we don't assume pricing. So specifically on the guidance, what's embedded is simply what has already been taken in the marketplace. What we see in the marketplace, with respect to overall market growth, is low-single-digit in the United States for the market and kind of higher single-digit outside the United States. I think one thing to point to, that's interesting is that we have seen with the new entrants that it has the potential to expand the market. So we don't, per se, have that built into our forecast, but that's a heartening kind of early indicator in a dynamic in the marketplace.
Paul Clancy: Yes, this is Paul. I'll start with the back-end of your questions. The guidance assumes essentially where we ended the year with respect to shares. So on an ongoing basis, we have essentially assumed share stabilization. The use of cash and the robust cash flow generation the company puts us in this very enviable position. We'll continue to really review strategic opportunities for the company. We have a new team here in place that is very adept and very experienced at that in really try to build and enrich the pipeline. If we have excess cash flow, we'll look towards returning that the shareholders and the most appropriate way. But I think the way you framed it as the potential of upside is probably the decent way to think about it. We just don't want to get the SKUs too far ahead of our nose on that one. With respect to pricing, the dynamic that you're maybe seeing is kind of an FX or the hedge gains that will cut down on a year-to-year basis. So when you strip that apart, I do think on the AVONEX business, we're seeing pull through. And then on the TYSABRI business, I think it's accurate, it's a little bit less of realization of the price changes.
Paul Clancy: The other thing I'd add is, we always talk about and kick around these numbers that there is such precision. We feel very comfortable that the data in the United States both on touch forms, which are in kind of an analogue to prescriptions as well as discontinuations, are pretty robust. In that when we articulate the U.S. information, it's based off of the risk management program, and it's pretty good. Outside the United States, when we provide total worldwide information, it's actually the triangulation of information, including shipments and units and country-by-country data. And that would extend also to the patient utilization numbers that you referred to at the beginning of your math, I think that kind of 77,000 number. So I think we just want to be guarded by taking those and then driving it down to very, very specific trends. These are kind of broad, particularly outside the United States, broad kind of unit trends and patient trend numbers.
Paul Clancy: Yes, we would like to eventually get to an incidence figure in the antibody positive population as well as the antibody negative population. And in terms of what the regulators will require, I'd rather not comment on that because we are right in the middle of sort of our regulatory process. We have had conversations with them and we have filed. So we are making progress but, obviously, but probably best not to comment.
Paul Clancy: I actually no kind of thought to add to it. So we don't plan for it in terms of anything for the next year's guidance, as well as going forward, we kind of plan at a very low level.
Douglas Williams: I think as far as the magnitude of the response that we would like to see in the combination studies, it's sure hard, we'll be thinking about sort of the magnitude that's important. But I think what's key here is that we've got different mechanisms of action that we're combining. We've got an agent that has neuroprotective effects and some modest immunomodulatory activity. We'll be looking at that in combination with the interferons as well as Copaxone and obviously, we'll be looking at improved performance in terms of EDSS and the usual parameters that we measure in MS studies.
Douglas Williams: Jeff, in terms of the frequency of repeat testing, we believe that annually is reasonable, but we'll see what the regulatory authorities, whether or not they agree.
Douglas Williams: Let me try crack at it and then maybe George can finish up. I think that the key thing to remember is that there's two positive Phase III trials and so the data are quite robust. And as a clinician, ambulation is very important in multiple sclerosis. And so, I think, those are the things that we need to point out. The other thing is that there's a patient reported outcome, a validated outcome called MSWS-12, which confirmed the fact that this increase of 25% from baseline in walking speed in the responders is clinically meaningful. And so these are the things that I think we need to point out and make sure that the CHMP fully understands the data.
