Kia Khaleghpour: Thank you and welcome to Biogen Idec second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go the Investor section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we’ll discuss today. We’ve also posted slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on today’s call. As usual, we’ll start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements that are subject to risk and uncertainties. Words such as believe, expect, may, plan, will and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements.  Actual results could differ materially from our expectations and you should carefully review the risk and uncertainties that are described in our earnings slide, financial release and in the Risk Factors section of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligations to publicly update any forward-looking statements. Today on the call, I’m joined by Dr. George Scangos, Chief Executive Officer of Biogen Idec; Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President of Neurology Research & Development; and Paul Clancy, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance.  Now, I’ll turn the call over to George.
Kia Khaleghpour: Thanks George. Operator, we’re ready to open up the call for Q&A. We’ll ask that you please limit yourself to one question and then reenter the queue for follow-up question. Please state your name and your company affiliation. Operator, we’re ready for the first question.
Kia Khaleghpour: Okay. I believe we’ve finished our time for our today’s call. I want to thank everybody for the participation on the call.
George Scangos: Okay, thanks, Paul. But this is my – the beginning of my forestay at the company, so obviously I had nothing to do with the Q2 results. So I’d like to be the first to congratulate the company here on a solid Q2 performance. The products on which that performance provide a real benefit to patients and I’m quite optimistic about their potential as we move into the future.  Now having said that, the realization of that potential is dependent on our ability to execute, making sure that we move aggressively and thoughtfully, to maximize the benefits that our compounds can provide the patients and the returns that they can provide to our investors is the top priority here. As Paul stated, the company began more aggressive marketing efforts at the beginning of the year and will continue to strengthen the focus on AVONEX and push-forward with patient stratification to make sure that both AVONEX and TYSABRI reach the maximum number of appropriate patients. I’m also pleased to have several high potential compounds in development. And, again, we have to focus on the high potential part of the pipeline and make sure that we execute. We’re also quite focused on costs, which we are – we need to contain. So, in the coming months, I’ll outline steps that we’re taking to maximize near, mid, and long-term revenues at the same time that we keep our costs under control. I’ll look forward to updating you all on our progress as those plans evolve. And, with that, we’ll close the remarks and be happy to open up the call for questions. Kia.
George Scangos: Sure. Let me take the first question first. We’ve begun a search for a Head of R&D. We will carryout that search aggressively and the goal is to get someone in here as quickly as we can. I think Al and his colleagues have done a good job, has taken R&D forward in the absence of an R&D Head, but we need a unified presence here to go forward with the right priorities across the different therapeutic areas and we’ll get that done ASAP. Now, I forgot your second part of that question.
George Scangos: Reinvigoration in the organization. I – look, I think there is a – it’s interesting. Since I’ve been here – this is as I said my fourth day, what are my initial impressions here is that people here are anxious, willing, and certainly capable of moving the company aggressively.  Company hasn’t had a CEO in a while, hasn’t had an Head of R&D in a while. And I think right now we have the ability to convince still a sense of urgency or as I a bring out a latent sense of urgency and – across the organization and down into the troops of the organization to really be aggressive about accomplishing the goal, so talking really about cultural change, and I think the underpinnings here are quite solid, and it won’t be that hard to do that.
George Scangos: Sure. I think we have one of the goals of – that we have and certainly any company like us has is to build the best pipeline that we can and certainly to get the most for the R&D dollars that we spend and I think we have to look equally on the inside and the outside for that and we have to weigh our internal programs against what’s available on the outside. And I don’t think any company has the best of every projects, right?  And so we have to make sure that we’re across the industry and as well as an academia to bring in the projects that we think will strengthen our pipeline and to make sure that we’re spending our dollars wisely. So I don’t look at external projects and I don’t think the organization should any differently from internal projects, we can’t have a non-invented hear syndrome, we have to completely objective and spend our money to get the most bank for the buck.
George Scangos: Well, yes, I mean, I do have some experience in the hemophilia market. I still want to pass myself off as a bona fide expert here, because I’m not. But I worked that bear for many years and we got factor VIII, recombinant factor VIII on the market was the first recombinant factor VIII replacing the plasma drive was my unit that did that there. I can tell you that the frequency of administration is a major consideration for patients with hemophilia and providing continuous coverage in a prophylactic setting is important. And I don’t know the current percentage, but I do know that that percentage is affected by the convenience of administration. So with a longer acting factor VIII, we could expect to see an uptick in the prophylactic use of the compound, I would speculate. The factor IX, long-acting factor IX with a threefold longer half life if that is worn out in the Phase III trial, that really does provide a meaningful benefit for those patients. The other part of this obviously is the safety of the compounds and the you know some hemophilia patients developed neutralizing antibodies against the clotting factors, factor VIII or factor IX, and so we’ll continue to monitor for the presence of those antibodies as well.
George Scangos: Yes, I don’t know the reason why I back the late – the data with which I was familiar a number of years ago seem to indicate that the – let’s say the frequency of development of inhibitory antibodies was related to the type of mutation that patients had in factor VIII that those patients who had a mutation which resulted in a very little or no factor VIII itself or more likely to develop antibodies in those patients who had virtually intact protein which was not functional for some reason very rarely develops inhibitory antibodies. So factor VIII is an incredibly complex, very large protein with lot of different mutations that leads to hemophilia and I suspect that’s the reason why there’s inhibitor information.
George Scangos: And, Wei, we just don’t have a lot of clarity about whether or not new adds are affected by the antibody assay at this time. We just launched these large clinical utility studies and so. We’ll get more information I think as time goes on.
George Scangos: Well, I can tell you, we’ve received the consolidated list of questions and we’re on track to answer them according to our originally timetable. And so, you know, in terms of pre-market activities, we’re basically discussing with neurologist how they would use drugs. And that’s basically it.Joel Sendek – Lazard Capital Markets: Okay.
Al Sandrock: Well, I think that there’s enthusiasm in both studies. We were kind of concentrating on STRATIFY 1, because we – the first thing we wanted to do is to confirm the prevalence rate, the zero prevalence rate that we’ve seen in STRATA and TYGRIS. And, second, we wanted to get another read on the false negative rate. So we concentrated our efforts on STRATIFY 1. It is a little bit more cumbersome, because they have to provide urine and plasma, as well as serum, but it enrolled very, very well, and I think we’ll see an uptick in STRATIFY 2.Eric Schmidt – Cowen and Company: Great, thanks a lot.
Al Sandrock: Yes, I guess, I mean, in April, we had a very good meeting at the American Academy of Neurology I think. We first of all said that the JCV DNA doesn’t increase in any sort of matrix that we measured, blood, mono nuclear cells, serum, or urine, and this is sort of is contrary to what people have been reporting. And so, we showed data well in over 1400 patients, thousand – tens of thousands of sample tested and we didn’t see evidence of JC viral reactivation. That may have helped some people to think about it.  And, second – and, of course, we also – I gave a talk on the antibody test. I think that’s why people have enrolled very vigorously in STRATIFY 1 and STRATIFY 2. I think the other thing is, I think there’s been some comfort, because we’ve been – our communication is transparent. We have the monthly updates, there’s no – there are no big surprises here, and I think the transparency and communication with the monthly updates, the regular updates may have also helped.
Al Sandrock: So basically the trial didn’t meet pre-specified hurdles of efficacy. That was the main reason. And, in terms of adverse events, we saw no surprises. If anything we saw less flushing actually than we’ve seen in the MS trial. So really there’s a fact that we have these pre-specified hurdles. As you know, they’re quite high for RA, as there are some very effective drugs out there, just didn’t meet those hurdles.
Al Sandrock: Well, that will be remain to be seen. Our B-LONG trial can enroll people ages 12s and older. And so there is a pediatric population that would be eligible for B-LONG.
Al Sandrock: That will require further discussion. A lot relates to feasibility and what the regulators will require.
Al Sandrock: That’s our – that’s our current belief, yes. And those guidances are draft and the – it’s true that the EMEA is getting very – they have very strict rules now about pediatric studies prior to approval, but the studies have to be feasible. And, you know, would they delay the approval of a substantially beneficial drug for patients that could reduce infusions to as little as once weekly, would they delay that in favor of asking for people pediatric study for people under 12.
Al Sandrock: In terms of communication, it’s on the – it’s online in the new label. It’s also included in our monthly update that that physicians who are – who have – who are licensed physicians can go into our website and look at. And, of course, we hand these out on request to physicians. So that’s what we do. I don’t think we should be giving a very strict advice on what to do with patients.  I think each patient should be treated individually, their own set of issues that lead to a benefit risk assessment. And so, I would never want to tell a doctor for giving advice based on a single risk factor. If their MS is severe enough and they haven’t responded to other treatments, they should still consider TYSABRI. And so it’s an individual benefit risk decision.Rachel McMinn – Bank of America: Okay, thanks very much.
Al Sandrock: Yes, we don’t – I think the second question was difference in behavior based on the serology test. We don’t have a lot of data on that yet. We will be looking at that more carefully as time goes on.  And in terms of the regulatory strategy, we have had some interactions with regulators in the US and in Europe, but the key regulatory meetings are going to be coming up actually in the fall. And so, at that time, our regulatory strategy will become clear. We do have some very good ideas on where we want to go, but the clarity will come in the fall.
Paul Clancy: Yes, the TYSABRI – I think what you’re referring to on TYSABRI revenue, I tried to really point out in the remarks is, in the United States is, really simply a function that in the US we set a purchase price prior to the quarter, that purchase price going into Q2 was lowered as the result of the fact that we were using product material, cost of goods sold, material that was previously expensed in the collaboration. That washed out on the gross margin line and actually it benefited on the gross margin line and a benefit to the bottom line. So it’s really just a function of the intramurals in the P&L.
Paul Clancy: So, tax rate, I think the best way to think about it is the benefit that we’ve seen year-to-date will be effected in the full-year tax rate. I think we’ll be at the lower end of my previous range. I think it’s appropriate on a non-GAAP basis to be thinking about tax rate for the full year – for the balance of the year in the 27% to 28% range.  Share count, we haven’t given guidance, but we ended with 20.8 million less – we took in 20.8 million shares in the quarter, we made some progress, a continued progress over the last two weeks, another 4.7 million shares approximately up till the filing of the Q. So, I think that that’s the best I can give you on the share count.  With respect to the new patient adds, I don’t think that we’ve discerned the difference or bifurcated the difference between how much came from the trials versus how would have come naturally. The insight on that I think are actually hard to discern.
Paul Clancy: With respect to the price to Elan, we actually don’t disclose that. What I would help you with is that this phenomenon that we saw in the second quarter with respect to working through some prior material that was expensed will continue into the third quarter. I mean, so that hopefully can help with respect to that. Al, the other question was –
Paul Clancy: Let me take the first part of the question, with respect to TYSABRI rest of the world sales on a sequential basis. Actually the hedge gain was modest. The hedge, the foreign exchange impact was not. And that kind of goes back to simply the approach that we have with hedging that it’s disproportionately attributed to AVONEX versus TYSABRI. So if you strip out the – those two impacts, actually the sequential quarter-to-quarter did grow as it related to the rest of the world sales.
