Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Jeff. We closed the third quarter with double-digit revenue and earnings growth versus a year ago, an exciting progress across our pipeline. And last week we launched a new biosimilar. Looking forward within the next 12 to 18 months, we expect further progress across our neuroscience pipeline, including Eisai's presentation of the BAN241 data this week at CTAD and assessing next steps. Data readouts across Alzheimer's, including the final Phase 3 data for aducanumab, as well as MS, PSP, ophthalmology and ALS and filing for regulatory approval in the U.S. for BIIB098 in MS. And using the updated NURTURE data as the most recent example, we continue to see compelling evidence across the neuroscience landscape that leads us to believe we are at the beginning of a period of transformative breakthroughs in the treatment of neurological diseases. We believe we are uniquely positioned to benefit from these potential breakthroughs and Biogen score is to be the long-term leader in neuroscience. To deliver [ph] on our aspiration we remain focused on executing well on strategic priorities to fortify our in MS and SMA and allocate capital to expand and progress our neuroscience pipeline, while opportunistically returning capital to shareholders. Finally, I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bringing innovative therapies to patients over the long-term. These demands [ph] as we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure, as well as aim for super returns from the investment we are making. Once again, I would like to thank our employees around the world, who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patient’s lives. And all of the physician [indiscernible] and participants in our clinical development programs [ph], our past and future achievements could not be realized without their passion and commitment. With that, we’ll open the call for questions.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the question, Umer. We have seen the data obviously, but we have two days to wait for the 25th in Barcelona. So we have to be patient and Eisai’s presentation we give a slide on the next steps. Please understand. Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: If I may, this is Michel. I just wanted to add that we are adding momentum in the U.S. in penetrating the idle h population. And this was unsure at the beginning of the year, uncertain at the beginning of the year and ex-U.S. we have staggering launches in different geographies and if in some, we may see some of the effect we are seeing in the U.S., following the first year of dosing. There are plenty of countries that are being here where we are launching. We just filed in China, for example, we are unlocking patient population also in Latin America. We are doing extremely well in Japan and continue to well in core Europe. So the momentum is good, but again, the biggest satisfaction is the implementation capability in the U.S. in the 65% of the market that has adult [ph] population.
Michel Vounatsos: Unfortunately we will not be able to comment on price. We see the magnitude and the frequency of price being taken in the marketplace in the past, but we cannot comment on the future. Thanks for understanding.
Michel Vounatsos: So this is not the first entity in there that is being launched in Europe, this is the third one. And I would say the purchase pattern and the journey is well set for those countries in terms of two big categories. The one that – from tenders and the one for which decision is left more the physician levels. So we anticipate that to be adalimumab biosimilar we’ll penetrate [ph] at least as strong as the previous one, even stronger. And I would like to remind you that we are the only company having the three anti-TNFs in the marketplace. So the team is already motivated, supply is ready and while we speak prescriptions are going up.
Michel Vounatsos: So we were able somehow together with the physicians to deliver 30,000 dosing of SPINRAZA during the past month is because in real world there is an efficacy perception at the patient level. So its an efficacy play for those patients who are just the right [indiscernible] and the convenience comes after, this is what is being was backed by the customers. So with 3000 patients being dosed and more than 300 patients in clinical trial, we had a body of evidence that is still difficult to match for the time being.
Michel Vounatsos: So if you look at the momentum that Biogen is able to deliver, year-to-date, if I am not mistaken is 12% on the topline and with leverage P&L. This was not anticipated two years ago because of OCREVUS launch, because of limited potential of SPINRAZA, because of neglected biosimilars and the rest. And here we are. So we're not on a burning platform and the level of rigor and alignment to the strategy, to the scientific validity, to the IP and to financials criteria remained very rigorous within the organization and even more importantly, we have some very important readouts in the coming months. So in the meantime we deliver, we tightened the belt and we're evaluating opportunities, but in a very best manner.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the great question. And the first I would like to say that we are pleased with the momentum behind TEC . I think this is important. So TEC will remain always front end center. We are doing well. We grow the volume even if we price, we face some crushing pressure in part of the world like in Europe and we have increasing competition. So BIIB098 will offer the opportunity eventually to have a an upgrade in terms of safety profile and GI safety and this will be eventually the low hanging fruit that we aim to move further. And the team is working towards the longer term lifecycle management opportunities that these product offers beyond the fumarate. So is what we're working on. But we are very excited about this opportunity and to expand our leading share of orals, but beyond the fumarate market. So looking forward to this filing and potentially launch towards the end of ‘19 or early 2020.
Michel Vounatsos: So at this stage, I would like to close the call by saying a very exciting times that Biogen we are looking forward to the data readouts and I thank you all for attending our call today. Have a good day.
Al Sandrock: Hi Geoff, its Al Sandrock. Well, I wouldn't read too much into that statement about final analysis. We're not commenting on whether or not we're going to do an interim analysis and help you understand the main reason for that is that we want to maintain clinical trial integrity. On the drivers for EVOLVE, it really wasn't driven by a regulatory request. It was our desire to see whether or not MRI monitoring was necessary. So in this study you know, what we're looking - what we're doing is, all symptomatic ARIA is being addressed the way it is now in the current clinical trials. It's really how you deal with the asymptomatic ARIA, which is what the study is looking at and whether or not the MRI monitoring that's being done is actually necessary. And so that's the main purpose.
Al Sandrock: And Geof, just commenting on the question on SPINRAZA treatment persistence across SMA types. In our experience, essentially there's been a very durable and persistent treatment effect of SPINRAZA across all types.
Al Sandrock: Hi, Matthew. I'll take that question. I mean, we're not really going to comment on ongoing FDA interactions. I would say of course those interactions are program specific, but we won't really discuss details about those interactions at this point.
Al Sandrock: Hi. This is Al. I’ll take the first part. We're not commenting on regulatory interactions, that we’re basically in the middle of right now, so I can't answer your first question, sorry.
Al Sandrock: Yes. So thanks for the question on this. So you know, right now on the XLRS program, we recall that this is a collaborative program with AGTC. The kind Phase1/2 trial is ongoing. This is an adult subsequent [ph] XLRS and at the moment we are anticipating that we could get a data readout projected in the first part of next year or so. But of course, these are always dependent on timing and enrolment of the right subjects. We're also very interested in no differences for example in the adult versus pediatric population this disease or some heterogeneity. As you may know in kind of the path of - pathology in XLRS because it has to do with exact location of the retina, specific visual endpoints you need and so forth. But to date the program is on track.
Jeff Capello: Hi, Geoff. Its Jeff. So from a pricing perspective in U.S. and MS, we had a slight benefit from a pricing perspective in the U.S. that benefited our products within the quarter based on pricing increases earlier in the year.
Jeff Capello: Yes. So thanks for the question. So you know, I think the nice position we're in is given our cash flows, we generate $1.7 billion of cash flow for the quarter again which is strong cash flow and given our net debt position. We have the luxury of being able to do both, both to invest in the business from a pipeline perspective and return capital to shareholders. So we've now done eight acquisitions and licensing type deals/acquisitions since Michel is been CEO, so we’re very encouraged by that and we expect to do more. A lot of that been done kind of in the - in the early to mid stage. We'd love to get something later stage done. But we also have ample cash capacity to return capital to shareholders. We bought back $10 billion of stock over the last couple of years and I would just remind investors that we have a new $3.5 billion share repurchase program that the board has recently authorized. So we have ample capacity to do both. Certainly we would be a preference to get more done in the pipeline and get more done that’s later stage. So certainly that would be kind of the focus or the preference, but we have the capacity to do both.
Jeff Capello: Thanks. So with regard to the tax rate, we're currently running at low 20% tax rate, as I mentioned in the script. We did mention when tax reform first got implemented that we expected the tax rate to come down again in 2019, as a result of some accounting factors that are more unique to kind of how our tax works around the world. We still expect that to be the case and we'll be able to provide you a more specific expectation on that when we release guidance in January for 2019. In terms of operating expenses, as I mentioned you know, we expect the fourth quarter to tick up a little bit as we continue to invest in the pipeline and drives some of the growth that we're seeing from a commercial perspective in SMA. We're still in the middle of kind of going through our planning process for next year. What I can share with you is based on the strength of our lean and simple cost savings initiative, we expect to take money out of kind of the G&A area and invest that back into the pipeline, grow our spend and our and our projects with regard to R&D. So we are very committed to that continuing to increase the innovation in neurology of the company.
Michael Ehlers: And I'll take the question on the Roche oral and SMA commitment, I mean just to be completely clear we remain highly committed to SMA. We follow other programs and experimental therapeutics and development. We are aware of the data that Roche and PTC have presented around their oral compound. We know that the field is very interested in the long-term safety and tolerability of that compound as are we. I would say that our - the most recent NURTURE data that I mentioned really highlights the compelling efficacy profile of SPINRAZA and you know, when we look across just the clinical experience to date, I would remind that while we were very interested in - I think it's roughly 21 Type 1, 35 Type 2, Type 3 patients in the Roche PTC study, it had nearly 6000 patients for close to up to six years in some instances of patients on SPINRAZA. So we have the largest body of clinical evidence for any SMA therapy.
Michael Ehlers: So Michael, we’re pretty excited about the launch, the team has already hit the ground. I think they're very well-prepared and we'll see some contribution, we believe in the in the fourth quarter. You know, a lot of those contracts, big contracts in Europe are tenders that take a little bit while to kind of ramp up. That's why you won't see as much of an impact in the fourth or quarter. There's also some pricing pressure across some of the other two lines that we’re - there on. So it kind of negates the benefit we'll get - expect to get from a morality perspective. But we think this business has the opportunity to potentially double over the next couple of years based on morality and we'd like as we said before based on a relationship with Bioepis to add more compounds. So we believe that this is a good growth opportunity for us and we're quite excited about the future.
Michael Ehlers: So Phil, maybe I'll start another may have a comment here too. I mean, in essence we – we’re very confident in what we see with the clinical data on SPINRAZA. We're encouraged by the - the ongoing studies in teens and adults that we see in the access, including in complex spine patients, SPINRAZA. But we're very aware of the other competitive programs out there. It's early days and in lot of those. And like I mentioned we know the field is very interested in the long-term safety and tolerability of the orals. We know that there are questions around the dose selection that will ultimately be used there. And to date it's a relatively small number of patients, but we are certainly staying aware of it.
Michael Ehlers: Okay. So this is Michael. I'll try to take some of that. Thank you by the way for the question. I mean, as we show - I mentioned and so we do have a number of upcoming data readouts at different stages across the pipeline that have, I’d say different ramifications. A few things that we noted there is that we will start getting data on our BIIB67, SOD1 ALS program either towards the end of the year or early next year. This we think will be important primarily as a second leasing ASO program, in this case an adult indication with a different mechanism of action in the RNase H mediated knockdown of a pathological gene target. So we're very interested to see the biomarker and potential clinical efficacy data from that. That likewise has the potential to influence our thinking on other genetic targeted ASO programs like BIIB078, like I mentioned C9ORF72 positive ALS, as well as our tau ASO program which is currently in Phase 1 study in Alzheimer's disease. But I see there are more. We are - we have been very successful in advancing our BIIB092 program in progressive super nuclear policy. This is obviously a rare severe orphan disease. So I think this could give us an accelerator opportunity. And beyond that we're – we’ve initiated our Phase 3 study in BIIB093, so that will be ongoing. And although it's really first of its kind you know, we're very encouraged by the responsive side. And of course, you know, we announced that earlier this year that we completed enrolment in ENGAGE and EMERGE - aducanumab which is an 18 month dosing period study. That among others I think constitute an array of upcoming data readouts and have the potential to create significant excitement.
Michael Ehlers: Okay, thanks, Ronny for the questions and I’ll try to take these briefly. On BIIB104 what we were encouraged by there was - was really a quite differentiated and tight pharmacokinetic profile and safety profile that have been reserved both pre-clinically and clinically. It was really quite different from previous or earlier generation AMPA PAMs. So to date the clinical and preclinical data that have been seen have supported a favorable tolerability profile, as well as showing indications of efficacy in a few different clinical studies and of different designs in the domain of working memory and cognition. So we think there are differentiating features that have to do with some of the very specific pharmacology of this compound versus others previously in the class. So we think is differentiated. On BIIB093, we won't talk about an interim analysis on that, but I would say is that we have had a very strong response on site engagement, site activation and investigator interests because obviously there has been really no alternative for patients having a large hemispheric infarc.
Michael Ehlers: If that's not asking, but I’ll just say that on BIIB098 we have used data from the Part A of the study to inform Part B where we've expanded the patient - patient number in the head to head study against TECFIDERA, where again we anticipate that we'll be able to file on this data this year looking an approval potentially in the first half of next year or mid next year.
