Michel Vounatsos: Thank you so much, Jeff. Biogen continued to demonstrate strong execution this quarter. We again delivered solid financial results, made strong progress advancing our strategy of building a multi-franchise portfolio and importantly one step closer to a potential approval for aducanumab as the first therapy to reduce clinical decline in Alzheimer’s disease. I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns for our shareholders and bringing innovative therapies to patients now and over the long term. This requires that we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately, as we have demonstrated in the past we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure as well as aim for superior returns from the investments we make. Finally, our organization takes it very seriously the recent racial injustice events and the considerable health inequity that still exists as highlighted by the COVID-19 crisis. Now more than ever, we are focused on advancing our broader purpose as an organization as we aim to pioneer science for the betterment of humanity. This includes doing the right thing for patients, our employees, the environment and the community; all of which we believe contribute to long-term sustainable shareholder value. This also includes accelerating our efforts in diversity and inclusion across the organization Biogen was already taking a leading position from hiring to the way we conduct clinical trials and working to ensure that the most vulnerable have access to our therapies. I am proud of what Biogen stands for and I believe this approach positions us well to be a sustainable organization over the long term as we remain focused on being the leader in neuroscience to address the tremendous societal needs in this space. Again, I would like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients’ lives, including ensuring access to our therapies during these challenging times. With that, we will open the call for questions.
Michel Vounatsos: So we did support the preclinical study with BAN2401 while we focused on the filing for aducanumab. We will revert back on lifecycle management opportunities during the entire continuum of the disease for patients once we have a readout and answer from the FDA on how we move forward.
Michel Vounatsos: Yeah, thank you for the question. And I share the disappointment for the performance to date on VUMERITY and you can anticipate that based on the patent life that we have, we are working on lifecycle management opportunities for the long run. We did launch VUMERITY in December and we had encouraging platforms start forms and then COVID came, and this impacted significantly the patients' new starts and the switches. So we did not anticipate when we launched in December that three months down the road, there will be COVID. And at that time, you will remember because you asked few times the question, the strategy was not a switch strategy, it was a fumarate strategy to enhance the share of the fumarates and the results are not bad. But this is not an excuse for the lack of performance to date of VUMERITY, for which the US organization is all over it. So what it shows is that it's difficult, it's challenging to launch. When there is a shutdown, it is challenging to change your behavior when you cannot meet the prescriber. Having said that, now the entire focus is pivoting on VUMERITY, and this is the good time because we have a very good access, close to 90%. We increased significantly the resource allocation. This is a next-generation fumarate with good data. Fumarate is differentiated as you know in terms of GI tolerability. It doesn't mean that all the patients on TECFIDERA could benefit from VUMERITY because those who are stable should stay on TECFIDERA, but it is a significantly enhanced focus of the organization on one brand, VUMERITY, the new generation fumarate and the next month should speak. So, we don't give up, and you should not.
Michel Vounatsos: So, concerning the second part of the question on VUMERITY, since the focus now is on VUMERITY not on the fumarate, I can tell you that all levels are aligned, at the payer level, at the patient services level, at the salesforce level - including incentive schemes -- to shape their behavior, at the medical affairs level. So, the organization is absolutely aligned and focused on all of those levers. Next five months will be critical.
Michel Vounatsos: And I think that it's a very good to help clinicians prioritize which therapeutic option to use based on research and not based on speculation or claims. If you look at the competitive landscape, for realty plans, it's still hard to speculate because there is no labor yet. FIREFISH was pretty consistent, SUNFISH was underwhelming in terms of achieving the objectives. When I speak to scientific leaders, their position is we need to wait for the long-term safety and efficacy profile of the product. And for the gene therapy, I think we have a profile that starts to be well characterized. And if I refer back to the latest consensus published in the European Journal of Pediatric Neurology, there is still uncertainty for the older population behavior, the infant ease. And they see a link with the potential risk to the wait. So, the scientifically those basically encourage at looking at all the options. For Biogen, we stand behind the efficacy and safety of SPINRAZA in all age groups, and we have a larger body of evidence. The product is approved now in 50 countries. So, we believe that SPINRAZA will continue to be really a very good treatment and alternative in this context, where there is a bit more treatment in this market, which is good for the patients. So, we are working to enhance the efficacy by increasing the dose. I'm not sure others can do that. And last but not least, there is the response study after gene therapy. So, I think it's good in order to best educate the market. So, we are confident.
Michel Vounatsos: Well, together with Jeff, we delivered on 18 deals. And remember, we believe we have an inequity in the space where we are specialized. So, the sweet spot is early stage. This is where we can add most value. And I am delighted to see this portfolio maturing extremely well with very important readouts in the coming 12 months and beyond, that will start to impact the market 2024, 2025. And in between now and the '24, '25, there is one big hope, which is aducanumab. So, I can tell you that we continue to be very active on the BD M&A front. But at the same time, we are very careful while we approach aducanumab potentially. And we will always invest in the interest of the long-term shareholder value creation.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you so much, Joe, and thank you for attending. I want to thank Jeff again for his many contributions to our company. At Biogen, it's all about pioneering in neuroscience. So, we are approaching a very exciting phase of our 40 years plus of development. Our pipeline and all the many allocation of capital in that space is maturing. We have very important readouts in the coming 10 months. We have seven Phase III and we are very close to open a new page, if FDA allows, with aducanumab. Thank you all for your attention.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Cory, this is Al Sandrock. I actually heard every third word of your question. So I'm not sure, but I think you were asking about BAN2401 in preclinical Alzheimer's disease and perhaps comparisons to aducanumab. If that's true, then I would say that, yes, BAN2401 and aducanumab are very similar antibodies. They both prefer to bind to aggregated forms of a-beta and they both show robust effect on amyloid PET imaging and also both have shown a reduction in clinical decline in Phase II or Phase 1 and Phase III trials. We have - we're very excited that our partners at Eisai are initiating this clinical study with the Alzheimer's Disease Clinical Trials Consortium. I believe that starting earlier is the best approach for - it turns out for all these neurological diseases and so we look forward to seeing the results of that. I'm not sure I heard your question but I hope I answered it.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Well, I'm not sure I heard your question, Geoff. But I think - look the filing is based on these studies; EMERGE, ENGAGE and PRIME. EMERGE is the first study to show an effect, not only on the primary endpoint but all three pre-specified secondary endpoints. We believe that data from ENGAGE, that portions of the data from ENGAGE, a negative study, that portions of it do support the analysis that we did with EMERGE, and then - and also PRIME, which was published shows even though the clinical endpoints were exploratory endpoints on the highest dose, there was an effect on MMSE, as well as CDR-Sum of Boxes. And again very similar that the lower doses did not show much of an effect. So consistent with the findings from ENGAGE and EMERGE, you really need to get to the higher dose. And I think our data are all consistent with that.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Well, I don't want to comment on FDA's internal processes. It's true that we did submit modules as they became available to submit. And so, they've had some modules for some months now. But whether or not they reviewed them? I don't, you know. That's FDA internal processes and I can't comment on it.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Hi, this is Al Sandrock. I'm not sure Michael heard my answer previously, so I'm going to repeat it. On the priority review question, we do have a voucher. We received one when we got nusinersen approved. But we haven't commented on how we're going to use it, when we're going to use it. We do expect to hear about whether or not we have priority review at the time the FDA notifies us of the acceptance of the filing, and so we'll leave it at that. In terms of the ex-US regulators, I think that was the second part of your question. We have engaged formally with the EMA, and we were in the process of preparing a filing for the European submission. And we have had also informal interactions with the Japanese regulators, and we're preparing that filing as well.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Hi, Matthew. Yes. So, in terms of the prior - it's right, we're not - we're not willing to comment on whether or not we've used our Priority Voucher. And in terms of anti-LINGO, the primary endpoint is the overall response core, which looks - which is a four components score, looking at walking, EDSS and 9-hole Peg Test in the dominant arm and 9-hole Peg Test in a non-dominant arm. So, four components. And we're looking at whether or not patients overall improve. Because as you know, MS affects different parts of the central nervous system and at times you can have improvement in one area and worsening in another. So, we wanted to know whether or not, overall, the patients improved. In addition to that, of course, we're going to be looking at imaging measures related to myelination. So, for example, Magnetization Transfer Ratio, MTR, is a good measure of myelination and we'll be looking at that. So, in addition to the clinical, we'll be looking to see if we have biological measurements that are consistent with myelination.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: So, Ronny, I'll take the first part. So, we submitted all the data from those three studies that I mentioned, EMERGE, ENGAGE and PRIME. And what the FDA chooses to look at is, that's their purview. I will say that in terms of the negative study, ENGAGE, we do - we have analysis that show that those who received the highest dose over a sustained period of time do show evidence of efficacy similar to what we found in EMERGE. And so, that's the data we presented to CTAD and ADPD and that's why we believe there are supportive evidence coming from ENGAGE.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Hi. Yes, so, it's our policy not to talk about the content of our regulatory interactions. So, I'm not - I'm not prepared to go any further than what I said in my prepared remarks. In terms of the Advisory Committee, it would not be unusual for the first disease modifying therapy of this type to be reviewed at an Advisory Committee. So, we are starting to prepare for one. Whether or not we have one and when it will be, will be up to the FDA. And we expect to hear that at around the time that we notified of whether or not the files has been accepted.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: So, Tim, you're right that tau has risen in prominence as an important biomarker and perhaps drug target in Alzheimer's disease. And that's because if you look at what correlates best with clinical progression, tau accumulation seems to do so. However, our - and our belief is that there is an interaction between amyloid beta and tau. And it's possible that tau could be triggered - tau misfolding and spreading could be triggered by a number of factors, trauma for one. But it could be that amyloid beta also does. And our data would be consistent with that in the sense that when we lowered, we use aducanumab, which is specific for amyloid beta and we see downstream effects on tau, both by imaging and by CSF. And the reason why it's not that many patients is that, first of all, it's hard to convince patients to undergo a lumbar puncture twice or - and also we were introducing a new tau PET imaging ligand, and we're already imaging patients with - for amyloid. So, having to do two PET scans, two different types of PET scans is a lot to ask for patients. But we do think we have adequate data to show a convincing effect on tau, not only in the CSF but also by imaging. And I've now forgotten the second part of your question.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Oh! Breakthrough. Yes, well, we do have fast track status and we expect to hear about a priority review. And with the fast track status., we have the opportunity to engage with FDA. And I'll say that we've-- we very much appreciate the level of engagement we've had, essentially since last June, where we've had a number of constructive, collaborative interactions with FDA.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Well, the reason for doing - I'll take the first part, Brian. The reason for doing this study is mainly because, A, clinicians are already doing it, but there's no data from the study on whether or not it's helpful to patients. In fact, the European Journal of Pediatric Neurology just published a consensus statement of European experts in SMA. And they point out that there's a real lack of data on the use of this combination therapy and they called for more studies on it, and so, we're happy to be doing one. And the key question is, do you see improvement beyond what you see with just one therapy alone when you add SPINRAZA to Zolgensma or Zolgensma to SPINRAZA. And so, it's really looking at a motor milestone, whether you maintain them better, whether you gain more and more motor milestones. So, it's really mostly about efficacy.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Hi, Robyn. This is, Al. Yes, so the BIIB111, which is our gene therapy for choroideremia, the Phase 3 trial is about 160 patients and the primary endpoint of the bar, as you point out, is the proportion of patients who have a greater than 15 letter increase from baseline in the best corrected visual acuity. That's the FDA standard. It's a two-arm trial, placebo. And so, we just need to have better improvement in visual acuity in the treated patients versus the non-treated patients. This trial was initiated in December of 2017. We announced our last patient in November of 2019. And so, we do expect to read out in the first quarter of next year. And the Phase 3 trial is on the heels of a Phase 1 trial, which was a single-arm study and it compared the proportion of patients who had an improvement in best corrected visual acuity relative to a natural history study and the drug did show some very encouraging results on that endpoint. So, we're just basically using the same endpoint for Phase III and trying to hit the standard set by the FDA. Thank you. I'd like to hand it over to Michel, just for some closing comments, please.
