Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Mike. Biogen has remained focused on strong execution across our core business in MS, SMA and biosimilars, while continuing to advance our strategy of building a multi-franchise portfolio. I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bring in innovative participation now and over the long-term. This requires that we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively, and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure, as well as aim for superior returns from investments we make. Again, we are actively preparing for the aducanumab Advisory Committee and a potential launch. The unmet medical need and cost to society for Alzheimer's are tremendous and mounting. Alzheimer's creates a cost burden of approximately $550 billion per year in the U.S and the cost for caring for an Alzheimer's patient can be over $0.5 million. Alzheimer's deprives many patients of the independence. By the age of 80, approximately 75% of people with Alzheimer's disease live in a nursing home at a per patient cost of approximately $100,000 per year. The approval of aducanumab would be an unprecedented milestone for patients, their families and society at large, and will represent an important short-term and long-term growth driver for the company. Finally, we are focused on advancing our broader purpose as an organization, as we aim to pioneer science for the betterment of humanity. This includes doing the right thing for patients, our employees, the environment, and the community, while accelerating our efforts in diversity and inclusion, all of which we believe contribute to long-term sustainable shareholder value. These issues are all interrelated. For example, environmental issues are central to human health. To that end, I am incredibly proud of our recently launched 20-year, $250 million Healthy Climate, Healthy Lives initiative. This includes a goal to eliminate our fossil fuel emissions by 2040 and to be a catalyst for positive change by advancing the science around how fossil fuel impact human health and taking action to promote climate and health equity. Finally, I would to thank our employees around the world, who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients life, including ensuring access to our therapies during these challenging times. With that, we will open the call for questions.
Michel Vounatsos: So, thanks for the good question. We are always obviously looking at savings opportunity and how to be an even more efficient operation mostly when we face the potential launch of TEC in the U.S, which is certainly a material impact. We did extract approximately $400 million from our infrastructure in order to be a leaner and simpler organization, and we have an array of measures in place in order to simplify the back office and try to save additional resources. You need obviously to understand that we still have a $6 billion plus business with MS in a highly competitive environment where we need to absolutely resource in order to defend our leadership position. VUMERITY is immaterial for now, but the signing is demonstrating some good signs and we'll come back to it. So we need to stay on and continue to resource the launch of VUMERITY, and obviously there's aducanumab. We use the learning from COVID and utilization also to gain efficiency. But again, we need to continue to resource the base business. We need to prepare for the launch of aducanumab, because we are optimistic and at the same time, we try really to save what we can.
Michel Vounatsos: So if I may add to what Mike said, TECFIDERA is still above a $1 billion ex-U.S. If we remove completely the U.S market and it's growing. And there are some countries where we are launching TECFIDERA. So we see continuing to resource the overall $6 billion plus MS franchise and also TECFIDERA ex-U.S.
Michel Vounatsos: So let me take the first part of your question, Umer. So we are equally excited about all the interactions with regulators all around the world. Having said that, the U.S FDA will certainly influence as a cascade, all the regulators. We had actually to refocus our team on the U.S FDA, because we were approved by other agencies who wanted to meet and wanted us to share the data. So I will not speak about China and all the markets, Australia, Canada, Switzerland, et cetera. So certainly the focus is on the U.S FDA, the November 6, we are excited and we are optimistic and then the others will unfold naturally, hopefully.
Michel Vounatsos: So we do remain, Evan, very active on BD and the organization can continue to do both. Return shareholder to the -- capital to the shareholders, and also adds to the business momentum and we have prepared for both. Working very hard on that.
Michel Vounatsos: Concerning the launch readiness, the short answer is absolutely yes. We have continued -- we have increased the medical engagement with scientific leaders. We have engaged with payers. We are working on the value proposition and the potential price. We are making progress. There is a across functional team working on the site readiness. They're willing to meet and to engage despite COVID. We have certainly enhanced the digital capability for which the baseline was already very strong. Patient engagement and patient services has been increased because we anticipate many, many requests call advice from patients. We have a very rigorous approach to the potential launch by specializing focusing first on the most important treatment centers, the specialist, and then going to the broader population, obviously engaging with the Medicare. And again, the burden of the disease is so high that there's a high interest from all the parties we meet, even if we are the only one building the infrastructure somehow, which is a challenge, but very pleased with the progress. We will be ready.
Michel Vounatsos: So we are also making progress on the potential price for aducanumab, should it be approved, it's still premature. But we are engaging broadly with pharmacoeconomists, ICER and other advisors. As I alluded into the note earlier, the cost to society is so high. We are working on certainly assessing very clearly the clinical meaningfulness and what will be the value that aducanumab will provide to the different set of customers, starting by the patients, the caregivers, the payers and all aspects related to this value creation that aducanumab will bring, not only the year one, but over the entire life of the product, even beyond potentially the patent -- when the patent expires. So it's too early. We will come back to that and we are taking this question. We have a lot of, I would say, serious focus and dedication and advice from others.
Michel Vounatsos: But if you want, I can add a bit more color on what we see in terms of market dynamic, at least in the U.S with a recent launch. Recently combined with the COVID environment is certainly generating some switch from SPINRAZA and this is understandable because of the perceived convenience. But the SUNFISH data is showing clearly some limitation mostly because of the -- of target tox potentially and the 5 milligram ceiling that may impact efficacy while the weight of the kit [ph] increases and patients and physicians start to be aware of that. But nevertheless, at the time of launch, patients are attracted by a potential oral medication, but it's not that easy, 365 times a year with a challenging dosing versus 3 times a year only and take it and being sure that you get the dose. So we believe that based on the data that we have and all the real world evidence from infants presymptomatic to symptomatic adults at the end of the day, safety and efficacy profile mostly will prevail, should prevail. That's why we remain reasonably optimistic about the SPINRAZA once this wave of enthusiasm is a bit behind us.
Michel Vounatsos: So, just on -- to start on SPINRAZA, we saw approximately 200 patients, if I’m not mistaken -- being switched to the new launch every day. But again, we are confident that over time SPINRAZA will remain the foundational therapy for the treatment of SMA. Concerning the first question on what do you think about the strategy is. Well, I would like to start by reminding we are assessing that we remain optimistic about the potential launch of ADU and this is the underlying assumption. But nevertheless, if ADU fails, we're still in a very strong position. We seem to be very profitable. We have a deep pipeline, we have a strong balance sheet, and we have a large portfolio in CNS, and this will enable long-term growth and value creation. So the prospects are not necessarily defined by the binary event, but they will be certainly affected in case of ADU failing. We have a pipeline, we have opportunity in optha, in stroke, in lupus, in ALS and biosimilars. We have the bigger deal with Denali. We have the rest of the portfolio in AD, the leadership position in neurodegenerative disease still here and we have overall 30 clinical assets, 8 filed, or in Phase 3. And we have the entire portfolio with life cycle management opportunities. And as I said, I believe that SMA, SPINRAZA will remain the foundational therapy. So the cost discipline will be there all the time, as discussed by Mike.
Michel Vounatsos: On the lifecycle management of MS, we’ve never been that reach in terms of clinical program and advancements in our MS portfolio and pipe, the early pipe with BTK and all the opportunities we have to develop or co-develop some of our products and we have lifecycle management opportunities with TYSABRI, with the EIV, with subcu, Avonex, a new label, Plegridy, IM. So we have plenty of opportunities to create market events. And as you saw despite the potential launch of a high efficacy product of aducanumab that becomes -- the class becomes -- the segment becomes very crowded. TYSABRI continues to do very well, because it’s very well documented and well appreciated by the patients and the physicians. So we are confident in the rest of the portfolio, I would say, beyond the challenging situation we are facing with the TEC in the U.S. There is an entire franchise beyond this very specific case. And the commitment of the company beyond RMS for remuneration [ph] over the long-term. So, Biogen continues to support MS like day one. So thank you all for your attention. Exciting time at Biogen, and we are all looking forward for early November for more news from the AdCom and looking forward taking the company to the next step after this event. Thank you all. Have a good day.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Hi. This is Al. We've done lots of analysis. We've been doing that for more than a year in collaboration with FDA. We -- we are working exceptionally hard and the team is working exceptionally hard to prepare for the AdCom, and we're very excited about sharing our perspective on that day.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: The EU, we just filed after some formal meetings and we expect to hear back and start the engagement process. And in Japan, we are just had our formal interactions and we'll be filing soon.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Hi, Matthew. This is Al. We -- look, the FDA has all the data. We continue to believe that aducanumab has a substantial evidence of efficacy. If we didn't believe that we wouldn't have filed. And we look forward to sharing all the data at the FDA Advisory Committee, including potential subgroups. And it's in the FDA's hands at this point.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Hi, Umer. On your question about carriers versus non carriers, look, I don't want to speculate as to what the FDA will ask the advisors at the Advisory Committee. But if they go there, we're prepared. We're -- there's -- we haven't shown our subgroup data yet. We will at some point and for all I know it may come up at the Advisory Committee. But we're eager to share our perspective on the data, whatever comes up.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: So, look our argument rests on the fact that we have a robustly positive study in EMERGE, positive on the pre-specified primary and all secondary endpoints. We have a supportive study in the Phase 1b trial, which was published in Nature a few years ago. And then we have ENGAGE and we believe we understand why ENGAGE was a negative study, and our belief is that it doesn't detract from the positive study. And in terms of the risks, the main risk is ARIA. We believe it's manageable that we've learned how to deal with it with MRI monitoring, with titration. And so we believe the benefit risk is worthy of approval. If we didn't think that, we wouldn't have filed. And so that's -- and in terms of the briefing book, we're not going to comment on the briefing book. It'll -- as stated in the FDA register, it will be made publicly available 2 days prior to the actual Advisory Committee meeting.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: I'll take the first part, Michael. In terms of acting early, the FDA has had the data since last June. Our first -- right after our first Type C meeting, we sent them all the primary data. That could be one reason why they said that they could act early. And we see the Advisory Committee has scheduled pretty early relative to the timeframe that they have until the PDUFA date of early March. Okay, go ahead.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yes, Ronny, in the second part of your question, I don't think we've gotten to that level of detail in terms of kind of shares in new starts and whatnot.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: This is Al. With respect to the REMS program, it’s hard to say at this point. We are still in the review process. I would say that we believe that the risk of ARIA is manageable and the community has learned how to manage this risk over the years. Whether that requires a REMS or not is up to the FDA.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Well, we’ve done that before. We know how to do REMS programs, whatever they may be. And so we would be ready for that, yes, including the education piece, which is typically one of the most important aspects of REMS programs.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yes, thank you very much. So we -- we’re very excited about the potential in Parkinson’s disease. As you pointed out, the Prothena, Roche antibody looked like there was some efficacy in Parts 2 and 3 I believe of the UPDRS score with additional support from digital measures and some imaging outcome measures as presented at the Movement Disorder Society meeting about a month or so ago. And we have our own alpha-synuclein antibody. It's different, in the sense that it's more specific for aggregated forms of alpha-synuclein, and we expect a readout on that in the coming months. We also have antisense oligonucleotide program directed against alpha-synuclein. You pointed out the LRRK2 inhibitor. We have the lead program there, the Denali 151 program, an oral small molecule LRRK2 inhibitor. And that could work not just in patients with LRRK2 mutations, but also there is ample evidence of lysosomal hypofunction in other cases of PD, even patients that don’t have LRRK2 mutations. And so the potential is there that it could work in a broad range of Parkinson’s patients. And then as you pointed out on other lysosomal gene, arguably as GBA, patients who are homozygous for GBA have Gaucher’s disease or lysosomal storage disease. Those who are heterozygous have an increased risk of Parkinson’s disease. And so we have preclinical programs directed against that as well. And as I said, we have the ability to license two programs with the Transport Vehicle program. I’d also point out that earlier this year we did a deal with Sangamo, which includes not only opportunities gene therapy programs in Alzheimer’s disease but also Parkinson’s disease. One of our lead programs there's a gene therapy program on alpha-synuclein. So, I think there's a broad range. I think there's a lot of very good, validated targets, validated by human genetics and by clinical pathologic data in humans and we have multiple modalities, gene therapies, small molecules, as well as antisense oligonucleotides at our disposal.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: So, Brian, I think with respect to ex-U.S. filings, I mean, as Michel said, we are equally optimistic about filings outside of the United States, we just aren’t as advanced in terms of the procedure. We just filed in EMA, we haven’t even filed yet in Japan. And so, we are eager to start the regulatory procedures. And as Michel said, we are equally optimistic. On the second part …
Michael McDonnell: Yes. So I'll just quickly add to that, Marc. Thanks very much for the question, Mike speaking. I think just to add to what Michel was saying, a little bit of color, running at about 17% of revenue SG&A, we feel like it runs pretty efficiently. As Michel said, we are reallocating some costs and resources to the aducanumab launch and in support of VUMERITY. And obviously we do need to continue to support the MS franchise, but I would just point out that any cost savings that we have, we guided for only the fourth quarter, we're not guiding for '21 at this time. But obviously you wouldn't see cost impacts around this until 2021, which we'll talk more about when we get to 2021. On your question around the tax rate, I think you were reacting to a comment in the prepared remarks. Given the change in the cash flow profile and the profitability profile for TECFIDERA, there was a deferred tax adjustment that was required to be booked relating to evaluation allowance, which had a modest impact on the effective tax rate for the quarter. So hopefully that's helpful.
Michael McDonnell: Sure. Evan, nice to meet you, and thanks very much for the question. Look, Biogen for a period of time now has been very active in allocating capital. As Michel mentioned in the prepared remarks, just in the last 4 years, 20 transactions approaching $5 billion, and obviously the company has returned significant capital to shareholders in the form of share buybacks. And we expect both of those activities are going to continue. Obviously, we're going to continue to be active on the BD front as the company has been before. And notwithstanding the situation with TECFIDERA, we've got $4.6 billion of cash on hand as of the end of September. A modest amount of debt, net debt, I think $2.8 billion. We've got still very significant cash flow and a very pristine balance sheet. And we intend to utilize that for both BD and share repurchases and the logic of the share repurchase just completely aligns with that.
Michael McDonnell: Yes. I mean, look, I think hopefully, our optimism is clear and the scenario we're planning toward is a successful launch of aducanumab, and hopefully unlikely event that we don't have approval. Of course, we would have an obligation to look at our cost base.
Michael McDonnell: So, Cory, on the second part of your question I'll try to give you some data points that are hopefully helpful and just kind of speaking in year-over-year terms. So globally SPINRAZA was down 10% year-over-year. And you'll see in some of the charts that we put up that patients are actually up 21% year-over-year. And the dynamics that factor into this are a few things. One is product dosing dynamics. We have fewer loading doses versus maintenance doses as the product matures. Secondly, there are COVID impacts. We can't precisely tell you what that number is. It's kind of hard to tease out, but there are certainly when we see fewer new patient adds going through loading doses and some dosing delays, we know that part of the reason is, is related to COVID and patients not getting into to get those treatments. There's some country mix in the mix here, so to speak, and some of the patient growth that we've had is coming from countries where the prices are lower. And lastly there is competition from ZolGensma and Evrysdi. So those are kind of all in the mix to precisely say what the COVID piece is. It's not something that we can completely tease out. We know it is in the mix and hopefully those metrics that I gave you are somewhat helpful.
Michael McDonnell: Sure. So, Ronny, it's Mike speaking. So on your interpretation on the costs, as we've said, we're gearing up for a launch of aducanumab that does add some pressure to SG&A. And that is something that we're very focused on, obviously getting right. We have reallocated some resources, as I said, in the prepared remarks from TECFIDERA to aducanumab as well as the support of VUMERITY. We are going to continue to support the MS platform. As Michel said, we have over a $1 billion franchise outside of the U.S in TECFIDERA, which is important to remember. And so that's kind of the state of play in terms of the fourth quarter that we've guided to today. And we'll have more to say about all of our financial metrics as we get into 2021 and provide -- presumably guidance for next year at that time.
Michael McDonnell: Yes, I think the other point that I would just add is you mentioned, you asked whether the share repurchase authorization precludes BD, and the answer as we said before is, it doesn’t. We will continue to do both. And I would just remind that the authorization is very flexible. There's no timestamp on it. So we will continue to do both and be active, and we have a balance sheet that’s in a great position which we’re pleased about.
