Elizabeth Woo: Thank you, Steve. Thank you, and welcome to Biogen Idec's Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures I will discuss today. We've also posted slides on our website that followed the discussions related to today's call. As usual, we'll start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Words such as believe, expect, may, plan, will and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. Actual results could differ materially from our expectations, and you should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings slide, earnings release and in the Risk Factors section of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. Today on the call, I'm joined by Dr. George Scangos, Chief Executive Officer of Biogen Idec; Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President of Neurology Research and Development; Dr. Francesco Granata, Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations; and Paul Clancy, Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Now, I'll turn the call over to George.
Elizabeth Woo: Thanks, George. Operator, we're ready to open up the call for Q&A. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question, and then, we enter the queue for follow-up questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Elizabeth Woo: That was our last question. Thank you for your participation in today's call. You may now disconnect.
George Scangos: Okay, thanks, Paul. We've been talking for a while, so I'll just give a very brief sum up. I think financially, we increased revenues, we delivered double-digit EPS growth, and we completed return in $1.5 billion in cash to shareholders. NMS, we continued to [indiscernible] momentum by adding another 2300 patients, made significant progress on TYSABRI risk stratification and halted a multiyear trend of declining AVONEX use in the U.S. The breadth and quality of our MS clients and displayed at ECTRIMS was impressive. Moving forward, we'll continue to focus on growing commercial business, optimizing our R&D investments and instilling a sense of urgency in the company. I look forward to updating you on our progress as we begin to implement plans later this year. So I'll conclude by saying that I have a tremendous amount of enthusiasm for Biogen Idec's future, and with that, I will close our remarks and open up the call for questions.
George Scangos: It's certainly -- the math would certainly add up. The commercial availability, there's two part regulatory process. One is to get the laboratory tests approved and the others to get into the label. And we're making progress on both fronts. We're in the middle of regulatory interactions on both fronts. So yes, the plan is to -- as soon as possible make the test widely available and have something in our label to how it affects the risk of PML. And yes, the false negative rate is 2.5%, we saw something very similar in the low single digits and STRATIFY 1. Time will tell what the actual numbers turn out to be.
George Scangos: In terms of the test approval, their difference is across the Atlantic. In Europe, it's a pretty straightforward path regarding a CE Mark. In the U.S., it's a bit more complicated and the regulatory landscape is evolving. I think it's probably not wise to comment on exactly what our regulatory interactions are but they are ongoing at this time. In terms of handicapping, again, I don't think it's great practice to handicap what the FDA might or might not say. So we'll top there.
George Scangos: Well, I think, I think the assay is going to be a risk factor just like duration of treatment by immunosuppressive use which is already on the label. I think antibodies will join those other two risk factors as another risk factor to take into account. And I think that, people who are antibody positive, I think it should come down to an individual benefit risk position. As I said before, somebody has severe MS and they haven't done well on the first-line of therapy and than I've gone up to TYSABRI, that patient should still have a choice as to whether or not they should continue TYSABRI or not. And I would hope that the doctor makes an individualized benefit risk position.
George Scangos: The COGS, if you're comparing on a quarter-to-quarter basis, very accurate on a sequential basis. If you recall last quarter, we had a couple of things that brought COGS up a little bit, inclusive of the manufacturing shutdown and bearing the costs related to that. So, I think, we again had a very favorable quarter with respect to very minimal inventory write-offs, and I think that the COGS rate that you're seeing in the P&L right now is probably indicative of future quarters. With respect to R&D, I think, as I said in my comments, I think it will probably be best if we do that along with the in conjunction with the communication before the end of the year in terms of future thinking as it relates to R&D. But this quarter incurred three included about a $26 million upfront payment to Knopp and kind of suffice it from there.
George Scangos: I mean, I think it's right around hovering on flat. So it was on a sequential basis 1%. The AVONEX ended the quarter slightly above in terms of weeks in the inventory. But I would point out, I think, that the broader trend that we're kind of in terms of better performance on AVONEX and the United States on a unit basis, which we have been focused on now since Francesco's arrival still hold true. I mean, Q3 is often time the summer months in Q3 around the world often times quite soft. So we are generally looking at Q3 whether it's AVONEX or [indiscernible], just the MS class at whole. It's kind of softer performance. Certainly, we've seen that in AVONEX through and through. So, I think, we do have two quarters in a row now, two winnings in a row if you will of a very, very good performance.
George Scangos: Early days as it relates to what's the pair reactions, so I think very similar to kind of early days in terms of what's the position in patient reaction, I think it's equally early days, we're trying to keep our ears to the ground on a pair by pair basis trying to understand what the dynamics in the marketplace are, but I mean quite frankly, it's a little bit early days right now.
George Scangos: No, let me try to explain that, Jason. Just so we all understand. Occasionally, we'll build TYSABRI inventory for clinical trials or for certain new process improvement run. In this instance, we had earmarked it for R&D trials, and as a result, it's expensive to the collaboration. We have excess inventory that we wanted were allowed to bring into the commercial setting. And as a result, we took opportunity for enhanced profitability in the collaboration to do that. That affected our Q2 results, as well as our Q3 results to the way that affects us, Biogen Idec, in the United States is a reduced purchase price to a man. And I think in the third quarter, I don't have it handy, but it seems like a single-digit, millions of dollars price the mid-single digits millions of dollars impact, and we just have largely bled through that inventory. So there's a little bit more to go and in, but it won't be an meaningful impact for Q4 and going forward. I don't anticipate that that's a typical thing that happens for biogenetic going forward.
George Scangos: Thanks for the question, Chris. That was our original when health care reform came at the end of Q1, and we're making assessments as we were moving into Q2. Moving out of our last quarter call, we had narrow that range to be at $40 million dollars to $50 million impact, and that's consistently what we're looking at right now. It is the biggest impact since the expansion of managed Medicaid. That is followed by the additional rebate on Medicaid from 15.1 to 23.1%. So I think we're thinking that as in the $40 million to $50 million range. Now, haven't meaningfully changed our accruals in Q3. And I think that the impact is bled throughout the impact is bled throughout the year as we look at the P&L right now.
Paul Clancy: It really is specific in the United States that we actually have allowed for certain charitable institutions to work with patients. That's currently the process for patients that are seeking AVONEX that need co-pay assistance. We'll continue to look at alternative means along the way.
Paul Clancy: This is Paul. Let me try take a crack at each of those questions, Rachel. The 19 -- I kind of tried to outline the -- in broad strokes, the price increase. Behind the price increase, there were certainly, increased discounts and allowances, and that would be on a channel by channel basis. We've had increase accruals related to healthcare reform. That had been going on, obviously, since the beginning of the year. But to some extent it really started in Q2 and Q3. And then, there was a little bit of increase with respect to co-pay assistance in the United States. I think the way to think about is it may take a couple of quarters for the full pull through of the price to kind of be realized and we'll kind of have to see that monitor along the way. With respect to the difference on AVONEX outside the United States and inside the United States, a pretty public information as it relates to inside the United States, outside the United States it is actually looking right now, Rachel. It is roughly -- it's about 50% or 6% of that, but it really can vary on a country-by-country basis to some extent, and it certainly -- we have a portion of our business outside the United States that is distributors and those are kind of individual agreements in terms of what the transfer price is.
Paul Clancy: It actually wasn't a modest impact on the wholesale. The biggest impact on the sequential quarter was the inventory build, it kind of pull down from Q2 going into Q3. I think that was the most meaningful impact that we saw quarter-to-quarter.
Company Speaker: We have more if you want and a doctor feedback, it's too early to give you very detailed feedback on the reception of delineating the marketplace. We see the capital things definitely, one is that the some of the payor are creating restrictions to access to Glennia, probably because of still not fully documented in a real-life condition risk-benefit profile and the deception that the efficacy, close to the efficacy of the interference. So we have seen some move of even bigger payors toward these directions, creating some stage that access to Glennia. And we also have [indiscernible] portfolio, a market that steel those risk-benefit profiler to be seen in real-life conditions. So from the commercial side, we feel that we are fully prepared to manage the challenge of this new competition. We think that the new orders that we'll have are all in the therapy, we'll bring additional value to the patient while we still think that we have the strongest franchise offered in the MS arena. So we'll continue to stay focused on our communication. We'll continue to upgrade the skills of the communicational skills and the training of our reps. We'll continue to invest in Science to develop new detail on our products and we feel that comfortable in continuing to grow our sustained profitable growth to this focus on our existing portfolio.
Company Speaker: Thank you, Paul. We stayed very focused on our communicational strategy on the favorable risk-benefit profile of TYSABRI. This has been very well received by our customers. Clearly, by the fact that we have added 2300 patients in a moment in which we don't yet fully available the risk stratification. Tools means that the customers confidence in adding new patients, they see our all for TYSABRI in the treatment of their patients, and this is justified by, again, the patients additions but also by the stability of the discontinuation that we have seen over the past couple of quarters. Again, it means that if the customer feels that the problem can bring value to their patients and we'll continue to stay focused on this communication and until we'll have available the risk stratification, hopefully, the risk stratification tool. We'll still think that even when we get the risk stratification, we will see various patients being added to the therapy because of the -- again, high efficacy performance of TYSABRI. And that's all.
Company Speaker: As you remember, we have prioritized, we have been focused on a few priorities and we stayed focused on these. We have, as you remember, increased our investment in the structure both in terms of share of voice and the quality of the sales force. We have increased our communication tools. We have increased the focus on the customers. We have increased patients and customers services, and we have also strengthened the global sanction in order to make sure that we delivered the highest quality, tactical and long-term plans. So we are in the phase of implementing all these actions. We have implemented most of them, but we are still in the midst of continuing the implementation and the execution of these strategies. So largely, we think that this results can be sustained. And wee are confident about our strategy. We think that by improving these area of skills, we can continue our strategy to grow marketshare of our -- to stabilize and grow market share on both our TYSABRI, which is the most powerful tool to defend our franchise best into the new entrance and continue to develop our strategy of sustained profitable growth.
