Michel Vounatsos: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Biogen continued to execute well in the second quarter, and we are pleased to be raising our full year financial guidance. We believe our achievements are critical steps on our path to drive renewed value creation for both patients and shareholders over time. First, together with Eisai, we're granted Priority Review for lecanemab, under the accelerated approval pathway in the U.S. for early Alzheimer's disease. We expect an FDA decision by January 6 of next year. And in parallel, we look forward to the upcoming Phase 3 readout expected in the fall. Additionally, together with Sage, we reported positive data in postpartum depression. The SKYLARK Study is now the second positive Phase 3 study supporting the potential of zuranolone in PPD with four additional positive randomized controlled trials in major depressive disorders. We believe there is a substantial body of evidence supports a significant opportunity for zuranolone. Pursuit of innovation, however, does not come without setbacks, and we were disappointed to learn that the BIIB104 Phase 2 study in schizophrenia was not positive. I will now focus on the near-term operational priorities we outlined in our last call, while Priya will review our recent progress in R&D, and Mike will discuss our second quarter performance. First, we are continuing to focus our R&D sources on programs where we see the greatest potential while also aiming to rebalance the risk profile across our pipeline. For example, we intend to accelerate the regulatory filing of zuranolone in postpartum depression following the positive SKYLARK Study. In addition, we have terminated some R&D programs that we believe lower positive success such as BIIB076, an anti-tau antibody in Alzheimer's disease and BIIB100, a small molecule XPO1 inhibitor in ALS. Second, we are on track to implement the cost reduction and productivity measures outlined on our last call in order to further align our costs with our revenue base while maintaining our focus on execution. Third, we are pursuing additional global growth opportunities with a focus on key emerging markets. This includes China, where we are encouraged by the launch of SPINRAZA. Fourth, we are focused on driving renewed growth in our biosimilars business. We just recently launched BYOOVIZ, the first biosimilar referencing LUCENTIS in the U.S. Biogen's first entry into the U.S. biosimilars market, we also expect to begin launching BYOOVIZ outside the U.S. early next year. With the completion of the sales of our joint venture interest in Samsung Bioepis in the second quarter, we now have an expanded ability to pursue the biosimilars business on our own as we aim to bring more biosimilars products to more patients, geographies. We continue to advance our biosimilars pipeline, which includes two Phase 3 programs referencing EYLEA and ACTEMRA. Fifth, we remain focused on capital allocation during the quarter. We entered into new collaborations with MedRhythms in MS and Alectos in Parkinson's disease, and we continue to evaluate both internal and external value creation opportunities. We also returned approximately $500 million to shareholders during the quarter through share repurchases. We are also pleased with the progress in our collaboration with Genentech for mosunetuzumab, a CD20xCD3 bispecific antibody which recently approved in the EU for patients with relapsed or refractory follicular lymphoma. The BLA of mosunetuzumab for medication was recently granted Priority Review by the FDA, and we look forward to a potential approval in the U.S. Our progress across these areas in addition to the recent advancements we have made in R&D have potential to help drive growth over time. Of course, not all our programs will deliver the results, we hope, which is why we are continuing to advance and build a diversified and appropriately balanced pipeline as we work to create and sustain a multi-franchise portfolio over time. This includes near-term opportunities in Alzheimer's disease and depression followed by other areas such as Parkinson's disease, lupus and stroke in the mid- to late 2020s. We remain committed to taking advantage of all the strengths of the company. Our talent, our portfolio, our manufacturing capabilities, our pipeline, which includes 10 programs in Phase 3 or filed and our strong balance sheet to deliver results for both the patients we serve and our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Priya for an update on our recent progress in R&D.
Michel Vounatsos: And if I may add, we are delighted to be progressing with the filing of zuranolone and leca and waiting more data also for ADUHELM. For the earlier pipeline, we have expanded materially our pipeline. It's natural that -- first of all, there is inherent risk with neuroscience, and it's natural that we always try to increase probability of success and select based on trigger point and science inside. And this is what Priya is doing.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the question. From my discussion earlier this week with the Board members and our Chairman, I hear that the search is progressing as planned. But at this stage, there is nothing yet to be reported. And obviously, we'll not speculate on lecanemab, but it's a very important event. But at this stage, nothing more to report.
Michel Vounatsos: So first, we are very encouraged by the data. I'm delighted to see the second study in postpartum, fourth study in major depressive disorders. We had opportunities to meet many constituency and this disease is affecting so many people. So it's so relevant. If I'm not mistaken, in the U.S., more than 19 million, as Priya said, an incident for PPD close to 0.5 million every year. So extremely relevant. We are making a lot of progress on the positioning and understanding the patient journey and the different segments of the market between the naive and the failure to treatment the way we know in this massive market due to side effects or lack of efficacy. I hope that in the near future, we'll be -- we'll have an opportunity together with Sage to have a dedicated session with you to update you on where we stand, and we'll come back to that as soon as we can. Concerning the price, we are not yet there. We are making some -- our homework, but nothing to add yet at this stage.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Priya. And to bring that together, what is very important for us to set the strategic direction is to clearly understand the key capabilities that we have within the company throughout the value chain, from the early research, clinical development throughout to commercialization and customer engagement. And as Priya said, today, we believe that we are pretty well diversified compared where we were 6 years ago in neuroscience, in specialized immuno, in biosimilars and emerging digital therapeutics capability. We have now 29 programs and 10 in Phase 3 of file products. The question is how do we derisk in addition? And this is what Priya started to work on. Obviously, a new CEO and a permanent Head of R&D will have an opportunity to revisit the strategy together with the Board.
Michel Vounatsos: I think that it will very much be dependent on the quality of the data. If the data clarifies and confirms without any ambiguity that removing the plaque is correlated with the slowing down of a cognitive decline and reinforces the hypothesis, I think arrows with a line faster than what we believe.
Michel Vounatsos: And to add to what Priya has said, beyond the solid design, there is an open-label extension that will add some information. There is also a preclinical trial ongoing for the earlier population and life cycle management opportunities with new subcutaneous formulation also underway.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Brian, for that question. So as we've mentioned last quarter, we've embarked upon a very focused and disciplined prioritization of the R&D portfolio. But it is dependent on internal inflection points as well as external scientific insights. So I want to specifically pick up on the points that you made about BIIB104. We just shared that we will be discontinuing development of BIIB104, which is an amp up potentiator in CIAS, which is cognitive impairment with -- associated with schizophrenia. And that is because we had a readout from TALLY where we saw expected pharmacological exposure, but we did not meet the primary or secondary endpoints. So we believe that we have tested the hypothesis really well here and that it's time to reconsider the data, look at it very carefully, think about other applications, but ensure that we allocate resources to the programs with higher probability of success. So that addresses that question. With BIIB076 that you also mentioned, it's an anti-tau antibody with our partnership with Neurimmune. And we did announce that we are closing down development at Biogen for it. So I would ask that you direct further questions of next steps on BIIB076 to new immune. But from our perspective, we are focusing, for example, on BIIB080, which is our antisense oligonucleotide that affects all post-translational forms of tau. And we will be starting a Phase 2 late-stage, mid-stage trial later this year. So that's how we're thinking about our prioritization. And finally, to address what it does for our bar on Alzheimer's, I'll just say that we look forward to the results of Clarity AD for lecanemab. It is a well-powered, well-designed trial. It has, we believe, the right primary endpoint in CDR Sum of Boxes, and we think that a statistically significant difference versus placebo would be clinically meaningful because of the instrument that's being utilized as a primary endpoint and also all the secondary endpoints. And in addition, we have a whole comprehensive program around lecanemab, which addresses presymptomatic patients as well as we're looking at maintenance along with Eisai and Phase 2 open-label extension and subcutaneous. So I think we will just wait for the data. As we have said, we expect to complete the filing along with Clarity AD, should it be positive by Q1 2023. So I hope that answers the question.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Matthew. So just to step back, lecanemab has completed -- is in the filing for accelerated approval pathway using the Phase 2 study, which is the 201 study, and we are expecting results for Clarity AD, which is the Phase 3 study. This is a study with 1,795 subjects. It's a global study. We believe it's well powered. There is no interim or futility analysis. It will be just a primary readout sometime in the fall of this year, 2022. And currently, this has an underrepresented population also, quite similar to the CMS population of about 25% included. Now with regards to whether it can be a confirmatory study for traditional approval? Yes. We do believe we have this agreement that should it read out positive, it can be the confirmatory study. So I do believe that, that is exactly what we believe. In addition, I'll just remind us that in the aducanumab briefing document, the FDA had stated that they would accept a statistically significant change on an inherently meaningful instrument such as the CDR Sum of Boxes as evidence of a clinically meaningful effect. So this is really important. And we feel quite confident that CDR Sum of Boxes is the right primary endpoint. It is clinically validated, and it combines both cognition and function and is widely accepted as a registrational endpoint. So we are at that point, we feel quite good about the fact that it's well powered. Of course, we have to wait to see the results. I hope that answers the question.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Umer. So maybe I can step back to say that we -- obviously, there are several scenarios of the data readout. And I think at one end, we have potentially a positive primary endpoint outcome with secondary endpoints as well. And we believe that the totality of the data will be really important. And as I said already, we do have -- we have discussed this, and we have agreement with the FDA that a positive readout could serve for a confirmatory study. And on the other end of the spectrum, it's possible that the study is negative. And in that scenario, we would be looking at also the other readouts because there are two -- these are, obviously, Biogen Eisai readout, but I will also draw attention to that that we have two other anti-amyloid agents readout in the near term. One is gantenerumab and the other is donanemab, as everyone knows. So really, this is a bigger question about these readouts and what they mean for the anti-amyloid hypothesis in Alzheimer's -- early Alzheimer's disease. There could be several mixed scenarios, some like you mentioned, and I think it will be very difficult to speculate exactly how that might be perceived. So I would say that the mix scenario, there could be several permutation combinations, but I think that the totality of the data is going to be important. So at this point, it would be tough for me to speculate on what mix scenario and what outcome it could lead to. But we are considering all of this. And I think currently, our focus is on ensuring that we collect the data, close the study, have a very clear readout and then we will be engaging, of course, with the FDA because this product also has breakthrough and fast track designation, which allows us to consult the FDA for the guidance. So we will be in close contact, and that's what I can tell you. Thank you.
Priya Singhal: I can address the scheduling question. Thank you, Salveen. So I just wanted to say that if you step back, the DEA process is quite robust, and they will -- this typically takes about 3 months at the end of the approval process, and they will designate a schedule. Now Sage has already completed their human abuse liability potential study, as I mentioned in my opening comments. And there could potentially be 5 schedules that you could get. At present, what we do know is the data that we have, and we also have the background of ZULRESSO, which is a Schedule IV drug. So at this point, we do believe that it is possible for zuranolone to get a Schedule IV. And Schedule IV is typically -- what it means is low potential for abuse and low risk for dependence. The other drugs in this category are Ativan, XANAX, Darvocet and others. And we believe that this is currently the expected scheduling. Of course, we have to wait to go through the process to see what the outcome will be, but that's what we expect at the moment with the data we have. I hope that addresses it.
Priya Singhal: I can get started. Thank you for the question. So just stepping back, we have -- at Biogen, we've got a vision towards a multi-franchise portfolio. And R&D, our pipeline, I believe, is quite strong and diversified and robust. We have programs in the clinic, many more in our discovery and exploratory portfolio, where we look at the diseases that we want to be leaders in and we think about the targets and biological pathways that we may want to address with our platform actually of multiple modalities. So that's the other strength we have. We could be agnostic to modality because we have access to biologics, small molecules, antisense oligonucleotides as well as gene therapy. So that's sort of at a high level. That's how we think about our R&D portfolio. Now within that, you spoke about neuroscience. This is an absolute core strength that we have. It's a very hard space I would acknowledge. I think we would all acknowledge it, but we've had a lot of success in this space both with multiple sclerosis as well as with spinal muscular atrophy. And potentially, we could have success with Alzheimer's. And certainly, we have zuranolone in depression. So we are thinking about this as neuroscience potentially increasing our focus in neuropsychiatry where we've got now a product that is in filing for both MDD and PPD with a large high unmet need, and we are looking at other potential indications for the GABAA pathway that zuranolone addresses. So zuranolone could really be much more than just MDD and PPD, and we're looking at that as well in our portfolio prioritization. Shifting over to specialized immunology, we have three Phase 3 trials, and this is really important with two products. So we have our home grown BIIB059, which where we understand the biology and the pathway really well. We think it could be first-in-class, best-in-class for CLE cutaneous lupus erythematosus, but also for SLE. And then we have Dapi with our collaboration with UCB, also in Phase 3. So this is a comprehensive sort of portfolio just in SLE and CLE. There, again, we are thinking about where else do we understand the Type 1 Interferon signature, where else could we have potential indications with BIIB059, for example, in other specialized immunology indications? That's our core focus currently. And then finally, I'll say that within neuroscience, we think we can be leaders in Alzheimer's, depression and retain our leadership in MS and SPINRAZA. SMA, we have already discussed externally are opted for BIIB115, which is a follow-on ASO with potentially a once-a-year dosing. So that could really be very, very important. We are accelerating that as much as we can. And we have MS, where we continue to think of BTK inhibitors. So we have a peripheral BTK inhibitor. We also have a central BTK inhibitor, and we will continue to look at the emerging data and make decisions. Beyond this core R&D portfolio, as Michel mentioned, we also have our biosimilars and our digital therapeutics. We've just made a foray with MedRhythms. And I think that this altogether is a very diversified portfolio. The area that we've increased a lot of focus is as soon as we have -- for example, we had the BIIB104 readout, we're now thinking of what else we would do with that [glutamergic] pathway and the data that we will gather from there. Similarly, with BIIB059 and zuranolone, as I mentioned, how would we allocate resources to that? What would we prioritize? So we are doing this in a very systematic fashion, and it's a call out to the R&D and the entire one Biogen team to really be doing this very well. I hope that gives you a flavor of how we are approaching it.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Cory. So first -- firstly, I think that just to step back, we have filed according to the accelerated approval pathway with the Phase 2 data, as you mentioned, Cory, and the PDUFA date for that is January 6, 2023. Now Clarity AD will readout in the fall of this year. And should it be positive it will be -- the filing for traditional approval will be completed by what Eisai has communicated by the end of the first quarter of 2023. In addition, I think that the totality of the information and the data will matter for the outcome. At the moment, we have -- we do not have an indication that there will be an advisory committee at this moment. We do not have that indication. So that's what I can tell you on -- about that. I hope I addressed all the aspects of your question.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Jay. Great question. So yes, we are very disappointed with the negative readout for BIIB104. And just to step back, the hypothesis that we were testing was that AMPA potentiation can impact NMDA hypofunction -- NMDA receptor hypofunction and thereby, increase synaptic connectivity and increase the working memory domain -- impact the working memory domain positively in cognitive impairment that's associated with schizophrenia. So that was the hypothesis. And we were looking forward to the results. Of course, it has not met primary or secondary endpoints. Now in neuropsychiatry trials, sometimes you don't have the right adherence and compliance during the trial. So we have looked very carefully at the PK exposures and such. And this was a 12-week readout. So we have looked at that, and we have quite -- we feel quite confident that this was a very high -- highly compliant trial where we have expected exposures for BIIB104 through the -- throughout the 12-week duration. So we believe that we have tested the hypothesis of AMPA potentiation leading to NMDA potentiation as well. Having said that, we think that this was an extremely well-run trial, and we have collected a very rich data set that can give us leads on how we might want to pursue the [glutamergic] pathway in other neuropsychiatry indications. So yes, that is something that we are looking at very carefully, and we will be evaluating this very carefully. We did have early Phase I trials, but that data was, unfortunately, not replicated. Now these are very small trials. One was in healthy volunteers and the other 1 was in schizophrenia patients, but there was shorter duration and the subject numbers were 39 and 29, respectively. So very small trials. So yes, to your question, neuropsychiatry remains an area of high focus. We believe we've increased our capabilities and focus in this area, and we'll continue to look at this very high-quality data set, and we'll also be presenting it at upcoming medical meetings.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Geoff. So Eisai has communicated that they will be completing the filing in both Europe as well as in Japan by the end of Q1 2023, very similar to the U.S. time line. This is, of course, post Clarity AD readout should be positive. And in line with that communication, all the communications with regulators around the world, they are in line -- they have been in consultation. In Japan, Eisai actually has communicated and we have communicated previously that they have been part of its prior consultation process. Now the prior consultation process in Japan has the ability to really expedite the review process, should the data be positive. So that's also taking place. So all the -- everything is on track to complete the submission. Benefit risk will always drive the discussions, and we believe that the trial is set up well-powered and well designed to give us an answer on a clinically validated instrument. So we believe that it is set up well. We, of course -- the rest will depend on the data.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Evan. So I think that before we kind of -- before I answer that directly, it would be important for us to kind of reiterate that the final NCD indicated that antibodies with full approval may be covered in CMS approved prospective comparative studies and -- but that this data could be collected in a registry. Now what is left open to interpretation here is there next point that they made, which is that the degree of rigor in these study designs may depend on good part on the strength of evidence of the initial randomized controlled trial that led to FDA approval. This aspect, we feel quite good about because we think that the trial is well designed and well set up and well powered to give us a readout. So we believe that if the trial reads out positive, that is the Clarity AD that there would be a chance that it would meet the high level of evidence bar that NCD has put forward from -- that CMS has put forward in the NCD and that they could potentially reconsider for full coverage. The other aspect to consider here is that there are two other readouts coming in the same sort of time frame, which could also influence how CMS looks at their guidance and what they designate as a high level of evidence. So it's not clear to us at this point, but it will depend on each molecule, Phase 3 data is my personal interpretation on this. Now as Eisai has announced, Clarity has a robust design, and they believe that it could meet the high level of evidence set forth by CMS in the NCD memo. So we do think that it could be reconsidered. And I think the high level of evidence would have to include safety, efficacy under represented population that mirrors the CMS population. In addition, I would say that the population in the Clarity AD also has comorbidities and concomitant medications not very dissimilar from the CMS population. So I think these things set us up well and they bode well. I think final outcome will depend on the data.
Michael McDonnell: Yes. So both of those arrangements are 50-50. So you would expect that we certainly will be building infrastructure to support, hopefully, the successful launch of both of those products, and we share costs in both cases, 50-50. So we're very focused on managing our OpEx. Currently, the 2022 guidance implies a midpoint of about $4.6 billion versus $5.2 billion last year, progressing well on the cost measures that we've committed to. And then, of course, the commercial infrastructure around those two products are key items that we're working very closely with both Sage and Eisai on, particularly as it relates to planning for 2023 and beyond.
Michael McDonnell: Yes, not a lot to add, Marc. I would say that we're pleased with a couple of markets that I would call out, one being China, the other being Brazil. In particular, China, we're seeing excellent uptake on SPINRAZA is not a huge revenue contributor due to pricing dynamics there. But I think, overall, the majority of our international growth has been around SMA. But as Michael said, there's opportunity MS as well. And that's something that's gone from a very small revenue base to a respectable number as we sit here in 2022 and growing in the years beyond. So we're hopeful that we can continue to grow it meaningfully for the next several years.
Michael McDonnell: Yes. I think Michel covered a lot of it in terms of the question, Phil, but I would just say that as a reminder, that we and Eisai expect the Phase III readout for lecanemab in the fall of 2022. The PDUFA date is in early January of '23. As you know -- as currently written, the national coverage determination does significantly limit the market opportunity for antibodies with accelerated approval. And so as Michel said, we will closely align with Eisai to resource appropriately. We'll take learnings from ADUHELM as necessary and as where we can, and we'll resource it at each phase of its commercialization very gradually as lecanemab is launched. I'd say that, obviously, we did make the decision to take down the ADUHELM commercial infrastructure because we felt the time gap was too large to the timing of when we would need it for lecanemab. And I think that, that was the right decision. We feel like we can rebuild the infrastructure in a more gradual fashion and fairly quickly when we're ready. And again, that's something that we'll partner very closely with Eisai on.
Michael McDonnell: Yes. And the other thing to remember here, this is purely from an accounting standpoint, and it ties back a little bit to the question that Mike Yee asked earlier. Just as a reminder, all of the revenue costs, everything will be aggregated and our 50% share will be reflected as a one-line revenue item for lecanemab.
