Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Mike. Turning to capital allocation, as we move forward our new priority for capital deployment is to invest in building our pipeline across our core growth areas and emerging growth areas. We will explore deals of all sizes, and we remain disciplined in our approach. We look to deploy capital to generate returns meaningfully above our cost of capital. We view investment in growth as our top priority, but we also recognize the value of opportunistically returning excess capital to shareholders through share repurchases. Our final strategic priority is to implement a plan for a lean and simple operating model which we believe can unlock resources that can be reallocated to help fund our prioritized investment for growth. We expect that by 2019 up to $400 million annually will be available to redirect towards prioritize R&D and commercial value creation opportunities. Before I conclude, let me discuss our biosimilars business. We are excited about the potential value of both our commercial assets in Europe and our option to increase our investment in our JV, Samsung Bioepis. Biosimilars are an important contributor to our growth while not being at the core of our neuroscience focus. Our plan is to use any positive cash flow from our commercial operation and the JV to reinvest in our core growth strategy. Now let me summarize our strategy to deliver in the short term while investing for medium- and long-term value creation. We are focused and committed to maximizing the resilience of our MS core business. We expect SMA to generate significant growth, accelerated by geographic diversification. We believe our core business is capable of generating significantly increased cash flow to invest for growth. We aim to expand and develop our neuroscience portfolio across our core growth areas and emerging growth areas. We believe we can build our pipeline while at the same time rebalancing the risk profile of our portfolio. Our capital allocation is focused on enhancing our pipeline for future growth, and we aim to free up to $400 million a year in resources that we can reinvest. Lastly, there is an overarching theme that I believe will be key to implementing our strategy. We are building a new management team with diverse global expertise and execution mind-set and our actions will continue to speak for themselves. So far this year, we've continued to grow our MS business. We delivered a strong start to our SPINRAZA launch. We added two high-value assets to our pipeline. We passed 50% enrollment for aducanumab. We executed four value-based MS contracts here in the U.S. and we increased our biosimilars revenue in Europe. We intend to continue this momentum. In closing, I would like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients' lives and all of the physicians, caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs, the past and future achievements could not be realized without their passion and commitment. I am excited about our path forward on this promising journey. With our team and all of you, there is a need for a leader in neuroscience. Our goal is to be that leader. With that, we'll open the call for questions.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So before I give the floor to Mike, this is Michel. So we want to have a strategy that is a bit more hedged. There are different combination of factors in the different vertical that you heard in neuroscience that were communicated by Mike, including clinical development risks, time line, P&L risk, capital allocation, regulatory or payer. But now coming back precisely to your question, Mike will give you more details.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thanks for the good question, Eric. So as alluded, the third strategic priority is to develop and expand our neuroscience portfolio. We believe that this is a future growth engines for the company. But you know, we will obviously do that with the objective to maximize shareholder returns. We will absolutely deploy this capital where the internal rate of return will exceed our weighted average cost of capital and we will look all the time at R&D, commercial acquisitions as well as returning capital to shareholders, okay? So we don't exclude returning capital to shareholders. We will evaluate that while we see the opportunities.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So you know, the facts and the way we did outline the strategy fully speaks for itself in terms of ability for Biogen to implement well on the opportunities we have to continue to drive MS and to accelerate the efforts in SMA. And we believe there are significant opportunities as explained. And if we continue implementing well, MS is a growing market. There are half of the patients being treated than actual prevalence in the U.S. So we decided not to give long-term forward guidance on these measures that you ask, but we are confident in our ability to continue to implement well and deliver on the expected performance. And, yes, it is true that at the same time there is an articulation whereby we have the readouts of very important studies. But we'll not wait for that. As we said all along, we will continue to develop and expand our portfolio, and therefore there will be some capital allocation prioritization efforts, including potentially some BD. So this is what we are working towards.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Yes. This is what I anticipate. Your competitor is your best friend, mostly when you get 24% royalties in the largest market. So we have seen in the U.S. a contraction in 2016 of the market. And we assume that the market will resume back to low-single-digit growth in the U.S. and high-single-digit growth in Europe geographies. So I anticipate that with the PPMS label and all the patients from the sidelines, there is logically an opportunity to see the market regain some momentum. And concerning TYSABRI, you know it's 10 years of post-marketing experience with a very well documented beneficiaries proposition for the providers and for the patients that had the time to experience the efficacy of this product. I was in USC last week, and I was reminded by all the physicians on the perceived unsurpassed efficacy on this product. So it speaks for itself, and I believe that TYSABRI will continue to do well, but we have seen some erosion and so be it for high titer JCV that will switch to OCREVUS. But let's keep in mind that when they switch from TYSABRI to OCREVUS, it's not an easy switch. What I hear and as anticipated is that some of the patients see a rebound in the disease symptomatology, and they do communicate that to the providers. So this is clearly an element that we see. So I hope I did answer with a few measures – the dynamic, your question.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Yes. So I will take the first part, and then I will let Mike on the gene therapy comment. So, when I travel in the different geographies and I get to meet scientific leaders and I talk to advocacy groups, it appears that the epidemiology and the prevalence might be slightly higher than what we anticipated. This is what I hear from different geographies. So we are very pleased with the launch progress, and we see infrastructure and patient access improving. The patients pools and demand is certainly a very good support to this momentum, and importantly, we are making some good progress with the late onset. And keep in mind that the later onset represents 80% of the prevalence. So we are now with regulatory approval beyond the U.S. unlocking new patient pools broadly, and the testimony from the patient is critical. And this is a community that basically communicates extremely well. Patients and family are very well informed, motivated and they demand treatment. So what we've said in the call is that we believe that SPINRAZA will become one of our most important commercial assets.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So just an additional comment, but I would like to give the floor first to Paul McKenzie, our Head of Manufacturing, will say a few words.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Paul. Al Sandrock would like to make a comment.Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr., M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Hi, Ronny. On the question about prevalence, the most common type of SMA based on incidence is Type 1, and we know we affect survival in Type 1 patients. So the prevalence has to go up overall for SMA, if that's true.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So, this is Michel. The uptake so far was strong, and we just want to send a word of caution here because, yes, effectively 80% or 60% of the Type 2 population basically had or has spinal surgery and eventually, just let's put ourselves in the shoes of Type 2 patients, either patients who had the fusion surgery and is aware now of the ability of a product like SPINRAZA and how motivated and also frustrated. And therefore, together with the medical community, they try to find solutions. Let me give you an example of one center close to where we stand here, the Boston Children's Hospitals. They have an strategy plan in place. They have an internal team that is well assigned to SMA. They have processes in place to manage through all the logistics. They are battling with the payers in order to secure access and reimbursement. And they are working now on the solutions so that they can appropriately dose the more complicated patients. It starts with the right leadership, the right commitment, and providers here are our allies in order to find solutions for those patients. But, again, we just want to say, we won't be able to penetrate as strong as one would wish in this population because of this challenge.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So, listen. I think that the process that together with the executive team, we worked on during the past six months has been a very rich and fascinating journey to try to define what will be the next step for Biogen. I am in charge since six months, and I think that already what we communicate here is pretty solid, and should give you an indication on how we see Biogen evolve. And we decided that for the time being this is good. Obviously, we have our plans, we have our commitments and we're going to execute on those. But here you have a clear view on the strategy, meaning what we consciously decide to do and not to do and this is what we communicated today.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So what we see is a learning curve. Remember, those centers did not perform in intrathecally – intrathecal injections and mostly injections and very often for infants. And what we see is capability being built around this pool of patients pressed by the patients, tremendously pressed by the patients and the advocacy group. And what we see is a learning curve and when they dedicate personnel infrastructure, we expect depth to increase over time in those key centers. Remember at the outset, what we always said with a lot of caution since day one, and we continue to be very cautious about the ramp up is that there are approximately 30 key SMA centers and 150 neuromuscular centers. And you see that where we stand today, we have 145 centers dosing the product. We've made substantial progress, and now it's a matter of having those centers performing more and more so that the patients can benefit.Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr., M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Pediatric neurologists generally – I mean they're comfortable putting a needle in the intrathecal space, but usually to withdraw fluid for diagnostic purposes. So I think early on many centers were asking anesthesiologists and interventional radiologists who are more used (01:11:23) but I suspect that as time goes on, as Michel was saying, with the learning curve, that people will start to get comfortable injecting because usually the hard part is to find the intrathecal space (01:11:35) drawing versus adding fluid, there's not that much of a technical difference.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you for the question. Listen, the world and technology are evolving very fast and the question is pharma companies evolving at the same pace or faster pace, and how is Biogen in that space? Where do we stand versus pharma benchmarks and beyond pharma benchmarks? And, yes, we have done a lot of cost measure in the past, but when you peel the onion and look at the reality of the key processes, the ability for cost moves to the key geographies and patients, the key processes on manufacturing, R&D, using channels and benefiting from technology or procurement, there are plenty of opportunities to be leaner and more simple and to be the biotech that we stand for. The one that everybody wants to copy. This is why looking at the opportunity here across all divisions and functions we stated this opportunity of $400 million run rate as per 2019 that we are going in order to be logical with our strategy that we are going to reinvest in value creation opportunities that will benefit the shareholders. But I would like Paul to say a few words as head of manufacturing, how he sees the lean and simple.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Paul. So basically it's all about fitness for the organization, and how can we enhance the level of speed and decision-making, proximity, agility. In the P&L, you can expect to see neutral impact on the contribution in bottom-line, but a potential shift from SG&A to R&D. And last but not least, I would like to say that based on this fitness, we want to stimulate growth momentum, but the cost discipline at Biogen actually will enhance, because we want to be very, very rigorous on how the money is being spent. It's not about focusing the efforts on head count reduction. It's all about fitness and processes.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So, we have an EBITDA that is in approximation of $6 billion, if you take 2016. And we anticipate that the maximum yield would likely be in the approximation of $10 billion to $12 billion, which is two times the EBITDA on a net debt basis. This is where we stand basically. But again, the driver will be value for the shareholders, and we'll be very disciplined in the way we spend our money, the shareholders' money actually.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thanks for the question. This is Michel. So basically the current status is approximately two-third of the patients treated in the U.S. geography represents Type 2 and Type 3 populations. And this is also the highest prevalent population today, okay? As Al said, over time the early onset will grow based on expected improved survival. So 60% we did not anticipate that a few months ago. So it shows that those patients are highly motivated and now we face the challenge of the more complicated patients for which the entire system is trying to overcome to secure that they can also improve on their disability. So it's actually very difficult for me where I stand to state what will be the expected penetration of the late onset patients at this stage. Basically, the next few months will be very rich because they will inform us on the ability for the system to overcome those challenges. The Biogen team is, as you can tell, fully committed and engaged. They have done a spectacular work. They have not a sense of the strategy. They have the sense of the purpose and this is stronger than anything I have seen so far in my professional life. So to answer clearly your question, a few months and we'll be a bit more educated. Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: I think exercising the option makes sense. This is my position, okay. And this will give us a lot of optionality on what we do with this stake in a successful JV. As you can see, there is the launch of infliximab in the U.S. being announced today. So there are lot of good prospects for this JV that is engaged in also building a strong pipeline. And we're looking at that very closely so that we can see how we can eventually enrich our commercial footprint. We are very pleased with the success of this team, very focused, very nimble without basically losing the focus on MS as a priority and adding tremendous momentum to the top line but also profitable since Q3 last year. So these are all positives and I will just cap it by saying that from a value proposition vis-à-vis the public payers in Europe, this is a tremendous add when we engage with payers because we come with new product launches and innovation and at the same time with significant savings opportunity mostly when you consider then the relevant market for the anti-TNF is approximately €9 billion in Europe. So we currently intend to opt in for the JV option and as you know, the option expires in 2018. But we don't lose our focus strategically and I will bring you back to what we said earlier in the call, the vision is to be the leader in neuroscience.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you for a great question. So where do we stand? We did initiate the lean and simple a few months back when I took up the job. We are still looking at the opportunities. We have a long list of opportunities so this is to be more fit than what we are today. And we will need now, together with the executive team to prioritize what we do first. And as I communicated earlier, we believe we aspire to have a $400 million run rate in 2018. Well, we are mid-2017 so we still have some time in order to put that in place. Not much. We are starting implementing this year, but I don't have granularity today on the respective impact on each line of the P&L, but certainly we will see key geographies commercially and R&D benefit in order to add to the momentum in the short midterm and the long term, and Mike will add some comments.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Yeah. One is on discontinuation and one is on relapse of MS. So I apologize, so relapse of MS and therefore for the entire portfolio at the end of the period we see the relapse of MS and then there is basically a higher discounts being provided in case. So these are regional customers. These are pilots. It's for us to try to learn and to measure the impact, bring real world evidence and measure how we move forward from there. It's not a financial objective at the outset, it is just changing the paradigm and being the leader and being more responsible. This is what the industry deserves.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D.: Yes. Geoff, I think this is a great question and the nature of it highlights exactly what we're trying to do. We are looking very closely at clinical risk. We're looking to diversify that a bit. We think that SPINRAZA does provide an excellent template of what we can do in rare and orphan disease. When we look at this as development, we're going to look at very closely at this area in rare and orphan. We also want to make some of this risk a little bit less codependent which is areas that may not – where the risk isn't the same across different clinical populations so we're looking at that. And then I mentioned a little bit about trying to pursue patient-centered franchises which is kind of addressing things across patient areas where we've got known expertise. Whether that's symptomatics and Alzheimer's disease, whether it's muscle enhancement and SMA, those are the kind of things we're going to look to diversify and mitigate clinical risk in the portfolio.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D.: Yes, Geoff. Thanks for the question and interest. We just don't comment about interim analysis, so I really have no more to say on that one.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D.: So, Ronny, I'll try to answer the question about gene therapy. So, first, we're very excited about our Penn collaboration. Obviously we stay closely aware of clinical results as they're being presented in the field by AveXis, an example. We think we're making good progress. We believe that we will be able to get to the clinic next year. We see a path forward. We're making a considerable investment in our development capabilities, our regulatory strategy, all the analytics and manufacturing technologies that go around this, and we're quite committed to solutions including gene therapy solutions for all SMA patients.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D.: Michael, this is Mike. I'll kind of start. Look, at one level we haven't really disclosed our overall strategy in this area. So I can't go into some of this. But, as I mentioned Paul elaborated on, we have put a considerable investment into our development capabilities, our analytical and manufacturing capabilities. And we do see this across the gene therapy space as being a critical point of differentiation. I mentioned that we're committed to solutions for all SMA patients, and I think that's also going to be an important component of potential differentiation in our development strategy. And I would also highlight that because SPINRAZA has become the standard of care and is approved quite broadly in SMA, we need to think very carefully about how different therapies will be used in combination and in sequence across different SMA populations. So that in a nutshell is sort of highlighting the broad categories of things where we think that we can differentiate.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah. Andrew, so just to address the question on clinical risk and biomarkers that you raised. Look, this is why our primary focus is on things with an early clinical development, the early clinical space. Not exclusively, but that's really the primary, so we're focusing on that. And look, I think that in the areas where we work, we often see opportunities where others might not. We often can develop capabilities and development that others don't have in that space. And that's why we think we do just have asymmetric ability, the more we are in the early clinical space. Of course we're going to look beyond that, though, which there might be later programs, there might be earlier programs. A key element of this reinvestment though for that is the time element, so we're very conscious of the fact that to get to the growth that we're looking in the portfolio where our core skill set is in early clinical development means we need to be acting now to really be able to identify those opportunities and bring them in. I'll turn it to Al for some comments.Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr., M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: On the question about risk in neurology investment. I think the strategy that was outlined by Michel and Mike makes a lot of sense and it leverages not only our capabilities in terms of understanding of disease, but also platforms like the intrathecal ASO. So just as an example, we just take the movement disorder bucket, there are a lot of rare and orphan diseases. For example, the spinal cerebellar ataxias that are amenable we think to intrathecal ASO. They are genetically well-defined and the pathway could be very similar to the SPINRAZA pathway. In the neuromuscular disorders, there's a ton of diseases that are rare and orphan diseases. Again, and many of those are due to spinal cord pathology which we know now is amenable to intrathecal ASO. So I think within those key strategic core areas that Mike talked about, there's a lot of opportunity and even for large diseases such as ALS or Parkinson's, you can divide them into genetically well-defined subsets and take the very same approach. And I think using the ASO technology, we know that the antisense gets to large parts of the central nervous system, not just the spinal cord. We have data from nonhuman primates and from other places where we know that the ASOs can get all the way up into the brain into the cerebral cortex, so that opens up a whole array of opportunities. So yes, there's risk in neurology and I think it's important to think about that risk and to manage it, but I think there's also great opportunity, particularly when leveraging something like intrathecal ASOs.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D.: Yeah, I'll just pick up on that a little bit more, Andrew, because I think you've sparked a lot of interest in commentary there. One thing that I've been very impressed by being here at Biogen is the fact, if you look at Biogen's historical probability of success from FIH to proof of concept in this space, it's roughly four times higher than that of industry benchmarks. So we have a demonstrated ability to actually change the probability of success equation in that space. And Al cited beautiful examples on this. We've seen this before. It was the PRIME study with aducanumab actually imaging patients and stratifying accordingly. It's in the design capabilities, the smart type of design to have titration as part of the PRIME study to be able to inform how we conduct our Phase 3 trials and then responding and executing appropriately. Endpoint development, whether it was in the SPINRAZA program, it made a lot of difference. Or even as we've been envisioning the plans for the opicinumab program. These are the development of novel endpoints that are based on the fact that we have got differentiated expertise in the area.
