George A. Scangos: Thanks, Claudine, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. 2012 was a successful and exciting year here at Biogen Idec. We exceeded our financial goals for the year, enjoyed good performance from our products, made substantial progress moving BG-12 and our hemophilia compounds towards hopeful approvals and launch and substantially improved the quality and quantity of our early-stage pipeline. So following my brief opening remarks, Tony Kingsley, Doug Williams and Paul Clancy will review the results and achievements of 2012 and how they position us for 2013. Doug will also review the positive pivotal trial results of PEGylated interferon that we announced last week. So 2012 revenue and earnings were strong and exceeded our expectations. Revenue was $5.5 billion, and non-GAAP earnings were $6.53 per share, a strong performance in a year where we invested heavily to advance the late-stage pipeline and prepared for multiple product launches. As Paul will outline, the good performance was the result of a mixture of positive and negative factors, but the bottom line is that the products continued to do well. AVONEX, after years of declining market share, had a turnaround year in 2012. The introduction of the AVONEX PEN, the first intramuscular autoinjector and the AVOSTARTGRIP, a titration kit to help reduce the frequency and severity of flu-like symptoms, together with great execution on the part of our commercial team, gave AVONEX new vibrancy, and that resulted in a turnaround from losing to gaining market share within the ABCRE class. 2012 was also a good year for TYSABRI, as we ended the year with 7,700 more commercial patients on drug than we started. With the availability of the test for JC virus antibodies, TYSABRI's use is shifting into the JCV-negative portion of the population, and it is getting earlier use in that segment. Our late-stage development programs, BG-12, hemophilia programs and PEGylated interferon continued to march forward in 2012. We continue to be optimistic about BG-12's potential to benefit patients with MS. You may have noticed that there's been some noise from entrenched competitors, which is not surprising. We believe in BG-12's favorable risk-benefit profile, which has been studied in a large clinical program with more than 3,600 MS patients and includes an ongoing long-term extension study. So I take the noise to be more a reflection of competitive worries about BG-12 than anything else. I want to point out that the biggest risk to MS patients is inadequate control of their disease, and the introduction of more efficacious products can only be a good thing for patients. We're very pleased to have received the notice of allowance for our dosing regimen patent application in the U.S., claiming the administration of 240 milligrams of DMF twice daily for the treatment of MS. That is the dosing regimen currently under review in our NDA, and this patent is expected to be listed in the FDA's Orange Book and provide patent protection for our BG-12 product until 2028. We believe BG-12 represents a meaningful advance for the MS community, and our focus is on bringing this important therapy to patients as quickly as possible. We're also working toward the potential registration for our hemophilia compounds, recombinant Factors VIII and IX. Based on the data that we announced from our Phase III trials, we believe both products have the potential to offer longer-lasting protection from bleeding while meaningfully reducing treatment burden. If approved, we believe these products will represent the first major treatment advances in hemophilia A and B since recombinant clotting factors were introduced in the '90s. Third, one of our goals was to build up the early- and mid-stage pipeline. We continue to focus on areas where we think we have a competitive advantage, neurodegenerative, immunological and hematological diseases, where there is still a high unmet needs and where the biology is well understood. Our continued work in these areas better positions our mid-stage pipeline to reach development milestones in the next 2 years. In summary, 2012 was a very productive year for Biogen Idec, and I'll now turn the call over to Tony Kingsley to discuss in more detail our commercial results.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thank you, Paul. This is a remarkable time for Biogen Idec. In 2012, our commercial, regulatory, development, clinical and research teams achieved significant milestones that positioned us for sustained near- and long-term growth. As I think about 2013, we believe that the underlying drivers of growth continue to look robust. Current products continue to provide a solid business foundation, and we expect continued performance in 2013. AVONEX is now gaining market share in the U.S. and internationally within the ABCRE class. And as Paul -- as Doug reported, we recently had the results for our peginterferon trial, which showed solid efficacy. We plan to launch peginterferon with the disposable subcutaneous autoinjector to improve patient convenience. This potential best-in-class profile should enable us to further expand our share in the ABCRE segment. We continue to be optimistic about the prospects for TYSABRI. The JC virus antibody test seems to be paying off now, and we think TYSABRI has substantial growth potential. We're entering an era, where subject to FDA approval, we hope to have several new product launches: TECFIDERA, our hemophilia compounds and PEGylated interferon. Behind those is a pipeline of very promising compounds. Next year, we'll have a readout for daclizumab HYP, which has the potential for once-a-month dosing for the treatment of relapsing MS patients. In 2015, we'll have a readout for TYSABRI in secondary-progressive MS. If the data are positive in this indication, it would be a great service for those patients and a new market for TYSABRI. SPMS patients make up approximately 35% of the total MS population. And then potentially, there's a readout for ISIS-SMNRx in 2016. So over the next 3 years, we expect to have proof-of-concept data for multiple compounds including anti-LINGO for MS, ISIS-SMNRx for SMA, STX-100 for IPF, anti-TWEAK for lupus, neublastin for neuropathic pain and BIIB037 for Alzheimer's disease. So it looks like we could have pivotal trial results for at least 1 new compound each year for the next 3. Together with readouts from our Phase II compounds and proof-of-concept data within that same time frame, we believe that the early-stage pipeline is maturing nicely and could be a major value contributor to the company as we move forward. Our next steps are pretty clear. We now drive forward with the same passion and commitment we demonstrated over the years to maximize the opportunities ahead of us and bring innovative and sought-after therapies to patients globally. We need to continue to drive the performance of our current products. What's important to us is to drive leadership across the entire MS franchise. We believe that with a leading injectable, the leading high-efficacy therapy and potentially the leading oral compound, we're well positioned to capture more net new patients in each of those segments. We need to ensure that we go through the registration processes for our new compounds efficiently and successfully launch each of the late-stage products in the coming years. For the rest of the pipeline, we need to ensure that we get the trials done on time and continue to drive innovation to bring the best science to the company. And we need to further build the early-stage pipeline to continue to bring important new medicines to patients in areas of high unmet need and further ensure that we have major value drivers going forward. So our future and our success are in our own hands, and that's a nice place to be. Very few companies can tell the story that we can, and that doesn't happen by accident. I'm very proud of the many accomplishments achieved by our company and our outlook for 2013. We thank all of the employees who make our achievements possible. And at this time, I will open the call to Q&A.
George A. Scangos: Thanks, Mark, and let me just point out that it's also our job to worry about unlikely events, so -- but let me take those 2 things 1 at a time, and this is like the guest who won't leave the party, I guess. But anyway, look, let me take the PML stuff first. We talked about this at JPMorgan. So let's first talk about BG-12, right? It's been studied in 3,600 patients including a long-term extension study, 0 cases of PML, no opportunistic infections, looks great. With FUMADERM, in 180,000 patient years, there have been 3 cases of PML, and there's 1 additional case that's been reported in a patient taking formulated fumaric acid esters, right? So lump those together, you got 4 cases in 180,000 patient years. So the first thing to say is that is kind of the normal rate that you would expect to see in a population of patients with an autoimmune disease. There's nothing alarming about that role rate. Two of those cases are heavily confounded, patients taking other drugs, having other risk factors for PML. Two of them, which I think are the 2 patients to which Dr. Gold alludes in his post last week, were lymphopenic for sustained periods of time. Lymphopenia is also known to be a risk factor for PML. So the 2 cases reported last week are not new cases. They're 2 of the 4 cases that are already known. I -- there, he mentioned that they are going to be published in a major medical journal. I think that's true, but I just -- I mean, glad you asked the question because we can make it clear here. Those are not new cases. These are the old cases. And the rate's low. So that's all there is, I think, to say about that. Now on the kidney issue, the -- look, this came from a website that was deemed constructed for internal use only. The -- actually, the information on the website were not completely accurate. They were not vetted completely by us, let alone even submitted to any regulatory agencies, let alone approved by any regulatory agencies. And they were largely meant to be placeholders for the site, so we could substitute the official information and get the site up quickly after approval. The site -- the data -- the site was accessed by Teva. Data were inappropriately used to file their citizens position -- petition that they filed. The data are not new. They are old. We disclosed those data, as you pointed out, many years ago. The regulatory agencies have had them for years for those reason that we did the renal monitoring during the clinical program. And as you know, from looking at the Phase III data, there were no signs in the renal trial in humans. So we feel very comfortable about the safety profile of BG-12 and about the risk-benefit profile of BG-12. And we are still aiming for an approval at the end of March. And as I said before, we take these concerns now to be -- I think the noise about them now is largely a question of competitive pressure rather than anything else.
George A. Scangos: Yes, on the IP front, you can assume that there are other things that we are doing. This is obviously a very important franchise for us, and we're working on a number of factors. This -- the 480 patent is pending in the EU as well. And so we haven't spoken too much publicly about what else we're doing, so we'll leave that alone for now.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thank you, all, for listening to the call today. I appreciate the questions, and we'll get back to work and hopefully deliver a great 2013. Thanks.
Tony Kingsley: Thank you, George. Our core MS franchise continues to perform well with our fourth quarter MS revenues increasing 8% year-over-year while full year MS revenues grew 9% versus the prior year. AVONEX continues to perform well, gaining global market share in 2012 within the ABCRE injectable class and maintaining a strong front line position in MS. We believe this continues to be driven by 2 things: market uptick of the AVONEX PEN, which brings real convenience advantages to patients and strong commercial execution in a promotionally sensitive segment of the market. In the U.S., despite new competition entering the MS market, we ended the year with more U.S. AVONEX patients on therapy than we started, providing evidence that our commercial strategy is succeeding. Outside of the U.S., AVONEX remains the leading MS therapy, as we continue to increase our leading market share position. Unit growth in these markets was strong. Now moving to TYSABRI. Patient growth was solid during the fourth quarter, as we added another 1,500 new commercial patients, and for the year, we added approximately 7,700 commercial patients in 2012. TYSABRI's solid growth trajectory continues to be driven by its powerful efficacy. We continue to advance the science in understanding and stratifying TYSABRI's benefit-risk profile and build physician confidence in the therapy. As a result, TYSABRI continues to gain market share in the global MS space. We saw a continued evidence of earlier adoption in the JCV-negative patient population throughout the year. With growing JCV testing volumes and now the majority of patients who are starting TYSABRI treatment are JCV negative, leading to what we believe will be longer-term retention rates over time. Now moving to our anticipated 2013 product launches. First, as some of you may already be aware, we now have a brand name for BG-12, TECFIDERA. In the U.S., we are fully ready for a commercial launch of TECFIDERA and continue to plan to an expected late March FDA approval. Our brand strategy is defined. We have a robust promotional plan in place, and we are appropriately resourced. Additional field resources are already in place, and we will augment with significant promotional and program spend to support the anticipated launch beginning in Q2. Outside the U.S., we are planning toward an expected EMA approval in the first half of 2013 and expect the primary launches this year to occur in Germany and Canada, with the cadence of launches in other countries stretching into 2014. In international launch markets, we already have key marketing and market access resources in place to support TECFIDERA, and we have a clearly defined hiring schedule to add field resources several months in front of each country's launch. While we obviously do not have a TECFIDERA label yet, we continue to believe the data suggests a product profile that will be very appealing to a broad set of physicians and patients, and we continue to see high market anticipation. We are realistic that the market is sticky with many patients well controlled on existing therapies, and that as the third oral to market, we have our work cut out for us. With that said, we are very excited. We will set very ambitious goals for ourselves, resource the launch aggressively and focus on strong execution as we have done with our other products to drive success. While the TECFIDERA launch is of primary importance to us, our broader objective is to grow our total franchise in MS, and we believe we are well positioned to do just that. We have a potential leader in the 3 market segments: AVONEX in the injectable class or ABCRE, TYSABRI in the high efficacy segments and TECFIDERA in the emerging oral segment. With something like 30% of the patients currently on our products today, we see real growth potential across our portfolio, and we'll focus on maximizing our total patient capture. In 2013, we also anticipate accelerating our commercial activities for the hemophilia franchise. We have a strong nucleus of commercial leadership in place, and we'll continue to build out the team infrastructure and supply chain necessary for successful launches. Assuming end-of-year approvals, we anticipate the majority of our sales force buildout to occur in the middle of the year. Similar to TECFIDERA, we also anticipate making significant investments in promotional and marketing activities that are vital to successful launches. We believe our commercial momentum is solid. We are executing our strategies successfully, and we believe we are well prepared for potential upcoming launches. With that, I'll hand the call over to Doug.
Tony Kingsley: Yes, Geoff, it's Tony. Thanks for the question. So look, from a commercial standpoint, our thesis on the injectables class has been that as other products enter and the efficacy differences get compressed a little bit, it moves to convenience. Look, both of these are good news from a convenience standpoint. It's early days, and I think we have some work to do to think through the -- sort of the more tactical marketing strategy on 2 versus 4. There's -- the good news is they're both good. Disability is obviously encouraging to have, and that can be a differentiator, I think, particularly with payers who are particularly interested in that. Doug, I don't know if you want to talk about the 2-year.
Tony Kingsley: Robyn, it's Tony. So look, we're obviously thinking about interferon as a franchise over time, and we'll think about the value proposition of PEGylated interferon in that context. Again, our theory is convenience is an important differentiator and an increasingly important differentiator over time. We have a strong value proposition with AVONEX and the PEN today, a subcutaneous 13 or 26 times per year injectable is very attractive. So you ask could it be the leading interferon. The question I would ask is why couldn't it be the leading injectable. If you look at 13 or 26 times a year with the kind of data we're talking about relative to 365 times a year, also subcutaneous, it's a pretty powerful value proposition.
Tony Kingsley: Matt, it's Tony. In terms of the kind of the strategy for PEGylated interferon, I'd say TBD. Clearly, you'd want to think about capturing new patients with that. We don't have the label, et cetera. Yes, that's a ways off. The pace at which you think about converting a subject to a lot of different factors, well-controlled patients, do you want to move them off therapy, what data will physicians want to be comfortable doing that. There are payer dynamics associated with that. So lots to work out on that front, but again, from a franchise standpoint, this is good news.
Tony Kingsley: Yes, good question, Michael. So look, the couple of macro things that are different is the class is getting more crowded, right? There are more -- there have already been more entrants. Anticipate more entrants. So payers around the world are obviously focused on a class because there are more things to look at. The second is I think Paul has been pretty transparent. The European pricing environment has been very difficult in the last couple of years, and we think there's going to continue to be meaningful pressure on prices in general as the European economy continues to struggle. So if you think about it, the differentials between U.S. pricing and largely, European pricing are getting greater than they have, and both those factors seem to be moving in the direction that would increase those over time.
Tony Kingsley: Yes, from a launch standpoint, we think mechanically we should be able to launch relatively quickly in Germany. As I think you know, the AMNOG process, which is the reimbursement process in Germany, allows you free pricing for, I think, the first 12 months. So you can get to market while you are negotiating that, and then you may be subject to some adjustments to that later, but no, no barriers to keep us from getting on the ground relatively quickly.
Tony Kingsley: Marshall, it's Tony. In terms of the actual real-world experience with discount rates and compliance versus other things like that, we don't know until we get into the real world. We think we have an idea of where that will come out, but we're going to monitor it very closely, and as Paul said, we'll have programs in place to try to address issues that we see on that front. But we'll be all over it as we launch and tracking it and seeing what we can do to improve issues that come up.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes -- no. Thanks, Eric. I mean, I think the -- what we've -- I've been working to try to do is just try to point out the fact that post the PDUFA delay last year, I think there were a fair amount of models that actually didn't adjust for the fact that it's 9 months in the United States as opposed to 12 months. And then I think the other key thing is that compliance for BG-12, we just actually don't know. So we're kind of being a little bit cautious that we're looking at twice-a-day drugs as opposed to once-a-day drugs kind of the benchmark being kind of Gilenya, that there's a good chance that compliance coming out of the gates may be a little bit lower. We're going to be putting in place a lot of programs, pharmacy programs and the like to make sure over the medium term that patients are taking the therapy appropriately. So falling short a little bit of exactly asking -- answering your question on the number, the spot number, just kind to want to really point that stuff out, it's obviously a range. And I think that we'll know that as we get into it. We are very comfortable with the longer-term projections, which also obviously is a range. But just for this year, I just want to try to really point a couple of those factors out.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes. No. Great question, Yaron, with respect to gross to net, and clearly, we're talking about the United States. The gross to net -- few people have pointed this out, that it has increased over the last couple of years, so that's always good to be mindful of. For us and for our category, multiple sclerosis, it's a function of private payer rebates, which really are actually haven't meaningfully increased and then government rebates, which while it's a relatively lower percentage of the mix for us, it actually can -- it plays a factor into the gross to net dynamics. Certainly, that's particularly true for AVONEX. That's true for TYSABRI. That will actually, in the early days, obviously be less true for BG-12 because that's more of a function of historical pricing vis-à-vis kind of cost-of-living adjustments if you will. So it's good thing to be mindful of, but I think it's still quite manageable.
Paul J. Clancy: I'd say that the dynamics of 2013 are, Geoff, pretty close to what you point out in terms of we expect to get a little bit of deleverage in SG&A, call it, 150 to 200 bps of deleverage as this is a critical year and a very unique year and a great year for Biogen Idec with respect to kind of the bolus of potential launches. R&D, we expect to get to more or less make up that point, those 150 to 200 basis points. And actually, that has been all along kind of the thinking, as the maturation of the late-stage programs get through kind of the big spending. They -- as you move late stage and finish your trial as we've talked about in the past, it's not like the spending disappears. The exception obviously is dexpramipexole. We expect just very small amount of spending in 2013, and that is really kind of a big driver on the 2012 to 2013 kind of leverage point. We will continue to look at business development deals in R&D. Our current guidance doesn't include anything real meaningful in that, but we feel that we have an obligation to continue to look at those things and cover the cost of those if they're very manageable and very, very small. And that continues just to be real important strategically to build up the early- and mid-stage pipeline to get a real longer-term sustainable growth for the company. And it's essentially part and parcel to what we do here, and it's been proven to be pretty darn effective. Those -- anything meaningful on that front, we look at on a -- the merits of the molecule, the merits of the deal, less about kind of what does it do for the kind of quarter-to-quarter impact on the P&L. And we have to solve that after the fact.
Paul J. Clancy: And Robyn, I think not too much to report for 2013 on gross margins other than what's in the guidance. Over the longer term, the gross margins are quite healthy now as you know. Over the long term, we actually think we can creep it north of that modestly. BG-12 is a very good kind of cost of goods sold. We expect over time TYSABRI, with bringing on Denmark, that we can move gross margins a little bit more favorable in that dimension. So I think that,that actually over time is a modestly improving story.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, thanks, Matt. It's great and probably helpful in terms of clarifying. The consensus is essentially what our plan is for the top line, so I mean, I think I wouldn't stretch it and to say that we've got a lot of conservatism at all built into that. It assumes a little bit of pricing action in the U.S., yet modest. It assumes that we'll solve AIFA at some point during -- the impact during the year. That's not the most meaningful assumption that we have, and we certainly are working hard to do that. If we don't, it's still manageable in the bottom line. It doesn't -- we don't have an assumption in terms of the top line with respect to legislative changes that many of you have or -- and all of us are watching. Dual eligibles is actually a meaningful impact for us on the AVONEX business, and our kind of top line outlook assumes very comparable foreign exchange. So I think it's a pretty fair kind of look at what we think the business is. I would not guide at all to stretch that much further at all.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, let me take the first and third. Probably too much of a shorthand everybody's jumping to already. So we actually do think actually TYSABRI continues in a growth year. So growth there, as well as kind of AIFA, our kind of royalty line and corporate partner revenue line actually expands a bit. So I think we're probably being a little bit more cautious and believe to be more cautious on BG-12 than kind of what -- and that has got nothing to do with the longer-term prospects of what we think about the drug over the long haul, just kind of the dynamics of the first year launch. With respect to -- I'll jump to the third part of your question, Marshall, which we expect to the accounting for the BG-12 contingent payments, no change. So that was -- we're kind of being very, very consistent with the way we've treated purchase accounting that it does not impact the non-GAAP P&L, but it certainly is something to be accounted for. It impacts the cash flow statement. They are very, very meaningful, so certainly want to be very cognizant of them.
Douglas Edward Williams: Yes, in the 2-year data, because of the way the study is designed, the patients who are on placebo roll over to active drug. So what we'll really be looking at there is primarily tolerability-related issues in the second year. You really lose your comparator group, if you will, just based on the way the study is designed. So primarily we'll get some additional tolerability data. We'll obviously be looking at sort of long-term efficacy measures but have less power to say things just based on the fact that the placebo patients have now been rolled over to active drug.
Douglas Edward Williams: And in terms of what we'll have available to help physicians manage patients through, we're really talking about the first month here where both the flushing and the GI tolerability effects seem to manifest themselves, and they tend to sort of self limit after a month. But we will have patient support services available to be able to sort of advise and counsel if you will. As you know, we've done some studies with aspirin that seem to have a meaningful effect on flushing. Those won't be in the label, but we're continuing to do some additional work. Those studies have been published. They've been talked about at some of the major neurology meetings, so that information is obviously out there and available for physicians. And then as far as the GI tolerability, we're also looking at the ability to titer the dose up to see whether or not that has a meaningful impact for those few patients who do experience significant GI tolerability effects so -- and we'll have patient information. We won't have anything in the label initially, but we're continuing to do studies to be able to understand and better manage that.
Douglas Edward Williams: This is Doug. I'll go ahead and speak to the tolerability issue. I think what we've reported thus far is that tolerability issues are pretty comparable to what's been seen with other interferons. There were some flu-like symptoms that were seen, some injection site reactions. We'll actually be reporting a lot more information at AAN. We're still in the process of doing some of that analysis work to look at things like duration of flu-like symptoms and don't have that data yet. But what I can say is that discontinuation rates were very low in the study, which would suggest that the flu-like symptoms, even if patients had them, were not an impediment to them staying on the study drug through the conduct of the clinical trial. So we feel like we've got a molecule that has a very solid efficacy profile and one that, tolerability wise, looks not dissimilar from the existing AVONEX molecule. But we'll have a lot more data for you at the AAN.
