Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Jeff. We closed 2018 with strong commercial performance, double-digit earnings growth versus a year ago and strong execution of our strategy. We opened 2019 with the announcement of two business development deals. We have enhanced our neuroscience pipeline and broaden our capabilities across multiple modalities as we prepare for multiple upcoming important readouts. Biogen's vision and strategy are clear. As a pioneer, we aim to capture the significant unmet medical need in neuroscience with a goal of bringing potential new therapies faster and more efficiently to patients. For 2019, we aim to continue our momentum and achieve our guidance. To deliver on our aspirations, we remain focused on executing well on our strategic priorities to fortify our core business in MS and SMA. And also, allocate capital to expand and progress our neuroscience pipeline while opportunistically returning capital to shareholders. Biogen will continue to actively pursue business development and M&A. Within the next 12 to 18 months, we expect further progress as we aim to build a multi-franchise neuroscience portfolio including data reduction Alzheimer's, including the final Phase 3 data for aducanumab as well as MS and PSP. Up to five new assets advancing into the clinic and potentially regulatory approval in the U.S. for VUMERITY in MS. Finally, I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing return to our shareholders and bringing innovative strategies to patients over the long-term. These demands that we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure as well as aim for superior return from the investment we make. Once again, I would like to thank our employees around the world, who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patient’s life and all of the physician, caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs, our past and future achievements could not be realized without the passion and commitment. With that, we will open the call for questions.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the good questions. So, the strategy as you know is clear and simple and very usable. There’s three main reasons to believe; first, we have a strong underlying momentum, solid base, value proposition, improving with the offer of biosimilars and we are working on the operating model. Second, we have a strong and stronger engine for growth with all the enhanced pipeline that Mike spoke about, and we have very important landmark study readouts in the coming period, so this is a very exciting place to be. Third, we have financial strengths. So concerning the BD and M&A, the drive first will be to continue to accelerate the buildup of our modalities and pipeline. This will be the key driver, scientific and strategic alignment. We will not go for bridging a potential gap because we are not on a burning platform. The team is building up very well; the management team is spending a lot of time on those activities. We have a broad range of targets and we are working on that but with pace and calm.
Michel Vounatsos: So we expect to grow SPINRAZA during 2019 in the U.S. and ex-U.S. Remember, in the U. S. one year ago we're not sure by the ability of the organization to penetrate the large adult segment of the prevalence and we add 15%. This has driven more than 50% of the new starts in Q4. There is still a very long way to go. The organization is ready, working on that and beyond the U.S. just give some color.
Michel Vounatsos: Concerning SPINRAZA in the U.S. for infants and children if it was your question, we do believe that it is still opportunity to improve the penetration. The reason why we are 50% for infants is that some are still too advanced, and therefore they cannot be dosed. For children and toddlers, one of the challenge was the complex spine, and we can see that the clinicians are able to dose better nowadays that they have more experience. So, we should be able to continue to make reasonable inroads. The biggest potential again remains really adult, the 60% opportunity for, which we penetrated thoroughly 15% and now have the capability, the reach and the infrastructure in terms of dosing capability and coverage is establishing the U.S.
Michel Vounatsos: So for 2019 we aim to continue our momentum while we are getting ready for very important readouts. Thank you all for joining us today on our call. 
Al Sandrock: So, hi Jeff, this is Al. On your second question, we've been considering doing this preclinical study, we call it, for a few years now and it's part of our broader life cycle management strategy. I'd say the reasons why we're doing it are that many of our advisors and investigators have been encouraging us to do it for some time, and I would say also that the BAN2401 results that we got roughly six months ago increases our level of confidence in aducanumab, and then finally as you know FDA put out guidance recently that contemplates how you might get approval for early AD. So we believe one day, the standard of care will be to treat with amyloid-lowering drugs as early as possible and this trial will go a long way toward informing that.
Al Sandrock: Mike, this is Al. I am really sorry, but we continue to have a policy here that we don't talk about interim analysis.
Al Sandrock: Hi, Cory. I be cautious about too much read through. First of all these are not the same antibodies, crenezumab binds to sort of a mid-domain in A-beta42 peptide, aducanumab and BAN both are in terminal. Aducanumab and BAN are highly selective for aggregated forms of A-beta both soluble oligomers as well as insoluble fibrils, crenezumab doesn't have that same level of specificity. I think it's important to note that crenezumab is an IgG4, which doesn't have full effect or function, whereas, BAN and adu both have full effect or function. And finally, we just saw the results published recently on crenezumab Phase 2 where even their high dose IV arm, they did not show statistically significant lowering of amyloid plaque whether you use subcortical white matter or cerebellum as a reference region. So that's another important difference between aducanumab and BAN, both of which show substantial reduction in amyloid plaque burden in human. So I think there are some notable differences, and I'll be cautious about too much of a read through.
Al Sandrock: Hi, Ying. This is Al. On cladribine it’s -- we welcome any new therapy for MS patients, that's good for patients and good for doctors to have multiple options for their patients because MS patients are different, every one of them. Having said that cladribine, it's oral, it's very convenient in the sense that you can give it every six months essentially a cycle every six months if you will, and the key question early on was the safety, which in some of the Phase III data there were some signals that were concerning, which prevented it from being approved a few years ago, and some of those questions may still remain, which takes sort of -- which makes the convenience of it less optimal if you will. So I'll just stop there.
Al Sandrock: Just as a reminder, we've got 2,600 patients in therapy in U.S. today; we estimate the total potential is 9,000. There's a lot of room to grow from perspective interest.
Al Sandrock: Yeah, I mean, many of these patients weren't seeing a neurologist anymore. They were maybe seeing rehab specialists, but they had -- since there was no treatment, they really weren't seeing neurologist even neuromuscular neurologist weren't really seeing them. But now that there is a treatment, they're starting to find doctors and the doctors -- and it turns out their neuromuscular doctors are the same ones that are treating ALS patients by the way that are now treating a SPINRAZA patients that plus the fact that interventional radiologists have gotten really good at finding ways to get into this -- into the intrathecal space when people with complex spine, spinal fusions and other things present, and so I think it's a combination of both.
Al Sandrock: And the with regard to your question on inventory, we would expect the vast majority of the $200 million worth of inventory would get sold through in the first quarter and then there would be none left. Although, we need to manufacturing with Bioverativ but that's completely separate – distinct from the legacy inventory.
Michael Ehlers: Thanks for the question. So just to reiterate, we're very pleased with the performance of SPINRAZA, both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. and think it has a very strong growth profile. It was up 60% year-over-year although down a little bit sequentially. As I mentioned, really there are three factors that drove the sequential decline and that was; one, a shift from loading to maintenance doses in some of the more mature markets in Europe, the timing of shipments in certain distributor markets which are hard to predict, and then pricing dynamics including unfavorable country mix. So as we look forward in 2019, we expect for that franchise to resume growth. We expect that to come from several sources. Number one, in the mature markets, just like we saw the dynamic of the shift in the U.S., we expect some of these larger markets to return to growth in 2019. Second, although the IPM, or International Partner Markets, will continue to be lumpy, they are a good source of growth for us, so we expect that to grow as well. And then if you look at new markets, either entry into new markets for expansion into markets that we've just recently entered, there's a number of kind of interesting things that are happening. If we look at Europe first, we expect to enter the U.K. at some point in 2019 which would be a good size opportunity. In Turkey, we've been very successful in Type 1. We expect to kind of get Type 2 and Type 3. Saudi Arabia, Poland, and Portugal are all markets we expect to enter as well from a European perspective. Moving around the world, Canada, we just recently got approval in the fourth quarter of 2018. We expect that to be a good growth opportunity for us and a good market. And then, if you look across the rest of the world, in Asia Pacific, South Korea, we expect to get reimbursement in that market in 2019. Taiwan is another good sized market, Hong Kong. And then, in China we expect to get in on a self-pay basis. And then, Latin America, Brazil could be a sizable country. Today it's on a one-off approval basis. We expect to get reimbursement from the epidemiology is in the thousands in Brazil. So there's ample opportunity for us to grow. It's diversified regionally and by country. That's a real testament to both the effectiveness and reception of SPINRAZA worldwide.
Michael Ehlers: Yes. Thanks, Geoff, for the question. A few things, hopefully I'll touch on each of these points. We will plan to present the data at an upcoming scientific meeting. We haven't quite yet determined that, but that will be in the coming months where we'll be able to talk about it some length. We wouldn't really comment on our regulatory strategy at this point, I guess, what I would say is that we know this is a very severe disease. It's really little to nothing for these patients. So our anticipation here is that there would be good receptivity for the kind of efficacy that we think that we can see here. Just on the data itself, so this is a Phase I study, keep in mind it was designed to be a safety study as primary endpoint of this patients largely, but we incorporated a number of biomarker pharmacodynamic and clinical endpoints in this. And as I describe, it has been the collection of these both the lowering of SOD1 and the CSF has statistically significant a trend towards lowering in CSF neurofilament as well as three separate clinical outcomes, the ALSFRS, the slow vital capacity for respiratory function, the handheld dynamometry for muscle strength, and the concordance between these endpoints that have led to our excitement for these program. And I would say the general takeaways you're asking about it’s really two dimensions. One, is this is very, very encouraging to us across our ASO platform, I would say. This is our second foray after SPINRAZA. We've got many other clinical programs, new molecule as we get to the clinic. It shows us that in adult onset neurological disease we're targeting an RNase H-dependent mechanism that we are seeing signs of clinical efficacy. I believe it will be the first demonstration of proof-of-clinical concept in adults with an RNase H mechanism per se. So we're excited about that. That's one dimension. The other is that the promise that this holds broadly speaking for us in ALS, and neuromuscular disease in general.
Michael Ehlers: With regard to inventory, Umer, what we disclosed is the change within the quarter, for the beginning of the quarter to the end of the quarter, that's a number of thing we have consistently disclosed in the press releases so that is generally inventory build up by $115 million from the beginning of the fourth quarter to the end of the fourth quarter of 2018. Similarly in 2017 from the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2017 to the end, it's built by $50 million. So the change within the quarter is up $115 million in the fourth quarter of 2018 and up $50 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. So we think the relevant metric people should look at is what was the change within the quarter and if you want to know what the change was comparatively, you take the difference of the change in the change, which is $65 million I think that's pretty clear.
Michael Ehlers: So I think you're referring to two different things. I think we said we expect that our discount and allowances in the U.S. take to offer another couple hundred basis points which is very similar to what happened in 2018. And that's been driven by the mix of the business becoming more Medicaid, Medicare and 340B Hospital reliant in terms of the channel it goes through where there is higher discounts. So no different than the trend we saw from 2017 to 2018. We'll see more pressure from 2018 to 2019. With regard to the performance of the MS business, I think we said that we expect that business globally to perform similarly excluding OCREVUS to what it did in 2018. And then for any difference would be made out by the OCREVUS royalties and the combination of both of those to be resilient which we kind of, say, flattish. So we expect the kind of the trends with regard to improvement to continue in the U.S., which is very encouraging and the outside the U.S. we will continue to see some pricing pressure and competition with OCREVUS rolling through Europe.
Michael Ehlers: Okay. Robyn, this is Mike. I'll start on this and turn it over. I think our assumptions around the Novartis AVXS-101 gene therapy launch is, they've disclosed they filed in the U.S., E.U. and Japan for Type 1. Our base case is that they launch in the middle of the year and we expect that their initial label to be for Type 1 patients and mainly infants. And of course, we've been talking about it in the call, the majority of patient in Type 2 increase. So we really see this as probably being positioned for the Type 1 or the infantile SMA. Then I think the latter part of your first question was that we do think that there is opportunity for complementarity between modalities. The NURTURE data in our mind with SPINRAZA demonstrates a nearly maximal potential efficacy in terms of normal motor development if you treat in that first six-week period with SPINRAZA. That really I think sets the bar for the standard-of-care and it highlights the fact that at some level you really can't mess around on this. You've got a time window where maximal SMA protein expression really matters and I'd say the data that we’ve generated with SPINRAZA really sets the bar very high. 
