Frank Clyburn: Thanks, Glenn. Turning now to Slide 16. As I look back on the last three months, I am proud of the work underway to ensure that IFF’s next chapter is as brightest yet. Our solid results, including consistent volume growth across our portfolio reflects IFF’s critical role in the consumer goods value chain, particularly amid such a challenging operating environment. While market volatility will inevitably continue to impact our industry, we will closely monitor developments, strengthen our financial discipline and fortify our portfolio to address ongoing pressures. With the strong foundation we established in the first quarter, I remain confident in our ability to achieve our full-year 2022 financial targets, improve value creation and further cement our key operating priorities. Having begun the process of our strategic refresh, I look forward to sharing additional updates on IFF’s long-term strategic vision at an Investor Day in the second half of 2022. I know many of you have questions as it relates to my perspective on IFF’s long-term financial targets. Given we are going through a robust review of our value creation opportunity via our strategy refresh, I ask that you give us time to appropriately assess our long-term financial objectives. I want to thank you very much for all of your support, and I know that the best is yet to come for IFF. With that, I would like to now open the call for questions.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Ghansham, hi. It's Frank, and thanks for the welcome, and also for the question. A couple things I want to highlight is – and you look at that slide, I do want to start with the fact that, I am very still encouraged by the opportunity that we have in IFF. The industry trends look very strong overall in the long-term around sustainability, health and wellness and naturals. Also, IFF with this highly diversified business mix across categories, regions, and customers, I think positions us very well. When you look at that slide and we talk about the opportunities, I think a couple of things I would highlight there is one is we are focused on really doing everything around our culture of executional excellence, that's going to be really important for us through our talent, instilling accountability and also our strong link to incentives for our teams. As far as reinvesting, clearly, we are going to look at that. That's going to be a part of our strategy refresh process, and we'll be spending a lot of time on that in the second half of the year when we share our overall plans. But early view would be clearly, we need to continue to build our capabilities around digital, data analytics are going to be really important. And then also we'll invest in our commercial efforts as we see opportunities for continued profitable growth. And then we're also doing a deep dive in R&D portfolio, and we'll look at the best innovation in R&D opportunities to invest behind as well. But much more to come as we head to the second half of the year.
Frank Clyburn: And hey, Mark. It’s Frank. Thanks for the question. And as I mentioned in some of the early remarks, we are working through our strategy refresh process and that does include our long-term plan in detail and we're looking at our current inputs into our plan. We will need some additional time to appropriately assess our long-term financial targets. And my immediate focus, our management team's focus is delivering our 2022 objectives and the financial goals that we're outlining here this morning, as which of course, there's a lot of focus on pricing as you continue to hear productivity an important levers in working with our customers to grow our absolute sales and dollar profit as we manage through the significant inflationary period. Longer term, Mark, there's no doubt in my mind, we have a lot of value creation ahead of us in the company, and I believe our business will generate sustainable profitable growth and it will yield margin expansion over time. As far as your specific question on the 26% adjusted EBITDA target, I think it's really safe to say as we look at where we are today, and you look at how the world has changed, we're not going to be able to achieve that 26% adjusted EBITDA target in 2023. With that said, as I mentioned, I do want the time to come back and share with you in the back half of the year, our plans, and also our focus on driving really strong profitable growth for the future.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Well, we actually are lagging, Heidi. As a reminder, we're $200 million behind from last year. So we're sort of catching up from last year and capturing a large – the largest percentage this year, but there's still a lag that will be going into 2023 as well.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Now let me be clear. We have $200 million from last year from 2021 that we didn't capture, we began to implement. So if you look at the cumulative 2021, which is really the second half of 2021 in all this year, we're still $200 million behind.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Thanks John, for the question. I'll just sum it up in a couple of quick points and based on my experience, one, I have been very encouraged by some of the recent visits I've taken to our R&D centers. I just got back from Palo Alto, California, and really good innovation taking place. Some of the work we're doing in with regards to our enzymes, with regards to some of our Scent and sustainable delivery systems, flavor technology. So I'm encouraged early on of what I'm seeing. I think what I would highlight is from an R&D perspective, there's three things that come to mind. One is making sure you have the best talent, and that's a major focus for us in allowing our scientists to innovate. Number two is we have a process and model where you have very close connection with your commercial teams. So your arm in arm, your scientists and your commercial teams are really working on innovations that are going to be meaningful from a customer and consumer perspective. And that's a major focus that we're putting in place. And then number three is doing it in an efficient way and putting our capital against the biggest R&D opportunities. So early on, encouraging, this is going to be a focus for us, and this also will be a part of our second half Investor Day where we'll come back and share more about some of the exciting projects we're working on in our pipeline.
Frank Clyburn: So Matt, that's an important question. And what I would say is that we have to do everything that we can as a management team to really build, as I've been saying, the right culture, the right focus for the organization. As I highlighted in my prepared remarks, we have a tremendous opportunity in front of us with IFF, but we do need to deliver and we do need to focus on executional excellence. Yes, there has been some change in the management ranks. That is something that obviously we all take seriously, but our focus right now is with the team that we have in place is really to be laser focused on delivering and working on behalf of our customers to create value in the marketplace. So that's really the focus and I am excited about the passion and the energy I see from so many IFFer’s around the world, I've had a chance to engage with a lot of them. And I think we're really in a good place as long as we can focus on the – through four priorities that Glenn mentioned earlier. I do feel good about our opportunity as we work through 2022 and then as we start to build the company for the future.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Mike, and I think you recognized as where we started, we also are in some unprecedented times from inflationary perspective. And also what's happening with regards to China and COVID lockdowns, and what's happening with the war and impossible recessionary pressure. So clearly, the world is changing significantly. Mike, the way I would say, is that we will spend time, like you said, in the second part of this year, but really look at our focus. And I keep using this phrase about driving sustainable, profitable growth. We want to have a company that's growing top-tier within our peer set. And from a topline perspective, good strong leverage throughout the company, a relentless focus on constant improving of productivity and making sure we're doing everything that we can to deliver for our customers and our shareholders. So I think that will be some of the metrics and we'll come back obviously, as we get to the second half and give you specific metrics, but that's how I would have you think about it. Glenn, I don't know if you want to add…
Frank Clyburn: Yes. And Mike, just one last one, and I did mention that ROIC is now a part of our metrics as a team. So that's something that we've incorporated.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. And just real quickly, we're doing a lot of R&D work in Health and Biosciences area with regards to our enzymes and focusing on probiotics and also, laundry dish programs with global key accounts. We have work in some of our plant-based protein and dairy alternatives, couple of other quick ones to highlight in the scent area, some of the renewable and biodegradable fragrance ingredients were also really focusing, in nourish around a lot of our flavor technologies. And I highlighted one of the big wins that we had with vanilla recently with one of our customers. So we'll spend a lot more time here on the pipeline and portfolio, as I mentioned, coming up in the second half of the year.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Very good questions. I think when you say, what do we do better, then I'll start there. I do think our global scale, the diversity of our and breadth of our portfolio and how we engage with our customers. I think we are leading in many categories and in many areas, and that's something that we will continue to leverage. And it also allows for us to work quickly with customers to co-create solutions with them. So that to me is a big strength of ours. What does some of the competitors do? There are competitors that are focused in certain areas that I do think have done a nice job from a pricing perspective or have in certain categories a little bit better margin construct than we do. And that's really why we're staring into our portfolio to make sure that we put our resources against the best opportunities and where we see those opportunities we're going to invest and then where we see opportunities to improve, we'll focus there. And then in some areas we will pull back investment or possibly even divest if we need to. So those are going to be some things that we're going to be looking at to make sure that we continue to build the strength around our portfolio, but those were some initial thoughts on how I think we are lining up with our customers and then how we compare to some of our competitors.
Frank Clyburn: Sure. I'll be quick because I know, we've got a couple more that we’re waiting on as well, but just to give you an example, enzymes, I think are areas that I'm excited about. And we're going to deploy resources to drive growth and really mix improvement there over time. There's also, I think some really solid areas such as fabric care, we think there's opportunities to improve our cash flow there. And then, we will continue to look at some of the underperforming areas as well. And I think this is something and Glenn highlighted on our four priorities, which is why we have made the decision to exit for instance, our Microbial Control business and we've announced that divestitures. So those are some examples and like I said, we'll spend much more time opening up and sharing a lot more as we get to the back half of the year.
Frank Clyburn: So thank you to all for joining our call. I really appreciate your interests and the time we spent this morning discussing our first quarter results. And hopefully you could hear from myself, Glenn and on behalf of all of IFF, we're really encouraged and excited about the future. And we look forward to sharing more about our plans as we head to the second half of this year and also want to reiterate just how focused we are on a company, making sure we're executing and working with our customers to deliver important solutions for consumers around the world. So thank you and we look forward to speaking to you soon.
Glenn Richter: Yes. Hey, Gunther. Let me first sort of – by the way, good afternoon to you. I want to unpack the $300 million. So you know sort of the nature of that, and then we’ll talk about sort of where it sits. So the $300 million change is a function of several items. First of all, we have some portfolio adjustments, so the acquisition of Health Wright and then one additional month of Microbial Controls, the value that's about $130 million of incremental revenue. That's completely offset with our foreign exchange update, i.e., the stronger euro or the stronger dollar relative to euro rather, basically offsets that completely from a revenue standpoint. The residual is we have incremental pricing of around $370 million, and that's all related to raw material increases, which I'll come back to. And as we mentioned on the call, we're actually bringing down volume balance of the year. For a full-year, down about a $100 million from our original plan, so a little over a half a point full-year. We actually were better in the first quarter by a point. So we're taking down the balance of the year down by a $100 million. Where we're seeing basically the impact of the price/volume, it pretty much mirrors where the cost increases are occurring. So we've had more material cost inflation in our Nourish business and other businesses. So that's why you see the higher growth rates in that business. But we are continuing to see the impact on all the businesses. So nobody sort of is exempt from the second round of this $300 million in terms of kind of overall pressure, but a bit more in Nourish than the other business because of the raw material impact.
Glenn Richter: Yes. It is a great question Gunther, and also something that we're working on now where we don't really have a stats in part because there's two tough parts of the equation. One is to understand the overlap of the latest round of raw materials into next year. So there's a carry forward, but then equally are basically the pricing dynamics. So as mentioned, we're having to go back in the market because incremental pricing. So there'll be a full-year effect of that as well. I would also remind the group that last year we were still in the whole i.e. the inflation exceeded pricing in 2021 by $200 million. So we're still planned to basically go after a full capture, unfortunately, with the latest addition of inflation, it's just going to take a little bit longer into 2023 to sort of get us back to whole.
Glenn Richter: Yes. Hey. Thanks Jonathan for the question. I'd say, first of all, obviously we're not unique is every industry is experiencing substantial increases in inflation, and all of our competitors are out there basically taking prices up as well. And as you're well aware, as it relates to our value add from our customers supply chain, we tend to be a relatively sort of low cost high value add relative to their overall value change. And I would say, simply put, with 60% of our cost structure related to raw materials, energy and logistics, it's sort of impossible for us to absorb. Those level increases. And rather as our customers well appreciate, we are in business who really provide them superior solutions, which requires significant investment in innovation, customer service capabilities, building and maintaining a very robust global supply chain. I would remind everybody, we're adding $200 million at CapEx this year alone to build out. So that's the value we add to our customer. And as a result of that, we can't sort of, if you will speculate on material costs and our customers appreciate that. Frankly, where we sit relative to our value add, they completely appreciate what we're doing for them. And that's been reflected in the success of pricing. I will note though, there are some sectors, as we mentioned, Scent as an example, that there's a lag. So it's not every single customer is out front here in terms of the pricing, but in general, the level of productive dialogue has been very, very good with our customers.
Glenn Richter: Thanks, Mark. So I'll start off with our volume outlook. 5%  for the first quarter, we're actually projecting 1% for the balance of the year. So relatively flattish. I would remind everybody, we have a very strong overlap in the last three quarters. The three quarters of last year were on average around 10% in terms of currency neutral sales of which that was around 8% volume each of the quarters is a very strong one. That's why we actually planned the second half of the year more flattish versus the first half of the year. Why we've taken it down is basically taken the balance of the year down about a $100 million in revenue, that is basically split into two components. One is the direct impact on Russia and Ukraine volumes. And the second half is really a combination of supply chain and demand issues. So supply chain would include a combination of all material access as well as China, and then generally we just feel that we're seeing early signs relative to the consumer pulling back. We really don't view this as a – not being competitive on a pricing standpoint, but frankly, just what we're seeing in the consumer and it's manifested itself literally in the last couple weeks a little bit more in the home and personal care side of the business versus sort of the food and beverage or pharma side. So we're not sure, honestly, whether that's sort of an end consumer sort of permanent pullback or adjustment in inventories, but we're just, frankly, just being cautious relative to sort of what's going on in the global economy.
Glenn Richter: Hey, Mike. I would just add. By the way, I lived in Cleveland, I'm not sure I'm allowed to come back though. But really at the end of the day, we are trying to deliver a superior outcome for our shareholders. And the way to do that as Frank had mentioned is to make sure we outpace the topline versus the industry. So having superior topline growth and secondarily superior return on invested capital, the way we view doing that is actually driving significant productivity, which we believe there is, and allowing that to basically reinvest back and help accelerate the topline and to continue to actually drive some of that to the bottom line while we're optimizing our portfolio. So to Frank's point, that will be sort of the major agenda when we get together later in the year, maybe in Cleveland.
Glenn Richter: Good morning, Lisa. So relative to the first quarter and balance of the year relative to region, our strongest areas have been the developed markets. So combination of Europe and North America, laggards has really been actually Greater Asia has slower growth in the first quarter. We expect, as we look at the balance of the year, we need to have a little bit challenges in Greater Asia, particularly China, as we mentioned, likely also to see a slowdown – meaningful slowdown in Europe, given the – what's happening from the economy standpoint, but are still sort of fairly optimistic on combination of North America and LATAM as well.
Glenn Richter: Yes. Thanks for the question. We actually, as you recall, in the fourth quarter, signaled pretty quickly given we saw this large tsunami of inflation and went out very quickly, in the fourth quarter of the first round that press release was really in advance of the second round. And all our competitors are seeing exactly the same, inflationary pressures as well. So I think, that was intended really to help our teams relative to the customer dialogue, sort of understand the dynamics and the impact on the business. Hence the purpose of the press releases, I did mention all our competitors as you're well aware are basically in the market doing the same thing and are passing along prices and time as well. We just moved fast even we saw in the fourth quarter. And as I mentioned on the call, we really also invested in, I'll say in infrastructure around the organization to make sure we're more closely monitoring what's happening in the market and just moving much, much, much quicker because I think we are concerned that this – even the second round may be the second of others. So we just want to be prepared to do that. And that answer was the purpose of that, that press release.
Glenn Richter: Yes. Let me – maybe I'll take the second one and come back to the first one. Your conclusion is correct in terms of the third – hardly one third of our business from a capital utilization standpoint needs to improve. And there are two major levers. So not surprisingly as it relates to some of our non-core divestiture work by the fall within that basket, if you will. So continue to optimize the portfolio as one lever. The second is really thinking about ultimately a combination of capital investment in those businesses and in addition, how we think about optimizing the profitability. So as part of the Frank's comments about the refresh strategy, we are thinking about the portfolio in that way. And by the way, that's also in the spirit of taking some of those dollars and moving them up to the far left of that chart and accelerating the growth dynamics of the higher return segments as well. Relative to our cost savings, as a reminder, we get roughly $300 million targeted for synergies, about half of those were procurement. So it's not surprising that you would have little to no integration-related expenses for those. Those pieces honestly are, as we've mentioned in the past, we are the farthest behind simply because of this environment. It's harder to materialize. The other half of the 150, we're sort of midway through in terms of capture. To your broader point about how we think about restructuring opportunities, we've moved beyond a discussion of just synergies, deal-related synergies was too narrow and we really are focusing more broadly on productivity. As I mentioned, there are three large buckets operations, procurement and then shared services. The first two of those are likely to have relatively low one-time costs because they're really optimizing operations, digital throughput, some fixed cost reduction, indirect material purchases. The latter being shared service probably will have some one-time restructuring charges as we build out our current infrastructure and continue to add capabilities into that network.
Glenn Richter: Yes. So just a clarification, the reason we dropped the balance sheet metric is because we launched the new three-year plan. So to some extent, this is the window beyond sort of our deleverage. So I am very, very confident that we will hit three less. We will be closing on the Microbial Controls business at the end of this quarter, that's going to be net proceeds of $1.1 billion. As I mentioned in the past, we have three to four additional deals that will cumulatively add $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion of gross. They're proceeding nicely, by the way, despite the sort of volatility in the market, they are attractive property strategically. That alone will basically get us to the goal independent of cash flow. To the last point of your question, we're going to continue obviously to take a look at the portfolio, that's part of the strategy refresh, which will probably afford additional opportunities to continue to approving the portfolio, but nothing to announce at this point and nor do we need that to accomplish that goal. So thanks for the question.
