Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Rich. In summary, we are pleased that we have achieved currency neutral growth across all metrics in the second quarter of 2017. Simultaneously, we continue to be focused on the execution of our Vision 2020, as we believe our emphasis on building great differentiation, which in turn should lead to sustainable profitable growth. We are on track to deliver our previously stated 2017 financial goals. With that, I would like to open up the call to your questions.
Andreas Fibig: On the R&D front, we certainly invest wherever we think we get a good return, and we have certainly a pretty robust program in place with really very differentiating projects here. And we are now in basically, in the Phase 2 to look what could be the budget for next year, but it's not decided that we will significantly ramp up the R&D, but we'll certainly put the R&D dollars behind the projects where we think we can really create differentiation.
Andreas Fibig: Okay. So for the first one, I think we still see input cost in the 3% range for the full year. There will obviously be some timing impacts related to that when it flows through from a P&L standpoint. The increase is, again, primarily driven by naturals on both business units, whether it's vanilla or citrus, those are impacting both business units. From a currency standpoint, it's based on our current – our guidance that I gave you is based on existing exchange rate, the latest exchange rate. So call it roughly a $1.18 euro-dollar exchange rate, as that flows through, that's embedded in the guidance. And that's on a – the dollar basis will be, what I talked about, net of currency, that will be on a reported dollar basis.
Andreas Fibig: And we are actually pretty proud because you know just a year and half backwards, you saw that we had not so good of an organic performance in Flavors North America, and team has turned this around quite significantly. And that has led to the mid-single digit growth in North America and on top of it we have the great performance of Tastepoint as well, and that makes it actually a very good and sustainable business for us.
Andreas Fibig: And in particular, India is important to us because it's a high growth market for us, and we really have to make sure that we have state-of-the art facilities in India, and we will invest in two more manufacturing plants in India and we are well underway to do that.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. So I would say that our exposure, and particular in the U.S., towards this middle market was not so good before we acquired actually Ottens two years ago. And we saw it with all the changing trends and the struggle of many of the bigger multinational global companies that we have to change our exposure towards the more dynamic markets. And with the entrance of Ottens, we saw that that's a very, very good hub for us. And we have combined this now with David Michael, made it Tastepoint, and that's creating actually our outlet in terms of customer segmentation towards exactly that dynamic middle market. They have the flexibility of a small company, but they can use the great technology we can give them from IFF, and that makes them uniquely positioned for that marketplace. And what we see so far is, first of all, the launch at IFT in Vegas went very well. The people are very motivated and our customers are very excited about this opportunity to work with us. What we see so far is probably two times to three times of growth we have in our organic business. So I think it's really important. And I would say, as we always say, it's small enough, but still big enough to help with technology.
Andreas Fibig: No. Actually that's a pretty good point because we see that this works very well in the U.S. market, and the challenge for our Flavors team or Taste team is basically to look, what can we do in the other geographies as well. But a prerequisite for that is a pretty big market because if you just take for example, Europe, you have a very fragmented markets for the different countries, and if you have an asset, let's say, in Spain, you probably can't serve a small customer in Germany. And so the challenge for us is right now to pick the right markets, let's say, a market like Brazil or let's say a market like China which has enough critical mass to cater for this kind of principle or this kind of model, but we're doing it because we really want to export it because what we have seen so far is really excitement on the customers' side and the results are pretty good as well.
Andreas Fibig: John, actually it's an interesting question because if you look at our Fragrance Resources acquisition, that's actually why we did it for actually two markets. One is in the U.S. because they have some of the smaller customers and we are capitalizing on it. And believe it or not in my home country in Germany, they are serving a lot of smaller customers out of the Hamburg facility as well, and that's very welcome because we were not very strong in Germany despite a good engagement with Henkel. And so, you see Fragrance Resources is a bit an entry into these smaller customer base like Tastepoint.
Andreas Fibig: Sure. Mark, if you look at our M&A strategy, you know that we were not very active for many, many years. We've done now in the last two years round about five acquisitions and they have different, let's say, strategic reasons for it. Three of these acquisitions are basically to look whether we can broaden our exposure to small and midsize customers to grow on that front. Another one is basically going into an adjacent area like active cosmetic ingredients and PowderPure is a pure technology play because it gives us access to a technology which we had not before, which can help us to grow in certain segments of the business. So all of these things we have experienced. We are very happy with all of the five acquisitions and we're very happy that they are actually performing at or above the business case we have given, which is actually pretty, pretty good, if you look at five of these acquisitions. So, we certainly, certainly will go ahead with the bolt-on strategy because it just has paid off and we will make sure that that we continue that path. I certainly can't tell you how many and how big these are because it's a bit opportunistic as well. But that's certainly in the cards and we have to be disciplined here as well how much money we put at work. And for the transformational one, as usually I have to say, it depends on the opportunity and if the opportunity arises, we look at it and then we make a call and a decision.
Andreas Fibig: For me the most important question, and here I'm getting Rich already nervous. For me the most important thing is to create value. So, either one we take as long as we see an opportunity for us to create value in the long term, and that's probably the answer. But I have to say, I hope that we will do some more of this technology plays going forward because now we're geared towards this as well, because what we see was PowderPure was a patented drawing technology, which is a very great opportunity with less processed ingredients to go into a market segment, which is very natural and very, very organic, and even prevent food waste streams. That's something which is exciting as well and gives us exposure even some markets where we were not before like, for example, some of the natural color markets, because you know the technology leaves the color metrics intact in the ingredient, which is fantastic and our Flavors team is now looking at different directions and we'll build out of it. And we'll have unfortunately some CapEx, but it's not too big.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. Thank you very much for all the insightful question. I guess, we will talk to, to many of you during our one-on-one calls, as well. Have a good day. Thank you, bye-bye.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yes. I think a couple extra comments, Mark, from my side. I think, we do expect on the fragrance compound side to benefit from a couple things: one, some new product launches and wins that are expected to hit in the third quarter or early fourth quarter. We are starting to see signs of stabilization in Latin America. And we do expect to see some reduced headwinds in Greater Asia. And as Andreas talked about, I think we are starting to see signs of stabilization of the inventory levels at our customer standpoint. So we're expecting to see less headwinds from a destocking standpoint in the second half of the year versus the first half of the year.
Richard A. O’Leary: Mark, let me take the first half and then Andreas will talk to the R&D investments. When we look at our productivity objectives for this year, I'd say we are on target through the first six months. The impact is probably on the range of 3.5 percentage point of improvement in the first half of the year, so somewhere $10 million, $12 million roughly. And I think that positions us well to deliver on the full-year outlook, particularly as we start to get benefits later in the year related to Fragrance Resources, although the bulk of those synergy benefits are going to come next year.
Richard A. O’Leary: I think there's a couple of different dynamics going on there, Mark. I would say from an SG&A standpoint, there are some of the projects that I've talked about earlier around the corporate projects particularly on the finance area that we will have some increased spending in the second half of the year. On the other side, remember that on a year-over-year basis, last year incentive comp came down as results weakened, and so we will see increased incentive comp expense this year versus last year in the second half.
Richard A. O’Leary: No, I mean North America, remember PowderPure, we only had it for a portion of the quarter. It had, on a total company basis a negligible impact in terms of sales growth in the quarter, I would say less than probably 30 basis points at a total company basis. When you look at North America for flavors, I mean the organic business grew mid-single digits and the balance of that relates to the contribution of David Michael's.
Richard A. O’Leary: I think it's growth across all the categories. Particularly I would say we had double-digit growth in snacks and dairy and mid-single digit growth in sweet.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yes. Look the specific target I'll have to get back to you. I don't think we have that said or communicated that. I would tell you that the decrease year-over-year was roughly on a year-to-date basis $115 million. So $56 million of that is the settlement on ZoomEssence. We've got lower income, including the non-cash gain on the derivative or liquidation of the subsidiary. So that was two combined about $20 million, $10 million in incentive comps year-over-year and there's another $10 million roughly associated with deferred taxes and indirect taxes.
Richard A. O’Leary: The specifics are – it's hard to specifically identify the impact. I will tell you that we saw a pretty sizable increase in back-outs in the last week, the week and half of the quarter. I will say that on top of that we have seen – we're encouraged by the start to the third quarter.
Richard A. O’Leary: It's principally around the facilities in Greater Asia and the deployment of technologies around delivery systems and some of the capacity. But we've got a big piece in China. We've got two new facilities that are going on there. We're going to have to continue. And as you know, we've talked that we're going to have some peaks in next year, this year, next year, and 2019 around 5% because not only do we have China, but we've got Indonesia and India that we have to deal with.
Richard A. O’Leary: Let me try to answer that in the following manner. I'll talk to the overall return on sales profile for the two businesses. Flavors improved by roughly 90 basis points year-over-year. It's principally driven by productivity, cost, and volume. And price to input cost net were slightly favorable. And those were offset by unfavorable mix. And to a certain extent and slightly by FX. When you look at the Fragrance return on sales profile, it went down about 140 basis points. Price to input cost and M&A, which is principally related to Fragrance Resources, those were each about 1 point of headwind year-over-year and mix was probably another I'm going to call it 20 basis points. So those three items more than offset the benefits associated with volume and productivity gains.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yes. I think as we look at the second half of the year, I would expect to see improvements in Fragrances, again, as we have better leverage from a volume standpoint. There is still some volatility associated with sales mix. And then I think the biggest part of the benefit associated with Fragrance Resources, as I said earlier, will come next year, as we fully realize – we get the bulk of the synergies next year.
Richard A. O’Leary: Okay. So, Katie, let me go back to the pricing input. I'd say overall for the company was basically flat, favorable by about 1 point in Flavors and unfavorable by about 1 point in Fragrances. Your point about has the dynamic changed from last quarter, I would tell you that the pricing impact of Q2 for Fragrances compared to Q1 has improved by about 70%.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. I mean, as Andreas was talking, I'll talk total Fragrance compounds for Greater Asia, I think keep in mind there was a strong double-digit comp in the prior year. So, if I look at it on an organic basis, it's down mid single-digits in the region, primarily driven by China, which is also down mid single-digits. And then, some of the same pressures we saw and mentioned regarding Indonesia impact, and Flavors also impacted Fragrances.
Richard A. O’Leary: I will say, Brett, that we're still in the discussions, it hasn't been formalized yet. I think it keeps – to be honest, it's kind of kicked out a couple of months effectively. So, we expect it to be in a position to talk about it now, it's going to have to be fourth quarter now.
Richard A. O’Leary: As I said, when I look at the second half, keep in mind we had a favorable – in relation to our guidance for the full year for tax rate, call it, 22.5%, we were favorable in the first half of the year, that obviously then turns around in the second half of the year. As I also mentioned that I would see more pressure on EPS growth year-over-year in Q3, particularly related to the interest expense dynamic that I mentioned earlier.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. So currency, in general, will be favorable in the second half of the year, more of that coming in Q3 than Q4.
Richard A. O’Leary: So again, I think my guidance for tax rate hasn't changed since the beginning of the year it's about 22.5%. The calendarization of that of quarter-by-quarter, there is volatility in that depending upon specific items that occur in the mechanics in terms of how we have to report some of the items relative to the pre-tax in the quarter. So in general, the second half will be higher than the first half, but I'm still comfortable with the guidance of full year at 22.5%.
Richard A. O’Leary: So Mark, let me wrap-up from my perspective. I think, both the technology side and the bolt-ons are attractive to us. I think we've demonstrated the ability to create value. And I think what's most important is that we continue to exhibit the financial discipline that we have around the targeting and the selection process.
