Hernan Vaisman: Thank you, Doug, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. I am happy to report that the strong trends we have seen over the course of 2011 have continued in the fourth quarter as we achieved 8% local currency sales growth, led by a double-digit increase in Beverage and high-single-digit increase in Savory. In North America, we continue to post solid growth on top of our most challenging year-over-year comparison. The majority of our success continues to come from health and wellness portfolio, as our sweet and sodium modulation technologies drove double-digit and high-single-digit growth in Beverage and Savory, respectively. Despite comparing to a 10% increase last year in EAME, our performance in Q4 accelerated versus Q3 as Eastern Europe, Africa and the Middle East grew double digits and Western Europe grew mid-single digits. In Latin America, growth of 1% was below our expectation as the softness we noticed in Mexico last quarter continued into Q4. Brazil, on the other hand, remained quite strong, growing high-single digits. Our best performing region in terms of both dollar growth and percentage change continues to be Greater Asia. Performance in this region has improved every quarter this year, growing over 10% in Q4 as every category reported a strong growth, highlighted by Beverage and Confectionery where we achieved double-digit growth. To some extent, it should be noted that the timing of the Chinese New Year did provide a benefit to our results, pulling some growth from Q1 2012 into Q4 2011. Consistent with the previous 3 quarters, the impact of exiting low-margin business in Q4 was approximately $1.5 million in local currency sales and a total of $6 million for the full year. As we have indicated before, in 2012 we expect the impact of exiting underperforming business to increase between 1 to 3 percentage points of Flavors total local currency sales growth for the full year, as we believe it is our best option to maximize shareholder's value. It should be noted that, while top line may be impacted, our gross margin should show a corresponding improvement. Looking at the geographic breakdown of our sales, the emerging markets continue to grow double digits for the ninth consecutive quarter. The BRIC countries continue to be the primary driver of growth, increasing mid teens and led by 20% flat growth in China. Turning to profits. Fourth quarter adjusted operating profit increased 18% or $10 million to $63 million. Adjusted operating profit margin increased 170 basis points versus the prior-year period to 19.6 percentage as volume growth, pricing action and cost control more than offset the impact of higher raw material cost. Before providing commentary in 2012, I would like to provide an overview of our full year performance. Local currency sales increased 9% in 2011 on top of the 10% we reported in the year ago, indicating continued strength in our Flavors business. The strongest growth was achieved in North America and EAME, both growing double digits as we continue to deleverage of our innovative health and wellness portfolio. The effect on profitability was profound as adjusted operating profit increased 17% or $42 million to $184 million. As a result of this strong top line performance, which included both volume and pricing growth as well as continued cost control disciplines, operating margin improved 90 basis points year-over-year to a company record of 21.1%. Looking ahead to Q1 2012, while we are comparing to our strongest growth rate on 2011, 12% growth, we are expecting a solid start to the year as new business wins remain strong. Profitability is expected to remain healthy as we continue to capture price increase to offset raw material cost and control our own costs. With that, I would like to introduce our group President of Fragrance, Nicolas Mirzayantz.
Hernan Vaisman: This is Hernan speaking. It's very difficult really to have a precise figures, but our estimation for Flavors is that it's around 4%, 5% for 2011.
Hernan Vaisman: Erik, it's Hernan. We haven't seen, I mean, big changes in the pipeline. I still -- I mean, the companies are looking for innovations and it's the same things that we have discussed in the past. And they're looking basically for, I mean, a balance of their way -- well-being to the health and wellness and naturals. So basically, it's what we've seen. I mean, having to say that doesn't mean that we'll be changing beyond certain things as they're becoming more evident in the market. So to really, I mean, answer your question, no, we still have, I mean, are receiving this kind of project that they are basically innovation driven.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Kevin, Hernan and Nicolas. Looking ahead, we expect local currency sales growth in 2012 to be in line with our long-term targets, albeit at the low end of our 4% to 6% range, as we plan to accelerate the exit from some of our underperforming businesses, more particularly in Flavors. As such, we believe that our team's ability to continue to win new business will be an important driver of our results, going forward. We do expect some input costs to rise low-single digits in 2012, which will require continued pricing conversations with our customers. It is our expectation, however, that we should reach a gross margin inflection point if raw materials remain at current levels as we approach the second half of 2012. From an RSA standpoint, we will continue to exhibit disciplined cost control. It should be noted, however, that as our incentive compensation program resets, it will be a headwind should we perform in line with our current targets. In addition, we also plan to make incremental investments in R&D to support future high-value, at-stake initiatives identified in our strategic review. These investments are vital to sustain our long-term growth. And finally, as Kevin mentioned, if currency rates stay where they are today, with the euro at $1.33, we expect foreign exchange will be a modest headwind for the full year as a result of the hedging program. Nonetheless, I remain confident in our ability to continue to navigate through these uncertain times as we strive to achieve the long-term targets in 2012. Looking towards the first quarter, we expect Flavors to deliver good growth, even as they exit low-margin businesses, and Fragrances to be challenged as we continue to see softness in Ingredients and pressures in Fine Fragrance due to the strong year-ago comparison. While we continue to expect greater pricing benefits, the gap between raw material costs and price increases is expected to remain as we are comparing to the lowest-cost period of 2011, although this will improve versus Q4 2011. As a result, profitability and earnings per share will be under pressure as cost control initiatives are not expected to fully offset our gross margin pressures. To wrap up. At the beginning of 2011, we expressed optimism that we would continue to perform well despite macroeconomic challenges and unprecedented raw material cost increases. Our ability to achieve our long-term financial targets for the second consecutive year demonstrates the team's aptitude for successfully executing the strategy and navigating through a challenging operating environment. We continue to leverage our geographic reach to capture the growth potential of the emerging markets, strengthen our innovation platform to deliver differentiating products to customers and maximize our portfolio to improve the underperforming areas of our business. I'm proud of all of our employees, each of whom played a role in achieving our results, and I remain confident in our ability to continue to remain agile and work with our customers and our internal resources to achieve our long-term targets in 2012. Longer term, our strategic review has provided insight to management as to the opportunities to further enhance our performance, going forward. Our plan embeds these insights to address the opportunities identified, all of which, we believe, will maximize shareholder value. And with that, we will be happy to take any questions that you may have. Thank you.
Douglas D. Tough: Well, certainly, the walking away is envisioned as part of our numbers for next year, but other product rationalizations really aren't factored into our 2012 plans.
Douglas D. Tough: Let me just talk to that. I think, Mike, I think you're right. And there are 2 things that are on ongoing basis, one of which is just ongoing efficiencies, reformulations, elements like that which are part of the portfolio. And they're just, they're ongoing, a significant part of the puzzle. And the other is just the opportunities associated with new briefs and new technologies where we would look for margin expansion as a function of bringing superior benefits. And Hernan and Nicolas have talked about the new wins in the pipeline. All of those, we would look for, would bring superior products and margin.
Douglas D. Tough: Let me just build a little bit, Mark, because, way back early on, you had something which suggested that it wasn't going to be sales, the results might not be sales achieved, they would be achieved through RSA management. And we have talked about and, I think, are relatively, are disciplined in the context of that. But the investments that we have in the strategic projects defined in the past are underway and we call them high-value at-stake inside the company. They are being progressed. The focus on R&D and an increased investment in 2012 in R&D is already earmarked. So the growth in the top line will contribute to the results. We did indicate in the early parts of the year we're going to be under some margin pressure as a function of the costs that we've had, raw material costs, cost in inventory until such time as pricing and efficiencies and other measures capture the margin we need. But it's really, as Kevin said, all parts of the algorithm that are going to get us there but it's really not going to be at the expense of investing in those items that we've deemed critical for the long term, i.e., R&D and some of the innovation and expansion into emerging markets and so on. They're all part of the mix this year.
Douglas D. Tough: My appreciation for the all the attendees on the call, the comments. And we look forward to talking to you in a few months. Thank you.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Mark, regarding 2011 performance, it is important to take into context of the very strong growth we reported in 2010. I mean, it was 16% growth, which was greater than any year in the business, it really was a record year, and also significantly higher growth rate than the industry. If you look at it, it was seventh consecutive quarter of growth and obviously some pressure in the second half. Unfortunately, the difficult comparison as well as price-driven volume declines in Ingredients did put some pressure in the results and especially also in fine, where we had the strongest comp in 2010. So I think that, overall, if you put this thing into perspective and if you look at a 2-year average, I think it's indeed a very, very strong average for the business, being at 8% growth, so in excess of the market. I think what is important as well is our ability to secure new business and also to have access to additional growth potential by entering new colleagues or strengthening our position into some new colleagues. So yes, challenged in the second half, but we believe that most of the key driver was a strong comp. And if you remember also, in Q1 of this year, we were still having some strong growth in the business units and very strong growth in Q4, so therefore, we believe that we have an abnormally high level of pipeline, which affected some of the volume dynamic in the second half.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: So to your first question regarding Functional Fragrances. First, we wanted to realign the business with the priority of our business -- of our customers and to continue to find innovation. At the same token, we also wanted to build upon the learnings from the strategic review that we did and building upon the economic profit learnings as well. We wanted to make sure that we were improving the performance, the margin performance across our portfolio. So that was really the first question. Remind me of the second. Can you remind of the second one, Mark? I'm sorry.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: We are a, we have maintained our share. We have maintained the level of share, the significant increase in share that we have gained last year and we believe that we have maintained it.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Lauren, it's Nicolas. Today's market dynamic still remain centered around pricing and pricing being a key driver for customer decision-making versus security of supply at this stage, so our price negotiation for the first half of 2012 were heavily centered around the lowest price. So going forward, when incorporating all the new trends and market dynamics to readjust our portfolio, but as we progress through the year, we have to watch the market dynamics and understand the implication for our portfolio. So as we have done in the previous quarter, we're constantly evaluating the different options. And this is also one of the reasons why, in 2010, we took the decision to the partial closure of our facility in Europe. So we're constantly adapting all resource and our assets to the market dynamics.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: And it's also too early to say in Fragrances. We will need to monitor some of the result that will be published in the next few weeks, but we believe it's in, like, maybe 1%.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: And it's Nicolas. A very similar trend for Fragrances, and still, the focus on innovation, focus on the emerging markets. And also, one discipline for us is adding, gain additional access to colleagues' potentials, so which increase our pipeline of new projects.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: So in terms of inventory, it is difficult for us to have visibility at this stage, and we'll expect probably a correction. And as we saw the 2010 and '11, we saw a buildup of inventory, our customers. I wanted to make sure in Fine Fragrances that we're not missing any growth opportunities. I think that the mood right now is that people have been positively encouraged by good Christmas results. But at the same token, the brands are staying very cautious about the developments, especially for Europe, but still maintaining a good pipeline of new introductions. So it will take us a little bit more time. I think, like, in Q2 we will have a better understanding of the pipeline and the stock inventory at our customers. Regarding Valentine's, it is a growing period for Fragrances but nowhere near Mother's Day and Christmas at this stage. So I think that people will try to build on the momentum that was created around Christmas, but probably, too early to say.
Kevin C. Berryman: Lauren, it's Kevin. Look, I think that, certainly, we are watching carefully the dynamic in Europe, with all of the economic uncertainty relative to the discussions on, in the news that we hear everyday, and I think that we're monitoring that closely. The Ingredients business, in general, is more oriented around both Europe and North America because of where the business ultimately is utilized by our customers. And so that is one area that we are specifically monitoring closely at this particular point in time, so no more news other than that and we'll continue to adjust as appropriate to the extent that there is any other insights that we gain as it relates to that dynamic.
Kevin C. Berryman: No, look, I think it's the material part of the businesses in the developed markets, both North America and Latin, so that -- excuse me, North America and Europe. And so effectively, that's going to be the driver to the numbers that we see for the business...
Kevin C. Berryman: Look, I think, as you know, our compensation plans are really aligned with the creation of shareholder value. And while we certainly met our long-term targets for the year, we fell short of what the expectations that we have set for ourselves. And as a result of that, that has an implication relative to the incentive compensation levels for 2011. I think, importantly, we should take and understand our compensation expenses, the key business operating expense associated with performance. So there is a certain amount of variability associated with that item. As we perform, that number will go up. As we don't, it will go down. In terms of the quarter, it was a material benefit for our performance, although I continue to rather talk to the number versus what I would consider to be a normalized level. And I think, in 2011 fourth quarter, that number is plus or minus: I'll give you a general number, it's around $15 million in the quarter versus a normalized level of compensation expense, so there was a benefit to that extent. To your question on 2012, we have provided some insight, and Doug has commented, as it relates to our desire to strive for the long-term financial targets. And certainly, that number that is in there relative to incentive compensation expenses embedded into that kind of direction that we're providing for the 2012 figures. So it's embedded into that figure.
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, we haven't really talked a lot about that, but we think that the numbers are certainly significantly less than what we saw in 2010 but remain above historical levels...
Kevin C. Berryman: Look, I think that there's probably a little slighter, higher number in Fragrance than Flavors at this point in time.
Kevin C. Berryman: Jeff, it's Kevin. Yes, yes, there is opportunities that we have worked through with the local officials and local regulatory bodies that provide us some tax benefits.
Kevin C. Berryman: We're expecting that we'll get to the point where it's going to be over the course of this year, probably [indiscernible] 2013.
Kevin C. Berryman: I would say it's probably at a level that is, because third quarter was the high mark in terms of our percentage increase, so I think that there's probably, it's probably pretty [indiscernible]. I'll have to get it and confirm that with you, Jeff.
Kevin C. Berryman: Mike, the $9 million is relative. I'm assuming you're talking to the Fragrance realignment initiative that we announced earlier in January, right? That is associated with the commentary that Nicolas had where we had a, the restructuring, the realignment work where we took the charges, $10 million, and we expect savings of about $9 million.
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, look, I -- Mike, there's a variety of things. Clearly, we're expecting to see some growth. We're continuing to see some pricing. That will be offset, certainly, as it relates to some incremental input costs. And of course, we are also talking about the incremental investments in R&D to support the long-term growth initiatives. So there's a series of things that will translate into our ability to deliver, again, the long-term financial targets, objectives that Doug has alluded to.
Kevin C. Berryman: Mike, I don't know that I'd characterize that. We're not planning on the growth. The numbers that we've talked about being at the low end of the range incorporate the other business that could potentially be eliminated relative to the discussion, specifically in Flavors, with certain customers. So we're still expecting some growth and get [ph] the profit algorithm, certainly.
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, it's not that, it's, no, not a particularly bad one. But as you know that we register and recognize the competition expense again relative to our performance, so to the extent we overperform, the number will be higher. And to the extent that we underperform versus our expectations, it will be lower. So I caution you not to be so prescriptive as it relates to what that number is because it is going to be pay-for-performance, so to speak.
Kevin C. Berryman: Look, as we are embarking upon sort of large expenditures, certainly, the depreciation would not occur for those items until which time you're operational. So certainly, the spend that we've talked about and the significant spend in terms of capacity needs and emerging market focus to ensure we have the ability to continue to drive the growth in those attractive markets. Certainly, we'll, at some point in time, as we start to depreciate those assets when they become operational.
Kevin C. Berryman: We've been fairly consistent in terms of what we have talked about relative to our use of cash, Mark. And effectively, the, our overarching desire is to be able to maintain a level of financial flexibility. And certainly, we are focused and we'll continue to be focused on the needs that are going to be necessary to support our growth initiatives and that includes CapEx, obviously, in terms of supporting the business. We are also certainly being more proactive in our evaluation and monitoring of corporate development initiatives, including M&A activity. And I think that, at the end, we will continue to ensure that we have a tax-efficient use of our cash, including those opportunities where they might involve a return of cash to shareholders. So at the end of the day, we're focused primarily on our internal growth initiatives, as well, continuing to be proactive in terms of the monitoring of other potential growth opportunities. As it relates to the 2012 item, look, I think that Doug has highlighted the fact that there is certainly some uncertainty as it relates to 2012 environment, which we will be operating, that we feel as if we're targeting our desire to reach the objectives, but there certainly is some uncertainty as it relates to the environment in which we will be operating. I think all the elements are important, as it relates to the financial algorithm necessary to deliver against the objectives. Certainly, top line growth is going to be important, some pricing is going to be important, the management of or the delivery and the savings associated with the recently announced initiative. All of these items are going to be important for us to be able to deliver against the targets that we've -- are going to be striving for in 2012. I wouldn't necessarily characterize it as one or the other.
