Hernan Vaisman: Thank you, Nicolas. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Flavors had a nice quarter of growth, marking our 28th consecutive quarter of local currency sales growth. On a like-for-like basis, which excludes the impact of exiting low-margin sales activities, we generated a strong local currency sales growth of 7%. Our growth this quarter was reduced by 3.5 percentage points, due to the exit of low-margin sales activities. Although this put continued pressure on our top line growth, it had a favorable impact on gross margin for both Flavors and for the total company, and has helped us to improve the profitability of our overall portfolio, in line with our strategy. This quarter, our performance was supported by strong growth in North America, which delivered like-for-like local currency sales growth of nearly 15%, as well as strength in emerging markets. Greater Asia, Latin America and EAME delivered solid growth this quarter. Our like-for-like growth in North America of 15% was, once again, led by double-digit growth in Beverage. In EAME, we grew by 6% due to moderate growth in Beverage and Savory. Greater Asia, our largest region, delivered 5% like-for-like local currency sales growth, led by double-digit growth in Dairy and high single-digit growth in Savory. In Latin America, local currency growth on a like-for-like basis was 6%, led by double-digit growth in Beverage and positive growth in Savory. We continue to make progress in this region, working with our regional customers to improve sales momentum in Latin America. Turning to the full year. We delivered strong local currency sales growth of 8% on a like-for-like basis. This marks our third consecutive year of high single-digit sales growth, contributing to the consolidated company's ability to deliver growth in line with our stated consolidated growth target of 4% to 6%. Flavors growth was supported by increased traction from product use in our sweetness modulation and masking technologies. The use of innovative technologies help our customer create products that stood out in their markets. Early this week, we announced the next phase of our relationship with Evolva. We are entering the preproduction phase to develop and scale-up, via third party, a natural vanillin for commercial application through a cost-effective natural and sustainable growth. We are very pleased with our partnership and believe that the program with Evolva will increase the availability and sustainability of vanillin, which is a key flavor ingredient in many food products. We continue to work with R&D and creative teams to commercialize products that will provide us with a competitive edge in the market. We believe we have found such a product in our collaboration with Evolva. I would like to add a final word on the managed exit of our low-margin sales activities. As we have noted, we expected the financial impact of these efforts to be done by the first half of 2013. As a result, we will expect that our sales growth in the second half of the year will be stronger than the first half of the year, due to the elimination of this impact. It should be noted that even with the impact of the discontinued sales, we are showing consistent solid growth levels due to the underlying strength in the portfolio. Turning to our profitability this quarter. As Nicolas mentioned, this marked the first quarter in our 2 years that we realized declining raw material costs, which when combined with a more favorable category mix and the exit of lower-margin sales activities, supported gross margin expansion. Raw material costs, however, remain elevated on a year-to-date basis and have had a negative impact on year-to-date margins. The favorable gross margin was offset by an increase in incentive compensation expenses and resulted in the Flavors' fourth quarter segment profit decrease of $1 million to $62 million this quarter. That said, on a full year basis, like-for-like local currency sales of 8%, combined with a gross margin upside, resulted in Flavors' segment profit of $298 million, an increase of $14 million or 5% from the prior year. Looking ahead. In the first quarter of 2013, we can see a more moderate growth level as we enter the quarter, and we are closely monitoring the situation. However, our underlying sales growth remains strong, driven by strong pipeline of new business wins using our sweetness and Savory modulation tools and other innovations. We are excited about our many collaborations, which are all based on creating value for consumers in every region of the world. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin Berryman, our CFO.
Hernan Vaisman: Mark, this is Hernan. I mean, we have a kind of a mixed bag situation. We started the year, I mean, in -- with Greater Asia, delivering good growth in this point in time, but we're seeing other areas like Western Europe and even -- I mean, Eastern Europe, that this kind of production platform for Western Europe, some kind of a slowdown, some softness there. In U.S., we still see good growth. And in Latin America, gaining momentum. So I mean, we are continuing that the -- why we believe that this is kind of moderate growth due to the discontinue of business. We are in the right path. And I think that really makes us very confident, is that we have a strong pipeline of projects in-house.
Hernan Vaisman: No. I think that it's too early to say because, I mean, whenever go to the market, Lauren, you have to go to samples, I mean, customers need to test in their products, and only just after that, I mean, it'll start to -- going to launch in a new or next environment. So that's why we're not contemplating in our numbers in 2013.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Nicolas, Hernan and Kevin. We are pleased with the progress we've made over the past few years in driving growth across both businesses based on our technology. While the business is both diverse and stable, reflecting its focus on consumer products, it is also growing as the emerging markets' middle-class population expands and increases their use of consumer products. The defensive and growing nature of our business, combined with our customer intimacy, innovation and consumer insights, enabled us to deliver solid results in a challenged environment. Although we are mindful of economic volatility in various parts of the world, we are confident that based on our diversification, we will be able to offset softness in one part of our business, with strengths in another. The accelerated momentum we see in the Flavor and Fragrance Compounds business is fueled by the strategic investments we have made in the emerging markets over many years, combined with our ability to provide customers with products that meet and surpass consumer expectations and lead to market share growth for both our customers and for us. We are committed to driving the business for the long-term, creating new and innovative products that will appeal to consumers all over the world, and collaborating with global and local customers to bring these products to market. Given our progress on a number of value-enhancing initiatives, we expect our gross margins will continue to trend above year-ago levels. We have a committed and a dedicated group of people whose mission is to see the company succeed. We are pushing ahead to meet our internal financial objectives and have been able to deliver top line growth in line with our long-term targets, due to our diversity and our ability to provide value to consumers year after year in every region. We have a robust R&D pipeline, which should provide us with longer-term growth, while providing us with sustainable raw materials at lower costs. We are implementing our plans to make our Ingredients business more competitive, and we intend to provide you with an update on that business on our next earnings call. For the full year 2013, we expect the company to achieve its long-term financial growth targets. For the first quarter of 2013, we expect to see continued local currency sales growth in Flavors, offset in part by the continued acceleration and exit of low-margin sales activities. In Fragrances, we expect momentum to moderate in Fine & Beauty Care and maintain solid growth in Functional. While we expect to see improved volume trends in Ingredients for the full year, we still expect year-over-year declines in the first quarter. In conclusion, our strong performance at IFF this quarter is the result of our geographic footprint, our product diversity and our ability to work with our customers to develop new products that help shape the industry and delight consumers. We are well-positioned in the market, and we are selectively reinvesting in those areas where we see the most growth. Going forward, we expect continued momentum and growth. We will continue to proactively manage our performance and calibrate costs in line with our top line growth, as we continue to execute against our business plans. We will continue to focus on excellence in the execution of our strategies. I thank you all for your participation, and the management team will be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Douglas D. Tough: Lauren, it's Doug. I mean it's really a reference point. It's Q4 of 2012, it will be lower off that level. I think from the comments we made a few minutes ago, the year we're expecting to be in line with the long-term targets that we've said, so I wouldn't read a lot into a lower level other than managing expectations against the plus 8 or the plus 10 year like-for-like. I would just pick up, though, on something that Hernan said, which was the discontinued part of the low sales volume in Flavors is going to run through the first half and end at the end of the first half, and there will be, I would say, a significant part in Q1 that will affect Flavors. But it will still be positive, clearly, for the first half quarter.
Douglas D. Tough: We'd like to thank all on the call today for their participation, particularly the questions that came at the end, and we look forward to talking with you in 3 months. Thank you, kindly.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Mark, good morning. It's Nicolas, how are you? Mark, just for your comments in Latin America, I think it is fair to say that we continue to strengthen our leadership in the markets. And as the market is growing, a significant number of new consumers coming to the markets and entering these categories, so we see an increased activity in terms of the retail markets increasing, players going -- entering new categories, new channel of distributions. So we should combine all this momentum and all strong strategic partnership we have in the region. We're enjoying more than our fair share of the growth of the market, so we continue to strengthen our leadership. Obviously, the growth was more significant than we expected in the fourth quarter. But right now, the pipeline of new wins and the continued activity in the market would indicate that we will continue to see a good momentum going into 2013.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Lauren, I mean, you explained pretty well all. I mean, basically it's a very important Flavor ingredient. Just to give you a kind of magnitude, I mean, if you're thinking that we're -- potential, I mean, of the market is 10 billion [ph], the first 4, 5 Flavors, 1 is vanilla. So I mean, this is one of the component of this kind of Flavors profile. It's a very expensive raw material, has a high volatility in the market. You have always problems in sourcing. So by doing that, I mean, we will be able to, first, I mean, have a very sustainable way of getting this product, in a very cost-effective and sustainable way. So I think that this is the key element of this partnership. We are really, very, very exciting, and we are very close to get, I mean, the things done. If we can -- if we will be able to be successfully, I mean, to scale-up manufacture, we will have the first, so let's say, samples in the market by the end of this year. So it goes as we expect, Lauren. I think that we will see some -- I mean, good results by early or mid-2014.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Edward, it's Nicolas. First of all, as you say, we saw very, very strong Q4 coming from the strength of the existing business and brands having more confidence in the Christmas season as well as the strong momentum in new wins. And it was really across the different regions, but mostly, also driven by the strength in Lat Am and North America. So Christmas was positive in the U.S, mixed in Europe and strong in Latin America. The fact that most of the strength came from Latin America, and we see continued momentum, this will be a good balance to offset what could come as pressure points in Europe or the markets. So right now, it's too soon for us to understand the inventory level. One thing which is fair to say, that it will not be the same pressure point that we saw in 2009, when you had a lot of inventories throughout the entire supply chain at the retail level and the customer level. So it's a bit too early to say at the moment. But obviously, a strong Q4 put some tough comparison with Q1.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Silke, I mean, basically, what I've mentioned is, I mean, this remarkable growth in Beverages was being brought by new wins we haven't had before. I mean, we are making great inroads in North America in very important brands in the still beverage. So this has been the main reason that you have this -- such a big increase.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Look, it's very difficult to comment on the competition. The only thing, as I said before, was a very strong for us is the strength of our existing portfolio where you have a lot of classics and which are well-positioned in many markets, but also we had a significant number of new wins. But more importantly, this when [ph] you are successful in the marketplace and provided market share gain for the brands we partnered with. So we don't have the industry data, so it's difficult to comment on this, but I just want to provide you some insights on our performance.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Yes, Silke, it's Nicolas. So we are very pleased with the progress we're making as some customers are going into market test with our new encapsulation systems, into new categories. Obviously, Asia is one area where we're rolling out even further the technology and which is good as seed [ph] where we're able to enter new countries, and even to enter new customers with the technology. So we are pleased with this additional growth potential that we're developing at the moment.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Right now it's confidential. I would like our customers to have the privilege to do their market test in full confidence and then to be able to roll it out. So we'll leave that privilege to our customers that we partner with.
Kevin C. Berryman: Mark, this is Kevin. Just one quick additional comment. I think that if we looked at the broad portfolio across a lot of different regions, there was actually good solid growth in a lot of countries. So there was some standouts, obviously, you picked one of them, but we saw some good solid growth across a broad swell of countries and regions. So we were pleased with that performance in the fourth quarter.
Kevin C. Berryman: Thanks for the question, Lauren. We are always thinking about ways to have an incentive compensation program that is directly aligned with performance and, effectively, we do. And that has resulted, given some of the variability in our performance and different levels of incentive comp and certainly, that occurred in Q4 of this year. I think the specifics, as it relates to Q4, was that the top line performance really was stronger than we expected. And our local currency sales growth jumped up above 4%. We talked to the 4% number, but it's almost close to rounding to 5. So it's a big number. So it's bigger than what our expectations were and it's relative to a strong November and December. Growth is a big part of our incentive comp dynamic, and so that translated into us having to increase our provisions for the quarter. Having said all of that, at the end of the day, we didn't hit our profit objectives, and so consequently, the impact on our incentive comp was more about our growth and less about our profitability. And I would also remind you, as it relates to 2011, we had very strong levels of operating profit growth in 2011, where we grew more than 10%. I believe, the number was 11% in 2011. And our incentive comp was quite low because we underperformed versus our expectations internally. So there is the resetting of the comp, which ultimately has an impact on a comparable basis, and ultimately, as we look to drive incremental growth and innovation into our portfolio, we continue to see a greater stability in the top line, which will translate into greater stability of our incentive comp levels.
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, I mean, we've been targeting that 8% level anyway, and the fact we're a little bit higher, I view is a good thing. You've touched upon some of the items, such as the Evolva payment, but it's really the recognition that we're going to win through technology, win through investments. So it's a continued push we have on a lot of agreed internal platforms, Silke.
Kevin C. Berryman: Silke, this is Kevin. Clearly, margin profiles by either customers or regions or whatever, they're not all exactly the same. But we do not see a reduction in our margin profile as it relates to our drive to have incremental business in the emerging markets.
Kevin C. Berryman: Yes, Mark, we'll be continuing to provide -- this is Kevin. We'll continue to provide you some insights as we are ready to disclose publicly what efforts are being executed in the Fragrance Ingredients. As we've said in the past, it's a fairly complex process, and the things that are being thought about have a lot of tentacles into our internal supply of products and across our facilities. So it is complex. Likely, when we decide to do something, it's going to be impacting largely 2014 as opposed to 2013. So the answer, just a quick answer to your question is, you would not have to assume benefits as it relates to that, for us to be getting to guidelines that have been established in terms of our objectives for the year. In terms of Fragrance and Flavors, we continue to believe that there's opportunities to improve the gross margin profile due to all the things we talked about over the course of this morning, innovation, continuing to drive the mix on the portfolio, to areas where we are advantaged, improving the margin profile for those areas which are less advantaged, all of those things, we think, have an opportunity for us to be able to drive incremental margin profile in both businesses. So that's a critical part of our strategy. As you know, it's one of the pillars of our strategy, and we'll continue to execute against it.
