Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Glenn. IFF's transformation has been deeply personal to me, and I know that this company is stronger today than it has ever been. I am proud of the solid year we had in 2021 with significant year over year sales and profit growth, as well as steady progress towards our integration with N&B. So all my time at IFF, I've been consistently impressed by the thousands of employees who have dedicated their time and talent to make our company, the category defining leader it is today. I want to thank them for their contributions over this year and the time I have led the company and also for that passion about IFF and the commitment to our customers. The path ahead for the company and its new leadership team is clear. I'm confident that IFF enters its next chapter with the right team at best in class portfolio, innovative spirit, significant financial flexibility and a unified sense of purpose to drive long term growth and benefit our shareholders, employees, customers and communities. With that. I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. good morning, Gunther. Thanks for the question. Your two questions are highly related because relative to the top line, we'd say the variable that's likely to be the bigger indicator of the range is we're going to be more volume than price. If anything, frankly, we feel very good about what we've implemented from price what's coming through. If there's additional inflationary price pressures, we may in fact push additional pricing, but volume to some extent, I think is the bigger question mark for us. We had a 2% to 3% assumption relative to volumes. That's probably a point lower than historically the market from a standpoint and that will probably drive the difference in terms of the top line. To your second question, we've actually have not seen much elasticity. i.e. as you know yourself sort of amp  up on the consumer product companies have been releasing recently, those volumes generally have been sticking in the market. We have one month by the way, the month of January results, generally volumes are sort of holding  in their Q4. So we're not seeing sort of a drop yet. That being said, when we put the plan together, recognizing this is going to be a very abnormal year, given the sheer degree of pricing, we got it prudent to plan accordingly and we actually expect, and what we've seen from an awful lot of our competitors is everybody is basically implementing the same range of pricing in the market.
Andreas Fibig: Sure. Great question, Mark. The reality is we're well into midstream on pricing actions. We signal in our third quarter call with heavy inflation on the horizon, we react as a very quickly. So we spent the latter part of the fourth quarter and then sort of every working day this year of executing broad based pricing across the entire customer base. That actually has been quite effective. So based on the read of that i.e., we've implemented most of that pricing already, which will kick in largely over the first and second quarter. It appears to be sticking. We also know from observing our competitors, as they're under similar inflationary pressures, we're all sort of seeing the same thing and they're also are passing pricing through. So we feel like we're sort of neck to neck in terms of what we're doing in the market. We are being surgical. There are certain category is that are slightly more elastic or price competitive, if you will and are being thoughtful about sort of where we price and there are other areas that typically are less of elastic, they also are passing pricing through.  So we feel like we're sort of neck-to-neck in terms of what we're doing in the market. We are being surgical. There are certain categories that are slightly more elastic or price competitive, if you will and are being thoughtful about sort of where we price. And there are other areas that typically are less of elastic for a host of, and sort of making sure that we sort of price appropriate in those segments. But we do believe that -- actually more than believe, we've seen it. A lot of our pricing is in fact now and being implemented over the coming months. And, we have not seen, as I mentioned, a big significant change in terms of volumes and the amount of customers that we've lost has been relatively small, directly related to our pricing actions. We’re relative to the longer term, as we mentioned on the script, we had about $400 million of inflation last year. We anticipated about $600 million, so in all, in a billion dollars, between the two years. We implemented $200 million last and we're planning on matching the $600 million this year. So we're still $200 million short. We do fully anticipate to capture that additional $200 million as we move into 2023. And very importantly, the market continues to ebb and flow. Although we haven't seen a lot of movement on raw materials recently, there's been some ups and downs, but are prepared to react. And if they're additional inflationary pressures, we're, we're positioned to go to the market very rapidly.
Andreas Fibig: I think it, it is a -- it is the question in some sense, how do we think about our longer term goals? Obviously Frank joins us next week and we will be working very aggressively over the coming months to review our longer term targets. That being said, I would say two things certainly going from '25, '26 to call it 32, 33; it’s a big number for next year. As you pointed out, I think we have a clear line of sight to $200 million of incremental pricing at least another a hundred million of synergy productivity. I actually would hope for more, quite frankly, but we have a hundred million left on the extent synergy side that gets us directionally to 2285 to 29 range from the standpoint. So we're getting to close the gap, but there's still a gap there. And we have work to figure that out. I think on a qualitative basis I am optimistic there's lot year because of the operating environment has been very challenging. And again, he would, would've anticipated the level of inflation and what we had to deal with on top of that, the global supply chain issues, but we do feel a combination of the strength of the platform in terms of revenue opportunities for growth. And in addition, the more I time I spend here, the more I'm convinced that there are meaningful opportunities to enhance our overall performance in terms of productivity and operating margin. So I, until Frank has arrives and we sort of go through that very detailed process, we can't provide a number. But there's a clear line to call it 2829 next year, based on pricing and productivity. And I think we have additional opportunities on top of that.
Andreas Fibig: The basket has changed actually with the combination of NMB. It's actually slightly more U.S based. Then it is non-US based. Roughly around 50% of our revenues are U.S dollar denominated, about 25% are, are Euro, and then a, a range of currencies for the residual from a an earnings perspective while the Euro's 25% in revenues. It's about 20% in terms of our earnings. From a cash flow standpoint, because we have a higher cost base that European denominated. So, it is a significant portion. It's the one, that's what we focused on from a risk standpoint. As you know, the Euro dropped from circle 118 on average, last year, it's been in sort the 113, 114 range. We were planning a 113, so that's how we sort of think about the year.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah, sure. Adam, thanks. Thanks for the question. Relative to the synergies we identified as reminder, we did $60.21 million. Our commitment was to get to $180 million this year and to ramp up to $300 million. We're actually going to be short of that. We're actually posting another $90 million this year. I would note that our total productivity basket is $200 million. So we're thinking more broadly than just synergies, frankly, a year past the deal. It's important that we just figure out how to cut costs across the enterprise, as opposed to just focus on the narrow combination areas. Now of that shortfall, if you will, this year, it's all in the procurement arena, just given what's going on global supply chain. Wasn't realistic to sort of count on the synergy impact. So 60 plus -- plus the 90 gets us basically to the 150, and as I mentioned, I'm fully confident we're going to get the residual 150 and synergies to other areas and we'll continue to focus on productivity above that. So if you think about the carry over to next year between pricing of $200 million and then another 150 that's how you get to the 28 of the 29 from sort of a carryover standpoint into '23.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. it's a great question. We have some more work to do to figure out sort of where we're going to be longer term relative to cash generation. We're going to be actually making slightly higher investments in two areas this year. I think net of these investments will be sort of about equal on a cash flow basis. One is we're going to be adding inventories building, I should say, inventories of about $300 million. As a reminder, when the deal was closed a year ago, we were at artificially low inventory levels, about 111 days. This historically the combined entity was in the 1 25 range. We built some of that back at the end of the year. We were, but we're still sort of short of where we need to be. The second thing is our CapEx spending will increase this year as well, relative to last year. Those increases are twofold. We ended the year less than $400 million. Some of the CapEx we were unable to implement last year that was a by-product of suppliers, basically being delayed in terms of supplying steel and other products. And in addition, just we operate in COVID environment. So the speed at which we're able to implement the load as well. So we're ramping up. We're also ramping up simply to address some capacity constraints, supply chain, which will actually achieve, help achieve higher demand levels as well as lower costs on the logistics side. So net, there is about a combination of $500 million increase between inventories and higher CapEx year-over-year, but the overall cash-flow apart from the business would be felt relatively neutral, after that's done. Longer term, as I mentioned previously, we, really have some work to do, to think about our longer term sort of goals relative to the cash generation of the enterprise.
Andreas Fibig: Sure. Thanks. Thanks for the question. In general, as I mentioned, we haven't seen much of volume drop off relative to our pricing action. So there are certain categories that are slightly more competitive, but in the environment where demand is still relatively high, we've been able to push through pricing. So there, there nowhere have we seen sort of great pockets of sort of softness across any of the businesses? That's point one. Point two, there is a lag, and that's why there, the $200 million will kick in late this year and roll into next year from an overlap standpoint. And there's too reason for that, that there's contractual relationships that despite actually in this environment, it's been easier to open up renegotiations to the level inflation. It takes time to renegotiate and put it in place. So just a timing element and then some of the contracts are more indices based or tied to certain indexes that certified as well. So recall we had $400 million last year, so we're, we're basically implementing all that. And then we have another $600 million to catch up. So at that billion, we will catch up $800 million of it within literally sort of five. And then we will kick into the residual into '23, which is right in that same window sort 18 months, thinking that sort of for implementation.
Andreas Fibig: I, think we have been appropriately prudent in our planning process, given the sheer level of pricing that we have in the plan. We didn't want to sort of sort of push the envelope if you will, from a volume standpoint. As I mentioned previously, it's going to depend upon the consumer certainly in the very, very early days of the year. That seems to be holding up. But we have a lot of year ahead of us, as well. From a capacity standpoint as we've mentioned in the past, we are making very meaningful investments, a combination of CapEx, as well as inventory, to allow us to address some of the legacy issues we had last year. Those issues were principally and legacy N&B businesses that will feel better about having the capacity to meet and if it continues. But it's largely a function of just being prudent in this sort of a very, very unprecedented market from the planning standpoint.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah, let me I'll answer the second question really, just to give you some perspective on margin, sort of the margin change year over year progression through the year. So that reflects sort of the combination of the inflation and the pricing, the action, interestingly, it enough because we've been in two years of COVID it's difficult to look at any of the businesses on a given quarter and it's better to look on a two year or normalized basis. And when you, that actually the range relative to the currency neutral results of our businesses actually tightened up quite a bit. And they come very close together. So as it relates to this year from our planning standpoint, we don't have big differences planned per se, across our different business units. There much more tighter distribution in volume in part because we have a two to 3% volume in general. And in part, because we think we're opinion more normalized environment, and some of the capacity issues are also being effectively addressed. So we don't expect to have a, a wide range of impact. A wide range of differences between the businesses as relates to volumes from a pro on the pricing actions and the inflation and how we're offsetting that we do expect that the first half principally the first quarter will be the most challenged. We expect that the first quarter is likely to have margin down year of year, a little over 300 basis points. We expect that that will soft into around 150ish in the second quarter. And then in the back half of the year, we'll basically be up to get to the full year. The full year guidance is sort of directionally down 80 basis points year over year from a combination. So that, basically is a reflection of how we see the, sort of the, the pricings, the pricing kicking in relative to the inflation.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. Good question. So maybe Andres going to add a little bit more on the revenue synergy, right? We feel very good about the longer term prospects on revenue synergies. We admit that we're behind, we, we basically are not on the original plan relative to the timing and for the pace of the revenue synergies. That in our view is simply a function of how we spent the last year. The last year because of the nature of supply chain issues inflation issues. We ended up dedicating resources more to the here and now from the standpoint. It's actually also allowed this for our commercial teams, our R&D teams to basically spend more time working together and a byproduct of that. We do feel like there's a very strong pipeline of opportunities going forward. So I very -- you will see basically the majority of the opportunities within our no division because by the nature of the products and the customer, it just goes very nicely together. If you just take all the plant based protein products where basically can, can offer almost a total solution on in many, many cases, even a total solution to our customers, so that that's one example. The other example is, and we had just one of the big customer meetings on, on the American cleaning Institute, Congress, this this month's where you see that the enzyme business for household care products and the fragrance business are going hand in hand. So these are certainly the biggest opportunities for us going forward and then something which we should not underestimate is that we have opportunities on the R&D side as well. And I give you just one very concrete example. Everybody is looking now for these the capsules for you put the fragrance into detergent and to produce a green capsule. And now with our enhanced capabilities, we have many more programs running to come up with really good solutions. They're already in generation two and three, and that is a synergy by themselves as, as well on the R&D area, which probably takes a little bit more time. And then Glenn, you should comment on the portfolio.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. Thank you very much for the participation and, and the good questions and taking preparation. That's my last IFF meeting here. Thank you for all the good and constructive work and have a good day. Thank you.
