Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Kevin, Hernan and Nicolas for the remarks on the company's performance. 2013 was a very exciting year for us as we continued to execute on our 3-pillar strategy while investing in the future growth and profitability of the company. We are pleased with the momentum on both sides of the business and believe that we are well positioned for growth due to the many steps we have taken to augment our profitability and strengthen the company. We are expecting continued success in 2014. We have the right teams in place to continue to provide customers with superior customized products that deliver improved performance to their consumers. We expect to deliver local currency growth in the range of 5% to 7%, reflecting the addition of Aromor, continued new business wins and volume growth in the faster growing and more mature markets. This includes our organic growth rate range of 4% to 6% with an additional point of growth associated with our acquisition of Aromor. We also expect to see strong levels of adjusted profit and earnings per share growth in 2014 as our business continues to see top line and operating momentum and we benefit from the reset of our expected incentive-based compensation expense to a 100% target level in 2014. As a result, operating profit growth is expected to be up double digits with EPS seeing commensurate strong improvement. Regarding our first quarter of 2014, as Nicolas and Hernan pointed out, we expect more moderate -- modest top line growth in Q1 following a strong Q4 and, hence, performance more aligned with our long-term growth rates in Q1. Regarding EPS, we expect a muted level of growth through the absence of the R&D tax credit in 2014, which was reinstated in Q1 2013. Regardless of these impacts in Q1, we believe our full year outlook is achievable. I thought I would wrap up with a brief summary of our investment theses. We partner with the world's leading global consumer companies. Our flavors and fragrances are the key component in the world's finest perfumes and best known consumer brands and are often the key reason behind a consumer's purchase decision. Yet our products only contribute 1% to 4% of the overall cost of a finished product, creating a great value proposition for our customers. We are geographically diversified. Our focus on the fast-growing emerging markets is not new. We have had footholds in many of the developing markets, such as India, for more than 50 years. As our customers in the emerging markets grow their businesses, they have the ability to leverage our long-standing presence and our extensive market knowledge to help drive growth in their brands. The company generates healthy cash flows, which allow us to reinvest back into the business as we strive to reallocate resources towards higher return activities while still maintaining financial flexibility and returning capital to shareholders. Lastly, we have an experienced and a talented employee base whose dedication and commitment drive the company forward in line with their strategic plans. In conclusion, we are very well positioned in the market for continued success. Our investments in Asia and EAME are proceeding as planned and are vital to sustaining our long-term growth and delivering the best service to our customers. Our strong growth reflects the ability of our people to collaborate effectively and leverage our R&D, creative offering and geographic footprint to create solutions for our customers. And finally, we were able to achieve all of this through the strengths of our business model and the expertise of our people. This year, we are celebrating our 125th anniversary at IFF. Our employees continue to drive our success by creating exceptional products and providing superior service. We share this milestone with our customers, our partners and our shareholders. I thank you for your participation this morning. I will now open up the call for questions.
Douglas D. Tough: Lauren, I think it's partly right. I mean, I think the analogy to investing in your business with advertising is a good one. We've certainly been over 8%, but I don't think it's as simple as just will it expand gross margin. There's a pretty disciplined approach within both the business units in concert with R&D and another units in the company that takes a look at the size of the price, the likelihood of getting the margin, the cost and use, the likelihood of regulatory approval, the time required and so on. So there are a number of factors that go into it. Now we evaluate all the projects that are on the docket with a view to which ones we think we can fund. And I'll have to say that where we are now in the disciplined approach that's really been brought to bear by a number of constituents in the company helps us understand where we think there's a really good return. So I'm very happy with where we are at our investment level. Clearly, if we have the opportunity to enhance that, we can do so. But the projects all go through a pretty disciplined rigor to be approved, and so we're not -- we're certainly not underspending but, frankly, nor do I see us overspending at this point. And we have quarterly reviews which document the probability, likelihood and the expected returns we're going to get.
Douglas D. Tough: Certainly, Mike. We look at a number of ways that we might be able to attack that issue. And we publicly stated certainly that the focus will be on continued growth and investment. But certainly, the balance sheet and the opportunities for capital, we look at M&A-type opportunities. We've done a small recent deal with Aromor. The company's aspirations would be greater than that, but they will also be well disciplined in the context of the financial rigor that M&A has to bring. Certainly, other capital issues, whether they're buybacks and so on, we've done small ones. But I'd say the overall earning objective here is how can we get growth, that profitable growth. So we hope we have more M&A opportunities ahead of us, and -- that would be deploying the capital.
Douglas D. Tough: And certainly, Aromor brings us strength with the opportunity to use those molecules. You can see, we're, using more of them in order to win new businesses will give us perhaps long-term margin improvement, not necessarily short term. But I'd echo what Kevin said, both businesses are attractive. But while we look at the comparisons to each, the real comparison needs to be within the BU and the comparisons to their competitors and what we need to do to win against competitors, not to win against each other. But both are attractive, and we pointed that out both at the Investor Day and in the overall financial results.
Douglas D. Tough: Well, I mean, I guess the comments we get from customers, the customer interaction we have is ongoing across both sides of the business. I think the one thing that -- there is what we would call defensive and offensive briefs. And the opportunities to go forward to customers with a view to understanding their portfolio and providing solutions to them and recommendations on innovation has really been well received on a number of the globals. So the leading indicators, the way you've called them, can be some softness, which Hernan has just touched upon. But the way we have to deal with that is our customers are still looking for innovation and the opportunities for innovation. And we've ramped up our game, continued to do so. So not withstanding there may be some slowing down, we've been able to counteract some of that through proactive activities. And that would continue to be the thrust that we would do.
Douglas D. Tough: Well, thank you all for your participation. I think this morning, you got a sense of the -- how IFF needs to operate and the diversity of the business, whether it's the 2 business units, the regions, the categories. But managing that diversity, we think, leads to our success. We look forward to talking with you in early May for the Q1 results. Thanks for your participation.
Kevin C. Berryman: Mark, this is Kevin. I'll take a stab. I will tell you that pricing in 2013 was muted, certainly in the back half of the year especially. So you can consider that the growth dynamic associated with Q3 and Q4 was largely a result of our strong new wins. You heard the mention that our 2013 year, as it relates to growth from new wins, was a record. So very, very strong level of performance in 2013. For 2014, we are seeing selective areas where input costs are increasing, and we would expect to have targeted and selective discussions with customers to have pricing, but we don't see that as being a material dynamic in the overall kind of picture for our growth in 2014. Overall, we don't see a significant acceleration in our input costs, but we see -- are seeing some specific ones that we're going to need to take some pricing actions on.
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, we specifically called it out, Mark, because we don't expect that those are going to be seen to ultimately recur on an ongoing basis. But effectively, we have some costs associated with our acquisition of Aromor. That's clearly in the Q4 numbers. We had some legal project costs. We had some tax costs that we incurred relative to our emerging market presences. So if you look at those kind of items that -- well, making up the bulk of those, clearly the call-out is to suggest that we shouldn't necessarily see those levels of expenses going forward in Q4 2014.
Kevin C. Berryman: This is Kevin. We did have an accelerated milestone payment for Amyris in the fourth quarter. So that bumped up the fourth quarter numbers specifically higher than what would probably be determined to be kind of an ongoing level. So you should be aware of that.
Kevin C. Berryman: I think if you go back -- let's start from the foundation of what our 3-pillar strategy is. And obviously, the footprint, the -- leveraging the geographic footprint, strengthening our innovation and managing the portfolio are all our -- are opportunities that will allow us to continue to hopefully drive our gross margin progress going forward. So it's part of our strategic vision that, that happens. Having said all of that, Mike, we saw some great advancements in 2013. We would not expect to have that same level of improvement in 2014. So I think we're going to be looking at a more normalized level of gross margin improvement in 2014. And of course, that will require us to take some pricing actions into those specific areas where we're seeing some acceleration in input costs for our respective businesses. And I think that at the end of the day, there's an inherent dynamic relative to the innovation that the teams are bringing to their portfolios, which should afford us gross margin enhancement over the long haul. And so that's a critical part of our strategy. We still think that, that strategic pillar is well in place, and that is our intent, to try and drive that. But it will be at levels that are less robust in 2014 than in 2013 in terms of level of improvement.
Kevin C. Berryman: It was largely associated with new wins associated with the efforts by the BUs in driving innovation into the portfolio. So it's largely volume related. Now some of that is mix because you might have innovation that brings mix benefits to it. But we don't break that out necessarily separately. So think about it as volume-mix driven.
Kevin C. Berryman: I think there's a variety of factors that are driving that. Certainly, the strategic initiatives that we talk about a lot, Jeff, are a driver to that. And if you think about the exit of the low-margin Flavors activity, that's worth probably 80-plus basis points to Flavors, 40-plus basis points to the company over that period of time. You have the mix benefits of our innovation coming out of that higher margin levels. We did -- we're able to realize a moderating level of input costs. All of those things add up to something that looks very attractive from a margin progressive. And we think that the thesis underlying that strategic kind of plank of innovation and margin enhancement is certainly going to play forward as well. There was also, and I would say this especially in Fragrance in 2013, a lot of productivity enhancements as well, which related to our ability to drive a reduction in ingredients that support those new opportunities of wins. As well, you know that Nicolas and his team have done some restructuring efforts over time to ultimately drive incremental margins as well. So a broad array of efforts, and it will always continue to be a broad array of efforts because we need to be efficient, productive and innovative in terms of driving the business going forward.
Kevin C. Berryman: It's Kevin. I'll take a crack at that. Look, I think that certainly, both of our business units are very strongly economically profitable, and both represent fantastic growth opportunities. We do think that there were some significant opportunities to enhance economic profit within the context of the Fragrance business. And you can see, given their margin profile, well, some of that improvement is coming to light. Whether or not we openly get to a level where those 2 businesses are equal in terms of margins, we don't think about it that way necessarily, but we do believe they both represent very, very strong opportunities to have profitable growth. And specifically, because of the things you called out in your question, there are some things which will afford us perhaps an ability to further reduce the difference between the 2 margin profiles of the business units. And of course, depending upon, at the end of the day, our ability to drive innovation into our portfolios, that will ultimately determine where we fall out in terms of margin profiles in my mind.
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, to a large extent, Ed, that's -- that was a mouthful of a question because as you know, it's a complex area. But I will tell you that certainly, in general, we have a belief that we'll continue to reinvest back into the emerging markets. And so to a certain extent, there is an ability for us to use that cash by reinvesting back into the businesses. And that's good for us. That's good for our customers. That's good for their consumers ultimately. Having said that, we do need cash back in the U.S., and we look at all available means to provide opportunities to bring that back to help fund our needs on debt service, share buybacks, dividends, whatever the case may be. So we have very proactive discussions ongoing with our teams around the globe, and the treasury group does a very, very nice job of working out with our teams to facilitate our ability to get the cash where we need it and when we want it. There are challenges. Clearly, Argentina is one. There are others that I would call out, which are bigger challenges actually just because of the magnitude of it. But at the end of the day, some of our FX structures that we have in place and its ability to match our costs with our -- with the more harder currencies is a benefit to us probably versus many of our competitors and/or customers.
Kevin C. Berryman: We've continued to say that we're in the neighborhood of 4.5% to 5% probably until the year 2016 when we will probably start to trend down to, let's call it, a lower level, more consistent with history.
Hernan Vaisman: It's Hernan here. Regarding the natural vanillin, as I mentioned in the previous call, I mean, we just finish this quarter, in fact in January 1, is scaled up. It was successful. Now the next step is to get these materials throughout all the creation centers in the world in order to get the flavorist, application teams familiar with it. And we plan to start going to present to customers and show it in the markets in the second part of the year. So we expect to get the first, I mean, revenues coming from these initiatives by the end of this year.
Hernan Vaisman: Okay, I'll take a stab, and it's Hernan here. You're right. I see the type of situation when you read the newspapers on the real economy there, that they are really -- almost all economies except Mexico and Brazil [ph], mainly, Argentina and Brazil. And really, we're performing really, really well, and this is basically from what I mentioned before, the high level of new wins that they have there in this area. In some countries, for example, you can think that Argentina we will never grow and there's a bit of pressure on this country, well, our growth is more on the 20%. And this is really coming from the new wins. So we -- usually, you can say that the economies and the growth of our business should be somewhere correlated. But we stated that the correlation will be a big difference between whether the country will grow and when you're winning by yourself. Organically, actually, we're not growing, but our new wins there should accelerate the growth in that region. And your question is almost in all countries, in Mexico, Brazil and Argentina.
Hernan Vaisman: Thank you for the question. I just came -- it's Hernan here. I just came from Asia, and it's been a long trip there. And as I was mentioning last call, we saw some slowdown in India. I mean, definitely, the economic situation is impacting the overall of the business. But I just came and I -- even now, the sentiment is, in some ways, different. I mean, they see may see some, they say, light at the end of the tunnel by the second [ph]. So our real concern in the third and fourth quarter was India. We see some improvement. Having said all that, I mean, the incentive is clear. I mean, the pace of growth that they used to have, I mean, the developing markets in Asia, the one we're focusing, is different. I mean, when we talk about 2 or 3 years ago, the growth was almost in the double digits, and now you're talking in China 10%, India 6%. So there is a kind of slowdown there. Having said that, the potential is huge. I mean, we've got so many consumers, they -- buying and getting the new cars. So the [indiscernible] the timing [indiscernible]. How it's impacting, I mean, the customers, yes, in some customers that's really impacting in those markets. But again, I mean, we are not only working with one customer, we are working with many customers in one of these markets. And as I mentioned before, domestically [ph], it has a perfect correlation between a customer, between countries and our, I mean, growth. If we are really putting effort there, as what we are doing, a lot of investments, they are really creating good products, that they are really gaining the consumer preference. We can have -- even though it's kind of a lower base in growth [ph], we can have the possibility to grow faster than even of many of the customers in the countries. So in short, the pace of growth in emerging markets is down, but we have the fundamentals in place really to keep on outperforming the market growth.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: It's Nicolas. Regarding Aromor, without going into the specific, well, the key takeaway is that first of all, in terms of capabilities, they have complementary capabilities to ours. And therefore, our ability to develop new molecule is strengthened when you put our team and their team, number one. The number two is it's a complementary portfolio. There is no overlap in our portfolio of ingredients. So it's very incremental to us, both for our external sales of ingredient, but, most importantly, they are really critical ingredients I -- in fact specialty ingredients for perfumers to use in their creation. We know these ingredients very well because we are the -- a partner to Aromor for a very long time. So our perfumers know these ingredients very well and can use them rapidly at a higher level in their new creations moving forward.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: It's Nicolas here. Very similar to what Hernan was saying, we -- well, we've been saying that first of all, emerging markets, especially in Latin America, is that -- where we had a leading position for many decades already. So it speaks to not only the strengths of our portfolio, the strengths of the relationship, very high market share, very, very strong consumer insight and really understanding what is driving consumer preference. So we engage on a position of strength and knowledge and expertise, which is augmented by our innovation pipeline. And the growth was really driven by new wins. So very, very strong growth for the portfolio and a very strong growth last year. Yes, the economy is where we're seeing some signs. We have to monitor the situation. But at least the pipeline of introduction for the Q4 was very strong, and we will have to keep monitoring as the situation progress. And as far as countries are concerned, very, very strong growth in Brazil and Mexico, Argentina and Colombia, really driving the growth in Latin America.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: It's Nicolas here. First of all, I would like to provide a perspective. There's 2 components to take into account. First, comp versus last year. So if you take here North America [indiscernible] minus 6, but it was on the heel of plus 17%, which was significant growth and far higher than what the market was experiencing. So I think that the comp is playing an element. And then if you look at our growth of 24% in the EAME, one thing that is important to take into consideration is a large majority of our customers, while European based, are manufacturing in Europe for the rest of the world. So probably definitely, as we know, part of the 27% growth in Europe, which is far above the market growth, is also then being exported to the U.S., but we cannot record it as U.S.-based sales. So it's difficult for us to track. But definitely, the 24% in Europe were from very strong -- new wins, a pipeline that are shipped in different parts of the world. And then there are things about Latin America. Minus 1. I just would like to remind everyone that last year, in Q4, we grew 59%, which is also very far in excess of what the market was going. So if you look at the 2-year average, it's still a double-digit growth and above the market growth.
