Andreas Fibig: Thanks, Alison. As we look ahead to 2016, I want to provide an assessment of our vantage point as we stand here today. Basically, there are four key themes that we believe are relevant when planning our financial goals for 2016. From an economic perspective, there's a lot of fluidity around the world. While the developed markets of the U.S. and Western Europe appear to be improving slowly and the emerging markets, the volatility we experienced in the second half of 2015 continues. Large markets like China appear to be decelerating and Brazil continues its decline. These two markets account for approximately 15% of our total sales. With regard to multinational consumer product companies, volume expectations seem to be muted as many organizations appear to be focused on improving margins while taking pricing actions in emerging markets to protect profitability. Fortunately, regional players continue to exhibit stronger volume trends, whether it be in the U.S. or in the emerging markets. This economic uncertainty has led to sharp declines in hard commodities such as oil, which is beneficial in terms of costs. This large decline in petrochemical should help in terms of input cost, although we continue to see naturals, such as vanilla and citrus, remaining elevated. Finally, in terms of foreign exchange, the US dollar continues to strength against world currencies. This continues to be a challenge for most multinational companies based in US, both in terms of translation and transaction exposure. With all that as context, we are preparing ourselves for even more challenging conditions, given the higher level of economic uncertainty and the more cautious volume outlook of consumer packaged goods companies. We expect 3.5% to 4.5% currency-neutral sales growth, including approximately a 1.5 percentage-point contribution on the acquisitions of Ottens and Lucas Meyer. From an organic perspective, growth is expected to be largely driven by consumer fragrances, as well as Latin America and EAME and flavors. From an operating profit perspective, we expect to achieve 5% to 7% growth, inclusive of the contribution of M&A. This improvement should be a result of gross margin expansion and productivity initiatives, that more than offset the resetting of our annual incentive compensation program and investments in our strategy 2020, both of which Alison will touch on in a moment. Currency-neutral EPS growth is expected to improve by 6.5% to 8.5%, led by a modestly lower effective tax rate and the continuation of our share repurchase program. Longer term, we continue to believe that over the 2016-2020 horizon we can deliver our Vision 2020 financial targets. We believe our emphasis on building greater differentiation, specifically in R&D, should ultimately lead to higher growth rates in the years to come. And in light of the recent instability in the financial markets around the world, I want to take a moment to reemphasize that IFF is a diversified and competitively advantaged organization. Whether you analyze our portfolio by category, region, or customer, the breadth and diversity of our portfolio is great and our innovative solutions are key components of consumer staple products that enjoy long-term growth stability. We believe that our management team, as well as all IFF employees are capable of executing on our strategy 2020, to deliver long-term value for our shareholders. As we communicated at our recent Investor Day, we continue to believe that we can deliver organic currency-neutral growth - term targets of 4% to 6% growth, 7% to 9% operating profit growth, and 10% EPS growth over the course of 2016 to 2020. With that, I would like to ask Alison to provide some additional remarks on our profitability outlook and foreign exchange exposure.
Andreas Fibig: In summary, 2015 was a successful year for IFF. We were able to deliver solid financial performance, while also implementing our new Vision 2020 strategy, geared towards accelerating profitable growth, building greater differentiation, and maximizing shareholder value. Our focus now continues to be on the execution of our strategy. In addition in 2015, we integrated two acquisitions, strengthened and further prioritized our R&D initiatives, achieved our sustainability objectives, grew our talent, and invigorated IFF's brand with the launch of our new purpose statement and enhanced branding elements, all of which helps spotlight our vision, imagination, and innovative focus. Looking forward, we are committed to our long-term targets and continue to believe that over the 2016-2020 horizon we can deliver strong financial results. And while 2016 is more challenging in terms of the operating environment, we believe we can deliver solid financial results, while simultaneously reinvesting in our business. With that, I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Andreas Fibig: Mark, thank you for the question. Let me start and then I hand over to Alison. First of all, what we have started to be - and you have seen it in the call in terms of pretty aggressive, let's say, savings targets to make sure that we have good cost base, which will help us going forward in the years to come as well. And we will take part of it to reinvest in particular in R&D because we believe we have to build differentiation and new molecules. And as I hopefully have shown you during the presentation that we have already some early successes in terms of our pipeline, just mentioning going from two fragrance to four fragrance and new patented molecules, which will help us to grow our base over the years to come. I agree with you. The economic environment has worsened compared to, let's say, eight to nine months ago and that's the reason why we are cautious in terms of our outlook as well because the volatility is just very, very high right now. Let me hand over to Alison.
Andreas Fibig: Okay. Mike, thank you for the question. It's probably a bit of a long one to answer because a couple of the puzzle pieces we have to piece together. So if we look, for example, to fine fragrance, we can say it was a good Christmas season, so we basically saw good performance here, so we don't expect that we see a restocking effect here, so that's the first part of the business. We have a good project pipeline, particularly on the fragrance component side and also on the flavors side, so we see that this is good and very, very solid. In compounds fragrance, I would see it even over the average we have seen before. So that's good. On the flavors side, we see that projects are happening and we have projects that we have always executed by our customers, and it depends how, let's say, how much they are selling them of the product, especially on the category side. On the geographic side, what we see is US and Europe are actually pretty okay and coming back. We see a bit of a softness in particular in some of the emerging markets, like China, and we should not forget that if we look at our customers, in particular the big CPG customers, that the outlook for volume is relatively muted. The good thing is, we don't see this with all of our regional and local customers, and as you know our customer split is 50-50 with the big clients and the small ones. So bit of a long-winded answer, but they are really different pieces to be looked at for 2016. I hope that helps.
Andreas Fibig: Let me start probably with the flavors plant first in China. We have made the decision that we will invest in the second plant. We plan to start groundbreaking at the end of the year and that will deliver us with, let's say, a backup plan for China for a market where we still believe we have to be present with a second plant for the volume. So that's actually on track. On our existing flavors plant, you know we had – earlier last year, we had the odor issue and we have salted so far on the flavors side, so that's working. We are back with our manufacturing. But having said all that, that has cost us some business over the course of 2015. Coming back to your first question, what we see is a deceleration of order patterns with our global customers and that's something which is certainly impacting the business. It depends certainly customer by customer and region by region, so we really have to go into more of a detail. But still for the smaller regional and local customers, it's – I would say the assessment stage that you have a couple of companies which have passed their growth here, and that's actually good for us because we do significant business with these customers as well. I hope that helps.
Andreas Fibig: Let me start and then hand over to Alison. Faiza, thank you for the question. First of all, we don't believe that we are losing share. In contrary, we believe that we win share. Particularly in some of the major categories, we are actually very, very strong. If we factor in the year-ago comparison, so for the year, and we believe actually that going forward that this trend will continue. In particular regarding China, we see a slowdown in the economy, but maybe Alison might comment on this one as well.
Andreas Fibig: There were a couple of events, which will be not repeated in the current year, like the inventory from the acquisitions, for example.
Andreas Fibig: A very, very good, good question, and we have a lot of, let's say, focus on our fragrance ingredients business here. First of all, let me say that it's around about 9% of our total sales and the majority of our production, so greater than 60%, is used for internal consumption, which is kind of a strategic vertical integration component of the fragrance compounds business. And the base fragrance ingredients business was negative and of course were largely related to the portfolio [indiscernible] by one – actually, our largest fragrance ingredients customers, and that will be not repeated. So, we don't expect another big step-down coming our way.
Andreas Fibig: Okay, Mark. Let me start with the first piece on the market growth. What we certainly see is the deceleration in the flavors market in general followed by 0.5% to 1%. The market on the fragrance side is kind of stable. That's what we see in the environment. And let me comment on the first, let's say, the first quarter of 2016 is we started actually off the month, January, well, growing low single digits, but this is month of January and we remain cautious in the first quarter as we are comparing to our very strong year-ago period where we had the growth of flavors 9% and fragrances of 5%. So we had an okay start, but, as we said before, we have to be very cautious because the volatility is very high at the moment.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah, thank you very much for all the good questions, and I would like to close the call right now and wish you a good day. Thank you.
Alison Cornell: Hi, Mark. In addition to what Andreas said, the other thing that - we are being very aggressive from a cost-cutting perspective. And what you see on the bridge chart that we provided from 2015 to 2016 is one of the items that we need to cover is our bonus reset back to 1X. And so the cost-cutting is not only to cover the Vision 2020, but also to cover our bonus reset, and so we don't anticipate having that same issue as we move into 2017.
Alison Cornell: I'd say from an attribution perspective, the 53rd week we said in the quarter accounts for a 200 basis point deterioration and of that, there's 600 basis points associated with the month of December. And then beyond that in terms of timing of order patterns, that's about I'd say one percentage point, and then I'd say the difference between the portfolio rationalization I'd say – China flavors is maybe 1.2 and then the difference is the portfolio rationalization. So those are the big chunks that we tried to outline.
Alison Cornell: So I'd say it's probably two pieces from China. We see a deceleration of orders and we think that initially had to do with our odor abatement issues that we experienced. But beyond that, our current pipeline is lower from a new brief perspective because we believe our clients are concerned a bit about not having a backup site in China and looked for alternative suppliers in the short term. We believe once we rectify that issue, there will be no issue from a volume perspective. I think beyond that, I wanted to add to Andreas' comment about giving on FX. Because the way that our clients or our competitors measure, they actually take the benefit of pricing in terms of their growth rate and so it's not really an apples-to-apples comparison as reported. So you need to essentially factor the results down by maybe one-third to have an apples-to-apples comparison. If you do that, you will see on a full-year basis we are in fact performing better than our competition. The other distinction I wanted to make was when commenting in terms of China and share and briefs, the comment is in particular to flavors and not fragrance because we are growing in the fragrance space in China.
Alison Cornell: So to answer your question, no, there are no other contingent payments associated with any of that – any of our acquisitions and Aromor is fully paid for.
Alison Cornell: So a couple things, so we had the impact of acquisitions. That was one item related to that. We had an increase in inventories – one associated with acquisitions, but also associated with the building of our Turkey and Indonesia plants where we ramped up over time and we expect to ramp that back down. And then from a receivables perspective, we also had an additional DSO increase associated with the extra week of sales that we had in 2014 versus 2015. So those are, I would say, the big three moving parts.
Alison Cornell: Just to clarify, Q1 will continue to be challenged, and then you will see the lapse, if you will, that you spoke to in your question occur in Q2, and then we should be good from there.
Alison Cornell: And to comment as well, we talked about changing order patterns from a client perspective. I'd say we are experiencing more volatile order patterns, and so our visibility is, I'd say, a bit lower than we've historically experienced.
Alison Cornell: … with the euro. We would see upside of a few million dollars in our forecast, based on an average rate of $1.05 for the year, and so it depends on how long the euro stays at $1.13 and really how it plays out across the year. But just assuming at this point it stays at that, it is a potential upside of a few million dollars. Going to your first question in terms of flavors versus fragrance, I would say fragrance from a pricing perspective is more pressured on the ingredients side, where flavors, I'd say, has more opportunity to increase.
