Frank Clyburn: Thanks, Glenn. Our incredible teams around the world continue to deliver pioneering discoveries and strengthen our customer relationships ensuring that IFF is the innovative engine behind the most critical and beloved consumer products. These efforts are reflected in the solid results across the majority of our businesses despite the current environment, which gives me great confidence in our ability to deliver industry-leading growth and profitability in the years ahead. Our strategic plan is showing very encouraging early results. We are investing in opportunities for growth, innovation and enhanced productivity, and we are taking decisive actions to manage through the volatile market conditions, refocusing functional ingredients with an operational improvement plan to strengthen operations and execution and progressing our deleveraging efforts through ongoing portfolio optimization efforts, including the launch of our cosmetic ingredients process. Amid even this challenging market environment, we are making great progress transforming IFF into the leader in high-value innovative solutions and the partner for our customers. The actions we are taking today and through the remainder of 2023 will create a stronger IFF capable of delivering significant value for shareholders and all of our stakeholders. With that, I will open the call up for questions.
Frank Clyburn: Hi. Yes, this is Frank, and I'll take that one. And good morning, everyone. A couple of things that I want to highlight. First and foremost, if you look at what's taking place through '23. Clearly, we are seeing temporary destocking, as we mentioned, and we have been pulling a number of levers to manage the business. First, you can see really good progress with productivity. As Glenn highlighted, we've been really improving our net working capital and also making sure that we're doing everything to control our cost to manage the '23 year as it unfolds. We are on track. As you recall, we highlighted that we're going to have a cost reduction takeout of about $100 million. That is on track as well. More importantly, though, I am very excited about the opportunity that we have as we come out of temporary destocking. And as we move into '24 and as you could see, as we discussed with our customers, we're very well positioned based on the pipeline increase that we just highlighted, also based on the commercial efforts that we're putting forward. We've improved our customer service significantly, which gives me a lot of confidence as I look at the outlook, to your question over the next several years. So we're managing for the near-term temporary destocking, but we are clearly preparing for a good, strong growth in '24. We still remain committed to our long-term guidance that we put out of 4% to 6% top line sales growth and 8% to 10% EBITDA that we can't communicated during Capital Markets Day.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. So I'll take the question. Thanks, It's really important. We've talked to a number of our customers. With regards to the temporary destocking, and we do believe that it is very prudent for us right now to derisk the plan based on the back half of the year, and we do think we've done that. And in derisking the plan, we also believe that we set the floor. So we're very confident and what you are now seeing is our new guidance going forward. Important to note though, while we are navigating '23, we are also continuing to prepare, as we just discussed, as we move into '24 as we see destocking subside and as we see volumes improve. Glenn, I don't know if you want to
Frank Clyburn: Yes. And I would add, Gunther, and I highlighted this in the prepared remarks. We've been spending a lot of time with our key customers. I can tell you that I've had discussions with many of with those CEOs with those companies and Chief Technology Officers. And what we highlighted is the 15 new R&D launches this year, the strong platforms that we have and as Glenn mentioned, if you look at our business performance in Scent, if you look at Pharma, if you look at Health & Biosciences overall, we're in really good shape, and the businesses are performing well in a challenging environment and backdrop. And even within Nourish, one of the things I wanted to highlight after is that our Flavors business, our system ingredients business as we help customers solve some of their challenges is in good shape as well and benchmarks extremely well versus our peers. And now we have a plan that we will be getting after improving our functional ingredients and that's something that we'll continue to monitor very closely. We have a new team that's been put in place to really improve that business. And as volumes start to normalize, as you head into next year, we feel really good that you'll start to see improvement in that business, which gives us a lot of confidence for '24.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Nicola, this is Frank. I'll take both. On the first question, we are looking at all options. However, as we've communicated, we will not pursue any options that aren't accretive to our shareholders. And we think right now, in particular, within Functional Ingredients, we are focused on the improvement plan that we outlined, and we do see really good early progress starting to emerge within that business. As far as the first part of your question, if we look at Functional Ingredients, underneath that, I'll use the example of protein solutions with Soft, Nicole of this quarter primarily due to destocking and these are isolated soy proteins that go into nutritional bars and beverages. I've had a chance to meet with a couple of the customers and the positive news is we're very well position within those end markets. The destocking has been the impact primarily for isolated soy proteins going into those beverages and bars. So that's an example, Nicole, of what we've seen, and that's been the impact we've seen across Functional Ingredients primarily destocking. There has been some customer softness in some of the meat alternative products that are within Functional Ingredients as well. But hopefully, that helps give us a little bit more color of what we're seeing. And then as we come out of destocking, as I mentioned, we do anticipate things to start to normalize as we get into '24.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Good question, John. And good morning to you. Materiality and ultimately, the measure is do we expect to be selling it below cost. I would say LBK is a very unique case. You cited some others. But as it relates to the volatility over the last 2 years to give you some sense, prices have dropped from €35 per kilo to 8 in less than 12 months. So that was a clear case that we needed to basically recognize the current value of the inventory that's an anomaly. At least in my short history of 2 years, we've never seen anything like that in terms of kind of the sheer level of volatility, such a short period of time. I would also note that the inventories were slightly higher, which actually made it a bigger - slightly bigger write-off simply because we were making sure that we had enough supply for security purposes. Relative to the raws trends, they're continuing to progress downward, but I'll say, at a more modest rate than we saw in the second half of last year and then entering into this year. As you know, many of the factors impacting prices such as energy prices is one big input have decreased, but they've stabilized as well. So we're seeing a little bit more improvement. I would note that the other two big input costs for us are logistics and energy, energy has come down dramatically this year. It's largely pretty stable at this point globally. And then logistics as well has been a very, very big improvement over the year, and that has largely stabilized and actually we see some continued downward progression in terms of prices as well. Thank you.
Frank Clyburn: Yeah, hi. This is Frank. Thanks for the question. We do work very closely with, in particular, our large global key accounts and then also our large regional accounts. And I do think supply chains have improved, so they are willing to adjust some of their inventories. What we are hearing from them is mixed. Some customers are saying that destocking will start to come to an end as we kind of go through the third quarter and into the fourth quarter. Some are saying that it really is depending on end market consumer demand and are thinking more that the destocking persists through the rest of this year and starts to improve as we get into 2024. So what we have done is, as we mentioned, in our approach is to really be prudent in the approach and to derisk our plan. However, we are very much focused on working with them to prepare for once temporary destocking is over to improve, obviously, our performance. And I can tell you that when we look at - as I mentioned, our pipeline win rate and some of the commercial activities we have underway, we feel really good and well positioned. But your question on visibility is one that we are working with them on. But clearly, we are making sure we're doing everything we can prepare for as we head towards the end of this year and into next year. Thanks for the question.
Frank Clyburn: Yes, I'll start and then, Glenn, I'll let you add. If you look at Functional Ingredients, what's underneath that is protein solutions, which is about a third or it's approximately - in functional ingredients. We have multipliers and sweeteners. We have core tax trends, cellulosis and food protection and systems are kind of within functional ingredients. We feel good with regards to our specialty protein. So we think there's good differentiation there. And that represents about half of protein solutions, and there are some more value proteins in there that I would say are a little bit more in a competitive landscape. Emulsifiers I would say, are probably in the category of much more competitive to answer your question, and it's something that we're looking at in particular, some of the emulsifiers that are within that category within that business and also some of the core text rents, we feel as though are some are differentiated, but there are some core texturants that are probably more challenged competitively. So we're staring at our portfolio. We feel good overall. We're going to put where we have core differentiation, our efforts to behind that core, and that's a part of the functional ingredients plan. In areas here are some of the ingredients that are more commoditized or where we don't bring a differentiated benefit. That's where we're going to look to really optimize or possibly even discontinue in those ingredients. So we have a well thought out plan as we move forward and feel good about the new team that we have in place.
Frank Clyburn: Yes, Mike, thanks for the question. I think that if you look at the transaction, we still feel very confident about the value creation opportunities for IFF going forward. We are, as we highlighted and is primarily due to destocking, and we have a clear plan to address some of the challenges in Functional Ingredients. If you look at our Health & Biosciences business, tremendous capabilities. The business is performing well. Pharma is also performing extremely well. So we still feel very good about the future value creation opportunity, as we move forward.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. I think you had a question about visibility into the business, and we do have a window where we are looking at a couple of weeks, obviously, we can look at our orders, and we obviously do a lot of work with regards to engaging with our customers. So - and we moved pretty quickly. I said we move very quickly, I should say, with regards to how we adjust our business. And the example is, I think you're seeing us very rapidly focus on productivity, focus on cash flow. We've moved very rapidly with regards to improvement in net working capital. We signaled early on that we were seeing some softness in destocking and end market demand and ingredients, and we quickly put in place 50 commercial resources to address that. So we're moving very rapidly to address any challenges that we have. And then to your last question, Naresh [ph] President is on board, fully aligned and helped to develop the plan you're seeing around Functional Ingredients as well as helping us to focus on driving Flavors and Systems as we move forward.
Frank Clyburn: Yes, Lauren, I would say that when I look at Functional Ingredients, I'll give you an example, where we bring significant differentiating value is within our systems business where we're bringing in combining multiple ingredients. And for example, emulsifiers are used in over 50% of our systems applications and what we're bringing for customers. So we still believe that there is integrated solution opportunities as we work across all of Nourish. What we're highlighting is due to destocking, we need a very quick rapid improvement plan based on the need to improve the financial profile of Functional Ingredients. But we still do see that the integration with in particular, with regards to emulsifiers as well as some of our protein solutions is still bringing a lot of benefit and advantages to customers.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. So the answer to the first question is $180 million is related to bringing inventory out of the system. So as I mentioned, there's $500 million of volume related on we have a little bit of raw materials price escalation. So the balance sheet will show a net $400 million and change improvement that way, that's significantly above what we were planning at the beginning of the year, we're sort of making more progress. So the cost of doing that is basically the negative absorption on the P&L from a standpoint for this year. But obviously, it's sort of one and done. And at least for the interim period, honestly, we haven't thought about 5 to 7 years is getting to market and generally, these categories were sort of low single-digit growth is the right target to be in part because we want to be reasonable in part. We also want to optimize the return on these assets because they typically have a lower ROIC more capital intensive. So it's not growth, the sale growth, that's really sort of optimizing the returns. But thanks for the question.
Frank Clyburn: You don't need to rebuild them. You just need to may be flat. So as a reference point, our total production will be down around 15% this year. As we mentioned, we expect sales volumes to be down 6. So there's - that 9% incremental is basically to eat through that $0.5 billion of inventory still getting there. So assuming you - that's one and done, then you get the pickup of the 180 next year because obviously, production is at zero at that point going forward. So as you - if you rebuild inventories over time as you grow the business, that actually creates a positive absorption going forward.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. The answer is - to the second question, we're very committed to maintaining investment grade. As you're well aware, the rating agencies are patient relative to your long-term strategy and goals. We've obviously have been in close discussions with them. They know our plans in terms of what we're doing. Again, I would submit to you that the reality is on adjusted cash flow basis we're at 900 this year with some onetime items that mainly gets you north of that, probably not the best place to be relative to an $800 million dividend, and we get that, but normal growth trajectory gets you into a much better place from that. On the deleverage, i.e., the activities and the target, we are still committed to heading three times by the end of next year. We have been at work for quite a few months on M&A. And that's - we've been mentioning portfolio revisit since the end of last year. So there are a number of activities underway from that standpoint. And so we do feel that we have enough, if you will, irons in the fire beyond Lucas Meyer to basically accomplish our goals.
Frank Clyburn: Great. Thank you, Glenn. And as we come to a close today, a couple of key points I would like to just reiterate. And first, I want to make sure that we reemphasize that the majority of our business is doing well and is very resilient as we manage through temporary destocking. Second, we are taking action very rapidly to improve our business trajectory and our capital structure. We've implemented a functional ingredients operational improvement plan, and we look forward to sharing more with you of the progress. We're driving divestitures, as you've heard, such as the announced sale of LMC as well as additional opportunities that we're looking at to delever, and we're executing on our strategic priorities with strong improvements in commercial and operational excellence, as you heard today. We do remain confident in our value creation potential, given the relative strength of our pipeline and we highlighted just within the first half of this year, over a 50% increase versus prior year and is the transitory nature of destocking ends, that's going to really position us well as we head into 2024, as the environment normalizes.
Frank Clyburn: And then lastly, I wanted to really reiterate, IFF is a great business. We're in a great industry, and we have significant opportunities to create value for our stakeholders and we want to thank each and everyone of you for joining our call today.
Glenn Richter: Yes. Adam, thanks very much, good morning. And great questions to start off here. Let me start off by reassuring everybody, I am quite confident that we will not trip our covenants and the reason I am is because there are multiple levers that we can pull, and I'll get to your question about cash flow, but we've made very strong progress on working capital and other improvements in cash flow this year. In addition, we are well downstream on divestitures from a portfolio standpoint as well. And I would also remind you that there's a credit-adjusted definition of EBITDA, which is different than the adjusted EBITDA number. So obviously, there are a number of add-backs relative to that calculation. So point one, very confident we will not have an issue with our covenant. Point number two is currently a change in our dividend is not on the table. And then point number three, relative to our cash flow forecast for this year on a free cash flow basis reported we're expecting to be about $100 million lower than our original guide. As a reminder, we had a $600 million free cash flow for this year. We're forecasting $475 million. As a reminder, within that $475 million, there are 450 million Reg G charges. So on an adjusted basis, we expect to be over $900 million. That compares to the $1 billion we started off, that $450 million, by the way, includes $250 million of transaction related. So it's taxes, it's M&A, separation fees for the microbial control FSI and say solutions of the residual, $75 million is related to the final integration activities with DuPont this year, and there's another $100 million plus that are largely related to the restructure that we performed this year. So - so again, on an adjusted basis, we expect our free cash flow to be around $900 million versus the original $1 billion. Thank you.
Glenn Richter: Yes. And if I could just tag on to the end of that regarding your comment regarding the unsustainability of the dividend, I just will piggyback on my response to Adam's question, again, on an adjusted basis, $900 million of free cash flow and in addition, as we've called out, there's over $200 million of onetime items between LBK write-off and then the negative absorption. So we are confident as we exit this year, we're going to be in a much, much better trajectory, particularly as the environment improves. So I'm not sure the assertion on sustainability is correct.
Glenn Richter: I would add. It's a very, very legitimate question, Mark, is a, we feel we're being very prudent relative to the range in terms of what the guide is here. Secondarily, we have July in our belt at this point, and it's negative 4% volume August is trending a little bit lower than that, but very, very consistent with what we think the quarter is unfolding. So a combination of bringing down to a 2-year consistent with the first half, a couple more months largely closed gives us a pretty good sense that we're going to be in a good place. And obviously, we wanted to make sure we were prudent relative to the construction of this outlook. Your question on M&A is a good one, and there's no simple answer. Some businesses are more integrated than others. It is clearly a consideration relative to our portfolio strategy. The good news is we have acquired substantial experience over the last 3 years now through a combination of the sale of the microbial control business, Savory Solution and Atlas as well as other ones we're working on. So we've got a pretty good track record in sort of being able to navigate through that. But it is an important consideration as we think about which parts of the portfolio we trim.
Glenn Richter: Sure. Maybe I'll begin Gunther and Frank can add on. As we think about '24, one is, as we mentioned, we do believe that the environment will be improving. So we think we're now going to be entering an environment where destocking will be complete consumer pullback will be largely stabilized at a point. So that's point one. Point two, as we mentioned, there are a number of items to normalize from this year. So the $180 million associated with absorption which we have consciously tackled, by the way, that has delivered a $500 million reduction in inventory full year from a standpoint. So it's a very, very significant achievement we're accomplishing. It's also the LDK write-off, obviously, 44. So there are onetime items - from a volume standpoint, as Frank had mentioned, we feel that 75% of our business, i.e., everything except Functional Ingredients is performing well in line with our competitive peers. So we'd expect them to continue to trend well in an improving market. And the other 25%, we have been underway for a number of months on remediation and expect that business to pick up next year. And lastly, I would say that the other areas that we can control, i.e., productivity, working capital and cash flow efficiency and portfolio are well on track. So we feel like - those should continue as we move into '24. But obviously, as we close the year, we'll have a more detailed update on next year.
Glenn Richter: Sure. Good morning, Josh. So let me actually - let me just do first half to second half because honestly, the first quarter is very similar to the second quarter. So the first half on a reported basis was $1.2 0 billion [ph] of EBITDA adjusted EBITDA. And then the midpoint of the guide is 9.05 for the second half. As you pointed out, you need to adjust the first half for a combination of the absorption, $150 million LBK write-off, adding another 44, you've got to reduce for divestitures, which come out of the second half, you should take out 30 and then you have foreign exchange differential of $20 million to $30 million, so that gets you roughly to $1.150 billion. And then obviously, for the second half, you have some absorption of 30. So that gets you to 9.35. So it's a 1.150 first half normalized versus a 935 million. So it's roughly $200 million delta between them. So can break it down into basically two components. About $50 million is related to lower GP from seasonal volumes, particularly the fourth quarter, it's our lowest quarter. So on an apples-to-apples basis, there's $100-plus million of differential. The other is a little bit productivity timing, but it's largely a net price realization versus cost higher in the first half than the second half. And as you noted or as we've noted, we have a 7% pricing in the first half. It's circa 3% in the second half. So while we continue to see some progress on reduction of input costs, there was a better achievement in the first half versus the second half. So hopefully, that's helpful.
Glenn Richter: Yes. I would just add two other comments is these are somewhat more commoditized than the rest of our portfolio. But to bring up Frank's point, our portfolio is very much focused on high value add. So you think about our cellulosics business, you think about Xylitol, you sort of think about our soy isolates, really as it relates to specialty proteins, et cetera, alginate, et cetera. We really are focusing a part of our strategy of maximizing the value-add opportunities in our portfolio and have been super turbocharging our customer pipeline activity to focus on those categories.
