Glenn Richter: Thank you, Frank, and good morning and good afternoon to everyone. Accelerating our productivity and expense synergy efforts represents one of our top priorities, and is increasingly important in a more challenging economic environment in order to maximize financial performance. To this end, we want to provide additional transparency to our multi-year productivity program and the expected results.  First of all, let me describe the scope of our efforts. Overall, we have established 4 productivity efforts that cover approximately 85% of IFF's total cost structure, focused primarily on operations and overhead expenses. The 4 teams include supply chain, which includes our procurement and global logistics operations. Opportunities include driving additional efficiencies in direct and indirect material spending through enhanced procurement strategies and demand management, particularly for indirect spend and reduced logistics costs driven by improved global S&OP processes.  The second team is focused on end-to-end manufacturing operations and includes a broad-based set of initiatives, including accelerating our digital manufacturing efforts, driving yield improvements, system-wide best practices and energy savings programs.  The third initiative is our economic profit team that is focused on leveraging improved technology and disciplined processes to optimize product mix, rationalize SKUs and enhance make versus buy decisions.  And our fourth team is focused on building out our global shared service platform in with technology, to drive increased centralization and process standardization to drive efficiencies across our administrative and business support functions.  In total, the combined programs are targeting a preliminary net annualized P&L impact of $250 million to $300 million that we expect to be achieved between 2023 and 2025.  Two important notes. First, this $250 million to $300 million annual impact is net of reinvestments that are targeted to strengthen our innovation pipeline, expand our commercial efforts across key products, customers and regions, deepen our technology and digital capabilities and strengthen our talent. Secondly, the net savings will be slightly more skewed to 2024 and 2025. We look forward to sharing more details with you at our Investor Day in December.  With that, I'll turn it back to Frank.
Glenn Richter: Heidi, this is Glenn. Thanks for the questions. Relative to sort of volume comparatives, I would sort of maybe answer it 3 ways. One is, as you're well aware, the comparatives are difficult given the apples to oranges sometimes comparisons of the business. But I would say that if you really kind of strip our business down and look at sort of the first half results, most of our core businesses actually are doing quite well. So Flavors, Scents are both mid-single digit in terms of volume growth. Core business units within H&B, Health is up high single digit. Cultures, Food Enzymes, Animal Nutrition, mid-single digits. Pharma is up low single digits.  So the difference is, as we've discussed throughout the year, we're being very thoughtful regarding a balance between volume and profitability. So we've been very strategic and thoughtful relative to margin enhancement actions and focusing on those businesses that have both capacity constraints and/or are lower-margin businesses, so that's the difference. We're very specifically trying to focus on making sure we deliver good outcomes for our shareholders as well as our customers from performance.  And then lastly, I would note that this is very consistent with what we signaled. We've said very early in the year, we were planning basically the balance of the year to be relatively flattish to 1 point, and this is very consistent with the strategy and how we're implementing it.  Relative to kind of guidance, the reality is the pace in which sort of inflationary pressures flow through raw materials into our cost of goods, it does vary by business. So there's a little bit of a lag here in terms of how that's hitting quarter-to-quarter. That explains some of the overperformance in the quarter, third quarter relative to kind of the full year outlook. And consequently, because of that lag and just generally a perspective on cautionary outlook given the macro environment, we're being sort of realistic in terms of how we guide, and consequently, we're sticking to the same guidance.  So hopefully, that's helpful.
Glenn Richter: Sure. Yes. Definitely Gunther. Relative to 2022, it's still choppy, but in general, no change to our outlook relative to the impact of inflation. Generally, energy has been slightly better. Logistics has been slightly better. Raw materials have been slightly worse in pockets. But generally, things are sort of stable.  I would also note that just the nature of the time it takes raw materials to go through inventory and show up in the P&L, any additional impact for the balance of the year is likely to be muted to 0 and really hit 2023.  We are taking a very deep look at '23. We've run through a preliminary scenario, we're doing an update in the coming weeks here as we plan for 2023. And our perspective at this point is we do anticipate another, I'll say, meaningful round of cost increase from inflation. That's going to be concentrated in our view more on raw materials. So there's a number of areas including soy, oils, obviously, certain commodity groups such as agricultural grains and those sort of things, we're seeing pretty significant inflation. Energy is choppy, but likely to also be some increase modestly in energy prices and logistics as well. We're likely to see some sort of modest increase as well. So kind of overall, we are expecting probably '23 not to the same degree as '22, but we are expecting additional inflationary pressures for next year.
Glenn Richter: Yes. So good question, Mike. The sole impact is -- well, there's seasonality, as you know. So typically, in the first half of the year, first quarter, there's a build on working capital, namely inventories. Secondarily, there's the year-end of compensation that basically gets paid out, et cetera. We are running actually worse on cash flow than anticipated to the tune of about $200 million. That is 100% attributable to higher inventory levels that is principally related to basically higher costs.  So as you may recall, when we entered the year, we had our kind of Wave 1 inflation subsequent very early in the year. We identified another significant round of inflation coming through. That is rolling into inventory. So as a byproduct of that, we had guided to the full year that we'd be relatively flat to prior year from a free cash flow standpoint of about $1 billion-ish. We're sort of targeting to be probably about $200 million less than that at this point in time.  That being said, we are implementing a series of very important initiatives largely against the legacy N&B businesses. In terms of putting in new S&OP processes and enhancements, we're hopeful that those will drive some efficiencies, i.e., be able to bring some inventory levels. But I'd say best guess at this point is probably 800-ish versus the original $1 billion.
Glenn Richter: Adam, thanks for the question. I'd say a couple of answers. One is just relative to this year, I'll say we're slightly ahead, i.e. price versus cost, back to the how things roll through inventory slightly behind the second half of the year. That's part of the reason for the -- how one thinks about the balance of the year implied guidance versus kind of the first half of the year. So that's a piece of it.  We -- normally, 18 months would be the full lag from inflation to capture. You can see that it's sort of manifesting itself differently by business. Scent is the one that's the furthest behind from a timing, given the nature of the relatively large customers and generally are indices tag to the contracts from the standpoint. And we would fully expect that to continue to be the case.  The only question mark here is how one thinks about '23. So as I just mentioned, my prior answer to Mike is that we probably are going to see another round of inflation come through. So from that standpoint, it may be 18 months from the first round, but we may have a continued set of rounds of inflation we need to catch up, which would suggest probably late '23 or even '24, if that's the case.  But to your last part of your question, obviously, we've all been in a very unprecedented environment relative to pricing, and that's required us to sort of rethink traditional contracts. And the way we've been rethinking them is, to some extent, just having realistic discussions with our customers on these -- level of inflation and having to share the burden. And then in addition, just rethinking contracts in terms of the frequency, so as opposed to annual, semi-annual or other type of sort of more open agreements relative to changes in the marketplace. So that's been a bigger factor of relative to the contracts we put in place, and I suspect it will prevail in the future as well as we think about '23.
Glenn Richter: Yes. Good question, John. So relative to our outlook for divestitures, we still think the $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion gross proceeds, 3 to 4 transactions completed by the end of next year is in the right ballpark. The market, as you're well aware, has slowed down, so the level of M&A activity is substantially less with the ball in the credit markets that has made it more difficult, particularly for private equity investors.  However, the size of our transactions, you can just do the simple math, aren't that large. They tend to be sort of nice strategic fits for other businesses. So from an initial dialogue standpoint, the interest level seems very good. So we think that things may be a little slower from a process standpoint, but we're still fairly confident that we will hit our target.  Relative to sort of broader global supplies or how one thinks about inventory over the longer cycle, about half of our growth, of our dollar growth of inventories is related to inflation this year, and about half is related to higher inventory levels. Those higher inventory levels, if you recall, would basically improve our customer service levels because we had low inventories, again, the legacy N&B businesses. I will say, though, I'm increasingly confident that through the implementation of improved S&OP processes across a number of our businesses, that will allow us actually to reduce some of those higher inventories.  The third thing you mentioned is really the global supply chain. Clearly, we, like everybody, have an extended supply chain, i.e., there's more products sitting on the water for longer times. There's more inventory buffer stock in our system, et cetera, that basically accommodate for the volatility of the market. We're actually thinking about what that means longer term in terms of working capital. And I suspect by the end of this year, we'll be able to sort of come back and provide some visibility on that. But I do think at the end of the day, that will be a meaningful improvement opportunity not just for ourselves, but for everyone as the supply chain gets back to order.
Glenn Richter: Yes. And if I could maybe just add to that relative to the leverage question, Ghansham, is that as Frank indicated, as you're well aware, this business is highly resilient through cycles. So you may be down a couple percent, you may have some temporary transition quarter or 2 as customers sort of destock inventories, but in general, you don't see massive swings in terms of volume.  Secondarily, very importantly, we do believe that sort of the pricing resiliency and being able to continue to sustain passing inflation through, which is helpful.  Third, productivity, as we've mentioned, is sort of a major driver here to sort of offset some of the potential demand drop in the marketplace. And then in general, a slowdown probably helps other elements of working capital, such as inventory is more stable as well, and maybe even slower CapEx investments. So not only from a P&L standpoint, but from a cash flow, very resilient to sort of managing the cycle, particularly with the success in pricing and the focus on productivity.
Glenn Richter: Yes, good question, Josh. It really is related to the sort of the matching of the build in inventories relative to the flow-throughs of sales. And as mentioned, we've sort of built inventories. And at this point, we think we're going to be fairly -- i.e., the raw materials have come through. Raw materials are generally sort of static from a cost standpoint. So we do expect them to sort of run through the next quarter or so, and we wouldn't expect to have this, I'll say, artificial pickup from a timing standpoint.
Glenn Richter: The reality is that -- 2 things. One, there were some one-time expenses in the second quarter relative to Scents. Secondarily, as we mentioned, that there's been 2 rounds of inflation. So as we talked, it's a little more of a lag in that business from a standpoint. So if you think about the 2 rounds of impact that's basically coming through and there's a bit of delay.  And relative to taxes, there's lots of -- every year, Jeffrey, there's lots of ebbs and flows, depending on what's happening across various parts of the globe in terms of our tax positions and settlements. So everything is actually trending fine versus sort of our expectations at this point in time. There's nothing sort of abnormal from a year-over-year standpoint. But I do appreciate the question.
Franklin Clyburn: Thank you, Glenn. As I said, we will provide more specifics on this program at our Investor Day in December, but wanted to share an early indication with you as we committed to provide more details on this topic during our Q1 earnings call. More importantly, at our Investor Day, we will also provide you with a clear and more detailed road map for growth, including our incremental revenue opportunities from our combination with N&B. We remain confident that we have significant opportunities ahead, confirmed by our initial commercial wins and positive customer feedback as well as our competitors following our lead.  I know that realization of these benefits have been slower than expected due to external factors, including COVID, supply chain disruption, customer bandwidth, pricing initiatives and constrained capacity. However, since joining, I have launched a focused initiative to reinforce our emphasis and address existing gaps.  Specifically, we are developing a set of prioritized opportunities, each with clear financial impact, owner and time line to provide confidence in our ability to deliver. This will be a significant focus for me going forward as I'm committed to delivering the value proposition of our combined portfolio and will be personally involved, dedicating significant time and engagement with the business to drive performance.  I am pleased to say that we continue to see steady wins across our portfolio. Recently, we co-collaborated with a leading alternative protein producer to improve commercial and technical collaboration, essentially upstreaming the incorporation of Heritage IFF flavors into Heritage N&B Protein-Based, exceeding our customers' expectation for plant-based burgers. This resulted in IFF being awarded as a core supplier, one of three, increasing our market share and enjoying a long-term relationship. In addition, we are seeing the value of integrated solutions between our Nourish and H&B divisions.  The Dairy category is showing very good collaboration opportunities, thanks in large part to early technical support and a better, together approach with customers. In this win, we were a step ahead of the competition due to early engagement with a dairy customer during culture development phase and showing the best flavor collaboration.  These are just 2 examples, but strong proof points that we are moving in the right direction and delivering a better value proposition to our customers.  Now turning to Slide 10, I'd like to provide an overview of our performance for the first half of the year. Our strong first half results are once again a testament to the strength of our portfolio and the dedication of our talented global teams who have continued to go above and beyond in a complex market. Despite the macroeconomic challenges of the last 6 months, sales grew by a strong 18% or 12% on a currency-neutral basis to $6.5 billion. Comparable currency neutral adjusted operating EBITDA grew 8% to $1.4 billion.  I am proud to report that we increased our quarterly dividend by approximately 3%, the 13th consecutive year of increased payouts to our shareholders, which underscores our belief in our business and IFF's strong future cash flow generation. We also continue to work on deleveraging objectives, where we remain committed to our deleverage target of reducing net debt to EBITDA to less than 3x 36 months post the transaction, which is February 1, 2024. At the same time, we prudently and proactively amended the covenants on our existing credit agreements given the market volatility and uncertainty. Glenn will discuss in more detail.  As I mentioned a bit earlier, we also completed the divestiture of our Microbial Control business on July 1 and continuing to evaluate additional divestiture opportunities for our non-core assets as we move ahead based on our category management approach I described earlier.  Now, I would like to turn the call back over to Glenn to provide a closer look into our second quarter financials.
Franklin Clyburn: Thanks, Glenn. Before I wrap up today's call, I want to say I am proud of the efforts of our global teams as we continue to execute amid challenging market conditions. We've achieved strong performance in the first half of 2022 and increased our dividend for the 13th consecutive year. I am confident in our ability to achieve our full year financial targets as we continue executing against our operational priorities and control what we can control.  At the same time, we are committed to advancing our strategic transformation efforts, deploying innovation, refining our portfolio and strengthening our culture to deliver strong value creation for all of our stakeholders.  Moving through the second half of the year, we will be intensely and urgently focused on protecting and growing our business, identifying new strategic value creation opportunities, and communicating our refreshed operating model across the business and the market to position IFF for long-term success. I look forward to sharing more at our upcoming Capital Markets Day in early December.  I'd now like to open the call for any questions. Thank you.
Franklin Clyburn: Mark, this is Frank. A couple of comments. I'll start with first, the productivity program that we've announced, we see that as really important not only near-term, Mark, but really building a continuing productivity mindset. We want that build into the company.  We also want to be able to use that to be able to invest in our growth opportunities. What we're trying to achieve, Mark, is really sustainable, profitable growth, and to start to really get leverage throughout the P&L. We think that's going to be really important for us from a profile perspective. This is why we've also done the ROIC work, Mark, on our portfolio, and we'll be able to share with you in December some of the specific targets from a financial perspective.
Franklin Clyburn: David, it's Frank. Thanks for the question. A couple of thoughts. From the demand weakness perspective, the geography that we are seeing is probably no surprises. Really China, we had the lockdowns, and we did see an impact clearly in the second quarter. And just to recall, David, China is our second largest market, so that's been somewhat of a challenge for us.  And then if you think about our portfolio, on the positive side, as Glenn mentioned, we did see good growth in Health, Cultures & Food Enzymes, Flavors, Fine and Consumer Fragrance as well, so that's the positive. If you think about the resiliency of our portfolio, we feel overall cautiously optimistic. One would anticipate as pressures continue to , Fine Fragrances may be somewhat of a challenge.  As we think about the additional levers, and this is what we're really staring into. But if you listen to some of our prepared remarks, clearly, productivity is going to be continuously important for us, and that's something that we are spending a lot of time on as a team and thinking about levers there. Glenn has already spoken about our pricing and our working with customers to really do everything we can to recoup the inflation that we're seeing.  And then the other lever we have is really staying close to our customers, our global key account teams, our customer insight teams, really trying to be as quick and agile as possible. Working with our customers to make sure we have good connection with them to understand kind of what we're seeing in the marketplace. So those are all levers that we are focused on, but it's also why we feel good on our recommitment of our guidance. Both the top line at 9% to 12% growth range, and then also our EBITDA range of 48%. So that's why we feel comfortable and confident in reconfirming our guidance today.
Franklin Clyburn: Yes. So on the resiliency, as I mentioned, we feel overall cautiously optimistic on the portfolio. Clearly, there's a lot of moving pieces right now. But if you think about Food and Beverage, you think about Health, you think about what we are seeing resiliency from our Pharma business, so we feel overall that the portfolio going into possibly some challenging times is really well positioned overall. And I've kind of highlighted that Fine Fragrances may be an area that we start to see some pullback from a demand perspective.  As far as the innovation question in our portfolio, there are some customers that are going to really focus on our core offerings, that they're going to maybe not think about new offerings at this point in time. However, we still are seeing very strong signals of customers wanting to innovate, co-develop and work with us, and we're really excited about our pipeline and portfolio. And my belief is that's still going to be critically important for the future. It's something that we'll spend time in December really sharing with you why we're excited about our pipeline portfolio, but that's going to be really key for us.  So yes, you'll see some customers focus in the near term maybe on core offerings. However, as we look out, we're still seeing signals from customers that are working with us on innovation. It's going to be really important to the future.
Franklin Clyburn: Yes, Chris, just -- I mean, we'll spend some time in December around the portfolio, in particular. This is why we have really looked at our business through the ROIC lens that we've spoken about. And you can see the 3 categories that we highlighted, Invest to Grow and then also maintaining our business, and then some that we actually have to really improve or exit.  We're excited that we have significant opportunities within the Invest to Grow area. And I've highlighted Flavors, we've highlighted Health, our Food & Culture Enzyme businesses. So there is, we think, significant profitable opportunities for very good growth, big categories. The categories are growing, very strong end markets. So we're excited about that, Chris. And then also, we will continue to take a very disciplined approach overall to areas where we do not think we are the best owners. And Glenn highlighted our divestiture strategy, we'll continue to do that as well. So all in all, we feel good about the portfolio. And like I said, we'll impact a lot more of that when we get to December.
Franklin Clyburn: So I would like to just thank everyone for joining the call, and also thank all of our IFF colleagues once again around the world. We feel very proud of our first half business performance and results, and we know that the teams around the world continue to work with our customers to bring innovation and to help our customers to be successful in the marketplace.  And we look forward to seeing at our third quarter call as well as, once again, our Capital Markets Day on December 7, and hope everyone has a good rest of the morning. Thank you.
