Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Rich. In summary, we are very pleased with the strong financial performance we achieved in the third quarter. We continue to be focused on the execution of our long-term strategy, accelerating growth, increasing differentiation, and driving cost efficiencies to drive sustainable, profitable growth in the future and maximize value creation for our shareholders. And, as Rich just stated, we are on track to deliver our previously-stated 2017 financial goals on a currency neutral base. With that, I would now like to open up the call to questions.
Andreas Fibig: Okay, Mark, let me take it. So if we look into the fourth quarter, we had a strong start into the fourth quarter up to the end of October. So that's a good thing. What we see is that our performance, and particular in Fragrance, is just pretty, pretty strong. And it's continuing and has a very, very good momentum. On 2018, I prefer not to comment right now. You know, we do this usually in February because, first of all, we have to close our fourth quarter, but the start was pretty good. Rich, any...
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. On the local and regional customers, that's certainly a source of growth for us and a growth engine within the company, not just in emerging markets, but in particular in North America in the Flavors division with the setup of Tastepoint we have installed. We believe that this business model truly can help us to grow the business substantially. And it's shown in the numbers so far.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. Well, what we see is, in particular in Western Europe but also in North America, good performance on both sides of the business. It's certainly driven by good win performance, in particular with the bigger ones. But as I said and reflected, the customer mix plays a super important role here. And with our setup, in particular in North America, that positions us very well for good growth rates and further growth to come.
Andreas Fibig: Hi. Let me try to answer that in a way. It's actually a creative process to build our solutions. And it tries actually to look what the customers and consumers really need from the consumer insight perspective, figure out what are the most important trends, and then come up with solutions which bring as many of our technologies together as we can to make sure that we are well-positioned vis-à-vis our competition certainly, but also to satisfy the customer needs and that we basically focus our investments in R&D and applied R&D on the right areas like, an example, like naturals protein delivery systems. Talking about the margins, usually the margin should be very good because we combine a lot of technologies together to come up with these solutions.
Andreas Fibig: Mike, let me take it. First of all, what we see is that this part of the market has a nice growth also compared to the core F&F markets. So that's number one. Number two, in the segment where we play with Lucas Meyer, we are in the upper premium segment, which is usually more dynamic than the other segments of the market. And now, it's going into the natural actives as well where we are in particular strong because, remember, with Lucas Meyer, we have access to SouthernCross Botanicals in Australia. We have access certainly to our own naturals palette and naturals ingredients here as well. So it's going actually very, very well and we had a good start into the fourth quarter as well. So we foresee good growth for this business going forward. And as you were asking, we always evaluate other opportunities, whether we can strengthen this business in an inorganic way as well.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. Actually, the expansion goes in different directions. The first one is that we are evolving out our encapsulation technology, which is now more multi-cap systems which help us in the classic fabric care area. But we are moving technology into other categories like hair care, for example, as well, and that's ongoing and in full, full swing.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. I would say we do. And in particular, it was really cutting-edge innovation if you talk about delivery systems or some specifics. So, that's what we see and that's actually very good and we try to drive this trend as well with our customers.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. So, Adam, what we see is actually on the Fine Fragrance side a tremendous development in Europe. It's going very well, in particular, for many of the other premium brands. So we see good demand and we certainly have a good win rate here as well. So for us, we see that this hopefully will be sustainable for the months to come.
Andreas Fibig: We're absolutely on plan and we are a little ahead of plan with the performance of our acquisitions compared to our business cases. So we're very happy with all the five acquisitions we have done in the last two and two and a half years. (50:28) We are pretty much on plan.
Andreas Fibig: So, it will come online probably end of next year, and it will be in addition to the existing Flavors plant we are having there because for two years, in 2015, (55:03) we had an issue with our Flavors plant, and it is probably prudent to have a second opportunity here for us on the Flavors side as well. So it will be an additional plant for...
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. And it's pretty well-distributed across on the active cosmetic side. Region-wise, we are certainly stronger in Europe and North America, in terms of the size of the business. We still have a ways to go in Asia and in Latin America. Well, that's good. That gives us growth opportunities going forward.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah, thank you very much for your participation and have a good day and/or a good night. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. A couple of things from my perspective, Mark, I mean, I think we did expect to see improvements in the second half of the year versus the first half of the year. I think we've got good strong win performance in both businesses, particularly Fine Fragrance. In that category, you heard in our commentary regarding the third quarter, there's a strong volume component in terms of on existing business. Some of that, we believe, is event-driven and potentially timing. So the impact between Q2, Q3, Q4 is still a little bit volatile, but I think we feel, again, as Andreas said, looking at the start to the quarter, we definitely feel like it's the trend. I don't think it's going to be at the same level as Q3, but certainly an improvement versus what we saw in the first half of the year.
Richard A. O’Leary: Sure. I mean, I think from the first standpoint, I mean, let me take mix as a starting point. As I said in the comments, I think mix is driven by our customers. And what they order is what we're going to deliver. And I think we saw, as I said: really strong growth, strong double-digit growth in Savory, particularly snacks, in the Flavors business, that has below average margins from an overall standpoint; Fragrance Ingredients, similar story, good growth, high single digits, below average margins; and Fabric Care, good growth. So I think that's clearly the drivers of mix. I think that we're going to still see mix headwinds in Q4. The second component of that, price to input costs, really, I would say, two different dynamics going on there. On the flavor side, as I said in my commentary, overall price to input cost was flat to slightly favorable. And we've been able to recover and pass through the increases that we're seeing in the naturals, that we've talked about previously, like citrus and vanilla. On the Fragrance side, we've got Fragrance Ingredients. We've talked about the strategic pricing changes we made late last year to rebalance and drive growth in that business by making modest changes in there. The impact related to that has been fairly stable. Where we're seeing the greatest amount of pressure is on the compound side. We've got large customers that have significant improvement objectives of their own. We have to work with them and balance their short-term objectives, but do it in a way that provides us long-term growth opportunities. We're not going to jeopardize the entire business. On top of that, we're starting to see an acceleration of input costs in the second half of this year. Input costs were up slightly in Q2 year-over-year for the Fragrance business. That accelerated in Q3. And that's why we talked about the need to drive and realize price realization going forward for the Fragrance business.
Richard A. O’Leary: I would say mix on gross margin was probably 60 basis points, more or less, and about 80 basis points for price and input costs.
Richard A. O’Leary: Sure, Katie. I mean, I think it's still quite volatile. I think that, as I talked about, I mean, I think that we've seen on the last call and then we talked about in today's call that I think we've seen improvements in Latin America on the Fragrance side, improvements in Brazil. One of our largest customers, a local regional customer, has had a strong turnaround in their business in Brazil and Latin America in the third quarter. We feel good about that. But I would not say that we're sort of out of the woods. We saw strength in, I think, Middle East, Africa, Eastern Europe, certainly for Flavors; continues to be a positive and a bright spot. I think that on the Fragrance side, Indonesia and India had strong growth in the quarter. There's still uncertainty and challenges in Indonesia and China for the Flavors business. So I would say it's better. I'm not sure I'm ready to say it's an inflection point, but, again, there's a big piece of what we saw in both businesses in Q3 versus Q2, in particular, was the volume component on existing business was much better in Q3 versus Q2.
Richard A. O’Leary: I think the other thing for me as I mentioned a couple times is the volume component is definitely stronger this quarter than five-year long-term trends. So I think some of this may be event-driven, whether it's timing between Q2 into Q3 as our customers adjust their order patterns, as they look at what's going on in their market. So I think it's a combination of factors. I mean, we feel good about the win performance. The volume component is hard to predict from quarter-to-quarter.
Richard A. O’Leary: In pricing itself, if you segregate it from the input cost piece, it was slightly favorable. I mean, it's less than 1 percentage point. On a combined basis, as I said, I think we are seeing what we believe the start of input cost increases on the Fragrance side and we're going to definitely have to work with the customers and get price increases to compensate for the input cost trend going forward.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah, look, I think that if you look at Q3 itself, I mean, the growth was pretty well balanced between local and regional and global customers. I think the drivers of that might be slightly different, as I talked about. I mean, I think the local (37:38) continue to execute well and gain share. On the global side, I think there is some element, again, of volume. The volume swings from quarter-to-quarter, so in recovery in volumes on base business.
Richard A. O’Leary: Let's see. I mean, it was fairly broad-based. I think it was largest in North America for Fragrances, a little bit in Latin America and in Western Europe.
Richard A. O’Leary: No, look, I mean, again, if we stay at where we are today, we're going to have a favorable impact from a currency standpoint in the first half of next year and probably more I'd say flat, mute-ish in the second half of this year.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yes. So a couple of things. Let me start with the organic business on the volume impacts, so then you've got the mix impact going as an offset to that. You've got pricing input costs offsetting that. And then particularly the incentive comp reset are all offsets that ends up bringing that number down. On the M&A side, keep in mind that we have the amortization expense that we have to get through all of our synergy programs before we start getting the incremental leverage. The sales come right away, but we've got to work through our integration plans. We've got to work through the cost savings programs before we start to get acceleration from an operating profit standpoint.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. Once we start lapping the amortization and we continue the process next year on realizing the synergies and we get the growth, then we'll start to get acceleration from an M&A contribution standpoint.
Richard A. O’Leary: I mean, it's a huge increase in sales. We go from 2% organic growth to 6% organic growth. I mean, the biggest piece of it is just purely the volume effect in the quarter compared to where we were. If you compare December last year to third quarter this year, we had an acceleration in our business. If you compare December 2015 to third quarter 2016, you had a deceleration of the business. So you have a different dynamic going on. I fully expect that we're going to recover that from a timing standpoint and then we'll collect those receivables in the fourth quarter. And then, fourth quarter is seasonally a slower quarter. So, we'll be able to recover a large portion of that outflow.
Richard A. O’Leary: The win rates, they're good, but there's not been any significant uptick. It's driven primarily by the volumes on existing business.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. I mean, North American Flavors on an organic basis was 7%. North America organic for total Fragrances was down 3%. What other area were you...
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. I mean, I'll sort of skip over the comment about not particularly challenging. But, I mean, look, I mean, I think as we head into next year, certainly incentive comp will be a significant less headwind than what we experienced in 2017. I think that we're going to continue to drive the productivity agenda that we've laid out at the beginning of this year. We've got to continue to execute against that. We've got to continue to look at investing in driving innovation that's going to help from a sales mix standpoint and a product mix standpoint. And we'll continue to look at our cost base and say how can we drive leverage through the P&L. It's a tough environment. It's volatile. As I talked about earlier, we're expecting input costs to go up next year, so our ability to pass those increases on to our customers on the Fragrance side is going to be critical to our success in 2018.
Richard A. O’Leary: Well, no. I mean, we were able to get price increases related to those materials and get out ahead of it. And the Flavors business has done a great job in doing that. So I mean, it was slightly positive but it's really our ability to push through and anticipate those impacts.
Richard A. O’Leary: Sure, Patrick. I think from an M&A impact in 2018 on acquisitions, it's principally related to PowderPure. The Fragrance Resources was a couple weeks, so it's insignificant. So the 2% number that you're looking at seems way too high for me. So I think that impact, again, it's only going to be – PowderPure is really for half a year is the primary impact. Again from a profitability standpoint, all the other acquisitions go into organic and they'll be in our guidance for the full year from an organic standpoint. We'll embed our guidance for PowderPure in the full-year guidance also. But I think from a purely financial standpoint, it's what I said earlier, which is I would expect, once we lap the amortization impacts, that we'll continue to drive expansion through the synergies, growth of the business, and drive in improvements in the product mix of those businesses.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. For this year, I expect us to be somewhere between 4% and 4.5%. We do expect that CapEx next year will be closer to plus or minus 5% because we've still got some of the big projects in Asia that we've got to execute against. We've got China. We've got India and some of those projects. So, 2018 and 2019 are going to be the elevated years.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. I think it's still challenged. I mean, I think on the Flavors side, I know I mentioned in my comments that volume was down. We're going through and still working our way back up from some of the issues we've had. On the Fragrances side, we're seeing customers again trade down and not buying some of the categories where we're stronger at. We have a larger exposure to some of the globals in China also, and they're struggling in the marketplace on their volume basis compared to some of the local and regionals. So, it's still a challenge for both business units.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. There's actually two plants that we're dealing with. One was a smaller ingredient plant that we're finishing now. And it'll start up in the fourth quarter.
Richard A. O’Leary: Which is on the Fragrance Ingredients side. And then, as you've seen in the footnotes to the 10-Q, we're in negotiations with the government regarding their request for us to relocate our other larger ingredient plant in China and that I would expect to happen over the next two years. (56:01)
Richard A. O’Leary: In both cases, they've asked us to leave existing sites and go to a new site, and we're going to put both of the plants in a single site over the next two years.
Richard A. O’Leary: Let me take the share repurchase first. Yeah. As I noted, we did get an updated authorization from the board. The matrix is stock price-driven, but I would say that there is a component of the new authorization that provides for a minimum amount of share repurchases that's targeted to offset dilution. And then on top of that, will depend upon where we are versus the share price grid. From a utilization of the rest of the capacity in the balance sheet, I think, as Andreas talked about, we continue to look and pursue our M&A agenda, but it all depends upon what's available. And we want to make sure we are targeting the right deals and have the proper return profiles.
Richard A. O’Leary: Jon, the big drivers in terms of where ingredients are growing significant, which is the EAME and Latin America, is on our Fragrance Ingredients side. The growth on the cosmetic active side has been pretty consistent. It's in the double-digit range, so that's not driving the changes. What you're seeing is on our Ingredients business.
Richard A. O’Leary: Well, there's a lot there in your question. But, I mean, I think, that certainly we're seeing good growth in some of the emerging markets, Middle East, Africa in particular, within the EAME region. As we've been talking about for several quarters, we need to and we have adapted our strategy on Fine to focus on those categories in the channels that are most attractive. Certainly, that profile has changed over the last 12 to 18 months, where there's a lot less going through the department stores and the brick-and-mortar. And we're going to continue to target our resources towards those, the premium and the prestige components of the Fine business. Look, it's a reflection of the team we have around the world and their ability to leverage the consumer insights, understand what's going on in the market, understand our customers and designing fragrances that are attractive to the consumer. And that's ultimately what it comes down to is our ability to put the right fragrance in the right place at the right time.
Silke Kueck: So that means like next year, the cost amortization still that means that even the contribution may not be... (42:05)
Silke Kueck: Right. Right, but the reason why I ask this is you had like an improvement in sales year-over-year in the second quarter as well and the receivable increase wasn't quite as big, but it's true, there is a large sales increase.
Silke Kueck: Yeah. I understand. And lastly, can you pull out the acquisition a bit more specifically? Can you discuss what organic sales was like for North American Flavor excluding David Michael and what it was for European Flavors excluding David Michael? And maybe can do the same thing for North American Fragrances and European Fragrances if you strip out the Fragrance Resources acquisition, if you have that data.
Silke Kueck: And in Europe, I think there was an acquisition piece in European Flavors and also in European Fragrances.
