Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Mike. On the call today, our plan is to review our financial results for the second quarter and the first half of 2018. Provide an update on our financial expectations for the full year, excluding the impact of Frutarom and give insights into the strong progress we have made relative to the Frutarom transaction. Then, we will be happy to take any questions that you may have as usual. Starting with a recap of our first half 2018 performance, growth was strong across all of our key financial metrics and in line with the objectives we set out for ourselves earlier this year. Currency neutral sales increased 6% in the first half, with both business units growing 6%, respectively. New win performance, volume growth on existing business and price increases to offset rising material cost all contributed to consolidated growth. From a profitability perspective, currency neutral adjusted operating profit grew 5% as volume improvements and our focus to drive greater efficiencies throughout our business via costs and productivity initiatives continue to support overall profitability. Currency neutral adjusted EPS improved 10%, driven by improvements in adjusted operating profit, as well as a more favorable effective tax rate. I'm very pleased to also report that we are making strong progress against our four refreshed strategic priorities. Solidifying our position to drive differentiation, sales of our sweetness and savory modulation portfolio continued to grow strong double digits across all categories led by savory and dairy. PowderPure, our platform for clean label solutions, grew an impressive triple digits as we continue to scale this unique and differentiated technology. Performance with local and regional customers also remained strong, growing double that of our global customers. And it's a trend that we see across both business units. In Flavors specifically, our mid-sized go-to-market platform Tastepoint continues to deliver strong results, improving strong double digits in the first half of 2018. In terms of maximizing our portfolio, driving growth in our most margin accretive categories, cosmetic active ingredients continued its robust growth trend by improving very strong double digits. And hair care, home care, and toiletries improved high single digits. In Flavors, growth was strong in dairy and beverage, improving double digits and high single digits respectively. We also remain diligent in our focus to drive greater efficiencies in our business, allowing us to reallocate resources to efforts that drive the greatest returns. This yielded strong results in the first half 2018 as our cost of productivity initiatives, including zero-based budgeting, added approximately 5 percentage points of growth to currency neutral adjusted operating profit and EPS growth. All in all, we believe all parties are well-positioned in our strategy to drive long-term value for shareholders. Our pending transaction with Frutarom, which I will touch on in more detail shortly, will support and accelerate efforts across all of these pillars. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Rich.
Andreas Fibig: Thanks, Rich. Let's summarize. We're very pleased with our performance of the first half of 2018. Sales growth was robust at 6% with growth across both business units. We also have achieved strong improvement in currency neutral adjusted operating profit and currency neutral adjusted EPS. Based on our year-to-date performance our current outlook for the second half of the year, we have reconfirmed our previously stated full year currency neutral guidance. On this strong foundation, we are pleased to have made great advancements towards the Frutarom deal close, faster than our original expectations. We are very excited that together, the combination of IFF and Frutarom will have a broader customer base, more diversified product offerings, and an increased market penetration. It will create a global leader in natural taste, scent, and nutrition with a very attractive financial profile in terms of growth, profit, and cash flow which is expected to unlock significant value for our shareholders. With that, we would now like to open up the call for questions.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. Well, I think that's a very fair question and an important question for us, as well as, we are redoing now our strategy. Let me answer it in a way that, first of all, we have now probably the broadest customer base in the industry. So, a lot of business is done with the mid-sized and smaller customers, where we expect to have higher growth rates going forward than our core business. Secondly, if you look at the categories, we have now a portfolio as a combined company – or we will have, after closing – which gives us the ability to move categories which have good and high growth rates like natural colors, for example, and we mentioned then, natural color that's still a trend which where we have, let's say, the exchange from synthetic to natural colors in the U.S. just in front of us, where we will see high growth rates going forward. So, the customer base and the categories give us good confidence that the growth rate will be really, really good, despite the competition in some of these areas, but the market is so big that we believe that will not hamper our ability to have a fast growing business in front of us. And if you're combining both, I believe it – we can see a good uptick in the growth rate here.
Andreas Fibig: Look, in general, what we said when we announced the deal is that we certainly want to go ahead with a model of good acquisitions on this business and particularly on the adjacent businesses. Probably not at the same rate as Frutarom is doing it because some of them were just geographic expansions where we probably don't need it because we are, as a combined company, are very well covering the globe. We know and we have visibility of their pipeline in terms of deals. I can't give you any details, but there's certainly a good pipeline, and there are deals to be happen over time. And that's what I can say for now. Yeah, and we are planning our business model for money to be spent on M&A on this side as well. So, that's what I probably can announce today.
Andreas Fibig: Yes, Heidi. And in particular, when you look at the change in product portfolio and customer portfolio going forward, what we certainly see is that in some of the adjacent businesses, you have good margins and probably better margins than in the core F&F business. And now, it's up for us actually to manage our portfolio in a way that we see a margin increase over time for the total corporation. I'd give you just one example. You might remember when we moved three years ago into the active cosmetics, that's a very high margin business, at least the piece or part where we are playing in. And we see now some of these businesses coming to us as well with Frutarom. And now, we are right now in the middle of the discussion in terms of strategy, what are the product categories we really want to push to move ahead on that time. Certainly, it's true on the core F&F business. It's not easy to push the margin up and up, but we'll see, let's say, the acceleration of the different portfolios, I think. And then don't forget that we have the cost synergies for us as well, and they will help us on the margin side, and particularly when you look at procurement and at the manufacturing footprint, because that's another driver for us for margin. So, it was probably a little bit of a long-winded answer, but I wanted to give you some details, but the answer is, yes, we can move it up.
Andreas Fibig: Mike, that's certainly something where we're looking to it right now to look what really makes sense to change or what makes sense to keep. We have to say that there's certainly some elements like the nimbleness and the customer focus we like a lot. We certainly will not change that. So, there are a couple of elements actually within the culture where we have to take to consideration whether we make them even bigger within the combined company. But we are in the middle of the assessment to do it. We will also, in day one, integrate some business already as I've said we lift and shift. But it has to make sense and we can't jeopardize the top line growth, because that's so important for both businesses. That's the reason, why we have also kept our business people really focused on our core business and doing the integration basically in the back office work. Okay. And we can give you certainly more details over the next couple of months, when we are coming closer to closing and after closing certainly as well.
Andreas Fibig: No, actually not because we are happy that finally we were turning or we are turning around the situation in China. We have good growth in China in the Flavors business. What is in, let's say, an issue for us was Indonesia because we have a big business in Indonesia and the market is pretty soft that what's taking the growth rate down. But eventually that will come back. The rest of the Asian business is performing very well, and as I said, in particular, John, China, we are happy to be back. Interesting enough, as you might recall, the whole thing goes back to our factory issue we had in 2015. So, it took us longer to recover. We have now a second manufacturing plant actually in place and we will open it in the fourth quarter of this year. So, we have a backup plan and we believe that China will be for us a good growth country going forward. And now even, we see the consolidation of Frutarom even better because we will get some of their volume basically into our factories as well.
Andreas Fibig: Well, thank you, Fintan. Let me start with the last one first. On the regulatory side, we don't see any issues and we don't expect to have to divest any business before we get the regulatory approval which is positive. And that made us actually believe that the fourth quarter is good for closing, which is ahead of the initial timeline we have given to ourselves. We are very happy about that. On the talent side for the integration, we haven't seen any significant departures, and we believe that many of the senior leaders will have a good position within IFF and will stay. And we are very happy with many of the talented people who will join the new IFF in the new makeup of the company and help us driving growth.
Andreas Fibig: Mike, I'm sorry, I can't control this. So it still stands. Let's put that clear, and Rich can explain.
Andreas Fibig: Actually, on the cost side and particularly on manufacturing, as Rich said, the easy stuff is done. But now in front of these, before the industrial revolution, we see much more of a drive into artificial intelligence and robotics, which will help us actually significantly to decrease some of the costs we were having in that area. And that's actually very, very helpful. So our profitability and potential savings agenda is still on for the core business, and then on top of it, certainly the savings we get to the Frutarom deal. Well, that's where we are and we feel actually very, very good about it.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. Thank you for all the great questions. It was a good session. I hope you got the answers you needed. And as usually, we follow-up with one-on-one calls for more detailed information. Thank you very much guys. Have a good day. Bye-bye. Thank you.
Richard A. O’Leary: Sure, Mark. I think couple things from me as I think about it. We've been talking since the end of last year certainly in the first two quarters that a big component of the higher growth in the first half of this year was the volume on existing business, so – and we've expressed and I certainly have expressed an expectation that that will soften. I think overall on a two-year basis, the numbers are fairly consistent first half, second half. But I do think the mix is going to change where I think our win performance is pretty consistent. There are good rates. Our commercial performance are good. But I think in the second half of the year, we're expecting a decrease in the impact associated with volume and existing business, and an increase in the pricing impact. As I said in the second quarter, we're about 1.5 points of pricing impact in Q2 and I'd expect that to be higher than that in the second half of this year.
Richard A. O’Leary: Hi. Good morning, Lauren. It's Rich. Yeah. I think – look, as I indicated in my comments, I think, we started the year, we ended last year, started this year, we expected inclusive of citral and the BASF issue to be mid-single digits. It's now above that given the other dynamics. I think what we feel good about is that the vast majority of our discussions and pricing negotiations with our customers have been completed. And so, it's a matter of phasing those in; we've talked about that in the past. These things don't happen overnight, but we're confident in our ability to recover those increases over time. As I think about next year, I – what our current view of what we're seeing today, I mean obviously we expect this – the BASF situation to normalize in the second half of this year, so that will relieve some of the pressure. I think that as we see it today, input costs next year are probably going to be in the low to mid-single-digit level.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. I mean, Heidi, we're looking at every possibility there in terms of obviously working with our customers. Our priority, number one priority, has been to maintain surety of supply with our customers and figure out the best way to work with them. From there, we'll look at any other option out there.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. We take the prior year and then we're adjusting prior year results to current year exchange rates. Keep in mind, though, keep in mind that when you're looking at last year's reported numbers, the pension accounting change which may – which is a pretty significant number where the pension income is no longer reflected in operating profits now and other income and expense.
Richard A. O’Leary: Sure. In terms of the – in terms of the financing, we expect to go – to do the debt and equity raise – equity first, debt second in the middle of September. The exact dates, we're still working through that. In terms of the tangible equity units, they're issued at a premium and they have both a debt – they both have a – they convert from a tangible equity unit into common shares. At the future, they have an interest component to that. And the premium allows the company to benefit up to a cap on growth in our share price over the three-year period that gets the upside in terms of as our – as we deliver upon the plan, the shares reflects that we'll have a lower dilution effect.
Richard A. O’Leary: No. No. I mean, I think what we expect to see is that if you look at the pressure – year-over-year pressure that we saw in the second quarter, I would expect the second half of the year be better than that or less year-over-year pressure.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. So, I mean, if you look at the second quarter numbers, we were down about 200 basis points year-over-year in Q2. As we get the pricing in the second half of this year, I would expect that decline to decrease in the second half of the year.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yes. So, let me give you the background. So, yeah, as I said, 1.5% of price increases. When you – as I just mentioned, we were down about 200 basis points year-over-year on gross margins. All of that can be attributed actually slightly more than that. But all of that can be attributed to net price to input cost, the dynamic. And as best as I can – we can estimate it, it's split roughly 50/50 between the citral issue and the other price increases. And as I said, it's a timing issue that we expected to normalize over the balance of the year and into early next year.
Richard A. O’Leary: No. Again, I think as I said, as I mentioned earlier, overall, when we look at on a two-year basis, it's – there's not any significant change. What I do believe – what we do see happening is that the first half of this year, lower comps but a big bigger chunk of the improvement was volume on existing business. The growth – the volume on existing business were above, let's call it, five-year norms. Our win rates and impact of new wins was consistent with the five long-term trends. So, we were not seeing anything slowing or increasing there. And so, we expect to see a slowdown in the volume on existing business that'll be offset by pricing.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. So, for the first half of the year, we're – between 2018 and 2019, I would expect we're going to end the year between 19% and 20%.
Richard A. O’Leary: From my standpoint, Fin, I mean, I think, we're also – obviously, we have a completely separate work stream around talent management and the people. As Andreas' previous comments in his prepared remarks, very strong talent base. Part of that work stream is identifying who those key people are and reaching out to them and having discussions before closing in terms of what the vision is for the future.
Richard A. O’Leary: Sure, Faiza. I mean, in general, I would say that the pricing is skewed towards Fragrances versus Flavors. And then within that, it's a balance between Compounds and the Ingredients business was, you know, we've talked in the past, Fragrance Ingredients business generally works off a six-month contract. So, they generally – the impact is seen sooner on the Ingredients side. On the Fragrance Compounds side, the timing is often driven by one, the process to identify where and when the choices are made about the adjustments. And in some cases, can be driven by the indices or the contract on when the windows open up. The details on global versus local and regional, it's hard to say. So, I think it's more around those three businesses. More Fragrances than Flavors and more of what we see today is on Ingredients versus Compounds.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. I mean, we haven't – we reiterated the guidance today around our core business. We were not talking about the Frutarom deal that we will cover, as Mike said earlier and Andreas talked about, we'll cover that after the deal closes. But, overall, the big part of the year-over-year on a cash basis accretion is driven by the synergies. When we go from 25% to 70%, the cash flow generation of the business is quite significant. We expected to pay down the debt quite significantly, very quickly. So we get both the operating profit gain as well as the interest expense reductions that are driving it.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. I think for that first part, I mean as we talked about on the last call, I mean, the impact was small in Q1. As I talked about at the time, most of the higher costs were sitting in inventory. So I think when you think about the overall impact, Q2, Q3 are the pressure points. And then on the input cost side, we expect the purchasing cost to come down as the citral line stabilizes. And then on the other side, we start to fully recover the – we get the pricing takes hold and that will further mitigate the impacts.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. We still believe that currently the impact in the year this year will be about a 2% headwind, so somewhere between $10 million and $15 million on operating profit.
Richard A. O’Leary: Sure, Jon. So, first of all, what we see certainly is that the smaller and mid-sized customers are providing us with better growth than the big ones. And now, with some of the moves we have done in our own core business like Tastepoint, for example, we are covering better these smaller and mid-sized customers which give us some good growth here. So, that's good. And actually, this is one of the reasons for the Frutarom deal because it will give us even more exposure towards these customers. And we feel very excited about this. In general, if you look at the volume trends, they are pretty robust, I would say also with our end customers since, I would say, probably third quarter last year, and we see still pretty robust volume trends. We saw it in our first quarter, for example, where we were circling through our inventory much faster than we saw and particularly on the Fragrance side. We don't see a deceleration of these trends, but you never know. So, that's certainly for something we have to see, and we are in constant dialogue with our customers all the time to figure out where they stand and how much growth they see going forward. But so far, the volume trend is intact for our customers which is actually good news for us.
Richard A. O’Leary: Sure. Thanks. Look, I'm never going to sit here in my role and tell you that getting the price increase is easy. It's not. It's a long process. I think we have better tools available to us today to help our teams have fact-based conversations with our customers at a very detailed level that we hadn't had six or seven years ago. And that's imperative to our ability to get those price increases. Would I like them to come sooner? Absolutely, but we have to manage our business and these are long-term relationships with our customers and we have to work together and some cases we can come quicker, in other cases we have to make a choice and work with them around formula optimization or opening up the formulas and reformulating. Sometimes we have to look at options around phasing in the price increases. But I think both businesses have shown the ability to recover the price increases. Again, sometimes the timing it was probably not what Andreas and I would like. But I think we're able to do that. Now, from a margin standpoint, obviously it's dilutive. Because what we don't do is try to mark up the cost increases. So, I think those will continue, we'll continue to work that next year. I think what's important to me, I think, when I look at the trajectory on the input cost increases, again, we're not sitting here saying, we're expecting it to be double-digit increases across 80% of the portfolio, which is what we faced back in 2010, 2011 and 2012 and that took us two or three years to recover that. So, I think we will continue to do that. In terms of your question around cost savings and what we do as a business, I mean, that's part of what we're constantly doing, is managing productivity programs. I mean, the productivity programs that Francisco has led over the last 11 years that I've been with the company, have been dramatic in terms of what they've delivered to the bottom line and help give us flexibility. I'm not going to sit here and tell you we have the same ability to achieve those that we've had in the last 10 years, over the next 10 years because we've done all the easy stuff. But it's a constant part of our agenda. And then obviously – we will, obviously, look to accelerate the synergies and turn over every possible stone to have as much flexibility in our operating model. And I think we will then look at how much do we reinvest in the business. That becomes, to me, the variable of terms of, okay, if we're ahead of schedule, we can potentially reinvest quicker. If we're behind, we'll be more restrictive in terms of where we make incremental investments.
