Matthias Haeni: Good morning, and good afternoon, everyone. Against challenging comps of 8% a year ago, flavors delivered local currency sales growth of 1% in the second quarter of 2014. As a reminder, the second quarter of 2013 was our strongest like-for-like quarter of last year. New wins, which were at historical levels in the second quarter, continued to be a growth driver of our business. The volume from new wins was offset by a higher level of erosion on existing business, especially in North America where we had several very large new product launches in the second quarter of 2013. Looking at the 2 years average, Flavors had solid growth of 5% on a like-for-like basis for Q2. The emerging markets continued to drive growth for our business, representing 52% of sales. The emerging markets grew by 5%, led by double-digit growth of 15% in Latin America. The BRIC countries of Brazil, Russia, India, and China, all performed well, reflecting our ability to work with both global and local customers in these markets. Solid growth in the BRICs was offset by losses in other countries, including Thailand, which was pressured by geopolitical risk. On a year-to-date basis, we grew by 8% in the emerging markets, with 90% of our growth coming from these markets. From a regional perspective, in Europe, Africa and in Middle East, local currency sales increased by 2% on top of 5% growth in the second quarter of 2013. Growth was strongest in Beverages, Sweet and Dairy, partially offset by softness in Savory. In Greater Asia, this quarter we were disappointed in our flat growth versus 8% like-for-like growth in the year-ago quarter. Gains in the Savory and Sweet end-use categories were offset by declines in Beverages and Dairy. In North America, the operating environment continues to be challenging. Volume erosion on existing business was significant and more than offset our growth from new wins. As mentioned, this was driven by several large product launches last year and we were comparing to growth of 11%, which is the most challenging comp of the year. Finally, we saw continued very strong growth in Latin America of 15%, driven by our proprietary technologies in Beverages, which resulted in very strong growth in the category, reflecting a very high level of new wins. On a year-to-date basis, Latin America has grown by 19%. The second quarter is the third consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in our Latin America region. Turning to our profitability metrics. Flavors' gross margins remained strong at prior year levels as a result of our technology-driven wins and creative capabilities. Our segment profit improved by 1% or $0.9 million to $91 million or an increase of 20 basis points as a percentage of sales. The improvement reflects flat gross margins combined with decreased incentive compensation provisions versus the high level of a year ago. Our input costs continue to remain at elevated levels. On a year-to-date basis, our segment profit increased 3.5%, or $6 million, or an increase of 40 basis points. Turning to our outlook for the third quarter of 2014. We expect growth to be moderate given the ongoing challenges in North America and Western Europe. We are carefully monitoring the situation, yet we remain confident we can continue to leverage our innovation and technology to grow our business. I also want to highlight that we have begun to see input cost pressure on some items in our inventory. We are expecting to see the increased cost pressures in our P&L around the end of the year, and we will likely see headwinds in 2015. As a result, we have been proactively working with customers on price increases to help mitigate these inflationary pressures. As of 2014, our current strategic initiatives and other cost savings should offset any cost increases in 2014. With that, I will now turn the call over to Kevin, our CFO.
Matthias Haeni: Mark, this is Matthias speaking. As I tried to outline in the call, we had a significant erosion, particularly in North America. In North America, we were also up to significant comparables of last year as we have seen a few very large product introductions last year. These were seasonal, probably more trendy product launches, heavily supported by our customers and commercials. And we see in our shortfall versus prior year, approximately 2/3 of our shortfall is driven by a few select products and customers. Going into Q3, I think we will see some continued softness not only from these introductions and the comparables, but also from the market situation, which turned to be a bit more challenging, and that has also been supported and communicated by many of our customers.
Matthias Haeni: This is Matthias speaking. Frankly, I cannot tell what our customers are going to launch in the second half of this year. I can tell you that we have a strong project pipeline. Our commercial performance, which means the wins are in line with historical levels, yet still need the pressure on a few select customers, and volume remains strong. And we firmly believe we have the ability to win. We have a significant project pipeline, a very strong innovation pipeline that will make a significant difference, which is a lasting difference for our customers and IFF.
Matthias Haeni: Well, I thank you for your question. We will see continued softness in the third quarter in North America. You are right. We see ease -- comparisons easing in the fourth quarter. And we also expect the third quarter to improve relative to our second quarter performance in North America Flavors.
Matthias Haeni: I think in North America, as we see some pressure overall in the market, we see more and more customers also being very cautious in product launches, and cautiousness is often the result of the seasonal launches. And if the seasonal launch is not going to be a big success, they will take it off the market. I think we see and we'll see continued situations in North America where very large customers are bringing a so-called limited time offerings to the market. We see it in many of the categories. And if this limited time offerings are not very strongly supported by commercials and marketing advertisements, you will see erosion quickly. Now I'm confident that with the project pipeline, which we have, and what we are working with our customers, we are working much more on iconic brands again, brands which are in the marketplace for quite some time, extensions of brands which will stay for a longer period of time. And it remains to be seen what we will get as new product launches in the fourth quarter. We have some visibility on the third one and we feel confident. As for the fourth and beyond, we will see what type of dynamics we are going to experience.
Matthias Haeni: I think it is more concentrated towards Savory and Beverages. And we keep on making very good inroads in other categories. I -- the isolated cases I was referring to from last year, they're in probably 2 categories only, and this is mainly related to Beverages.
Matthias Haeni: I think the -- I tried to outline -- we see some pressure in North America. We see some pressure in Western Europe. Nevertheless, given our opportunity and ability, coupled with the very strong project pipeline and our innovation programs, we are obviously -- these opportunities materializing for us very positively going forward. We have a lot offer to our customers. And what our offering is not only adding great flavors. In our offering, we also are in the position to add taste to products, and with taste, we are also, at the same time, engineering, together with customers, on lower-cost recipes for their own consumers. So overall, I'm very confident that we see opportunities in both in the developed markets, but also in the developing markets, and our growth and model and growth thesis remains strong. And we have a very sound, solid foundation in the Flavors business unit.
Matthias Haeni: Yes, Sarah, this is Matthias again. I mentioned before, in North America we have seen pressure on few select customers. So it's not across the Savory market or it's not across the Beverage market. Where we have seen pressure are product introductions that were very trendy, very fashionable, heavily supported last year. And also, we have seen our customers building up inventory for such a significant launch. And this is why we are also coming under pressure relative to last year's performance. Coming into the project pipeline, I mentioned to you before, we have a very strong project pipeline in both of what you've described in sodium, as well as in sweetness or in calorie reduction. We are very active, actively engaged with our customers with large global accounts, as well as with regional accounts to take calories out of recipes, not only in beverages but also in other product offerings, in other categories. And we got very positive response. And our win rate typically is significantly higher once we can allocate technology into the recipe design with our customers.
Matthias Haeni: I can echo what Doug outlined. I think medium-sized, or probably small-sized companies, they will appreciate a total product offering. It helps them in the facilitation of their recipe engineering, recipe design. And they also got a lot of probably additional technical advices from companies offering a total solution. When it comes to larger and above all, global accounts, they would typically ask you, Mark, to unbundle your total solutions and systems as they want to have control over individual ingredients and there will be very limited appreciation for what we think is the total solution for it. It may change from account to account. But if you want the experience, then this is what we are working with our customers on.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Kevin, Mathias and Nicholas. As you've heard from our teams, we've had a good first half of the year with local currency sales growth of 5% and adjusted operating profit and earnings per share growth of 11% and 16%, respectively, all in line with or above our long-term targets. As you have heard, volume erosion on base business in Flavors put pressure on our top line growth despite a level of new wins that was in line with historical norms. We expect to see continued erosion in the third quarter in Flavors. For the third quarter, we expect sales growth to be in line with our Q2 results as market conditions for Flavors will remain challenging. We expect to see continued gross margin expansion, but at a lower rate year-over-year, especially as we compare to the improved gross margin performance of the prior year and the improvements we saw in the first half of the year. In addition, we are closely monitoring the input costs. And as Mathias and Nicolas indicated in their remarks, we expect to see some inflationary cost pressure around year end, which will have an impact on our 2015 P&L. As a result, we have been proactively working with customers on price increases to help mitigate these inflationary pressures. As to 2014, our current strategic initiatives and other cost savings should offset any cost increases in 2014. Turning to the full year, given our current visibility, we now expect our full year local currency sales growth to be in the range of 4% to 6%. Our full year profitability metrics remain intact. Cost control and manufacturing efficiencies will continue to drive our operating profit growth. We are reconfirming our expectation for double-digit operating profit and earnings per share growth for the full year. The investments we are making in R&D have resulted in a strong pipeline of innovation. We are confident that the commercialization of these technologies will result in continued sales growth and margin gains for the company. As most of you know, in late May, we announced IFF's CEO Succession Plan. Effective September 1, I will be stepping down as Chief Executive Officer and will remain active as IFF's Chairman. I have thoroughly enjoyed my time at IFF but have always said that at some point, I would scale back my involvement to make time for other activities. I have just celebrated my 65th birthday and I am looking forward to doing other things, including more time with my family, children and grandchildren. The board has selected Andreas Fibig as the next CEO of IFF. Andreas has been a member of our board since 2011 and has been actively involved in setting our strategy and charting a course for the future. Andreas comes to us from Bayer Pharmaceutical, where he has successfully introduced new pharmaceutical solutions and drove a profitable growth agenda. Importantly, he is known to the Board of Directors and to our senior management team who value his insight and his input. He understands the value of R&D and driving the innovation agenda, understands and help develop our emerging market strategy and has previous operating experience in the emerging markets. Finally, Andreas has a successful track record with merger and acquisitions and will be a great addition to IFF as the company looks to further drive its profitable growth strategy, both organically and through business development activities. We welcome him to IFF and look forward to working with him, and I look forward to introducing him to many of you. Here are the key takeaways from our second quarter call. In summary, our overall growth of 4% in the second quarter and 5% year-to-date reflects strong results in Fragrances and mixed results in Flavors. Our sales growth slowed in Q2 on account of greater erosion on existing business. We expect to see continued erosion in the third quarter in Flavors, which has led us to reduce our full year top line sales forecast. The breadth and diversity of our portfolio provides greater stability to absorb variations in a particular region, category or customer. We can really see how effective this business model was for us this quarter as our overall growth of 4% had some great success which offset areas of weakness. The second quarter compares to our most challenging quarter in 2013 from a top line growth standpoint. We continue to believe strongly in our strategy and long-term growth potential, and we are positioning IFF for future success. Our commitment to innovation, portfolio enhancement and internal improvements support our strong gross margin profile. We remain focused on our 3 strategic pillars: Leveraging our geographic footprint, enhancing our innovation and maximizing our portfolio. I thank you for your participation today on our Q2 earnings call, and we will now open up the call for questions.
Douglas D. Tough: Good question, Mark. There's certainly been a recent spate of activity in a couple of areas. I think the broader question is, are there still opportunities there? And we believe the answer to that would be yes, conceivably both within the organic footprint, but also adjacencies which would leverage off the some of the skills and competencies we have, particularly in R&D. Some of the recent price points that have been achieved on a couple of the deals have certainly exceeded previous transactions, and that will weigh in on value. But I think as we've talked about in our 3-pillar strategy and the opportunities to continue to grow in the emerging markets as that middle class comes forward, we think there's still robust opportunity for growth. So it's not a prerequisite that we have M&A activity, but we are certainly, as Kevin pointed out, we have the financial firepower to do so if the opportunity presents itself, and we remain eager and we'll evaluate things. But you have used a critical word in there, which is, are there still value opportunities? And the economic profit discipline that we've instilled in the company will be germane to all the things we look at, and so we will have to have value in order to go forward. But we're confident there will be opportunities.
Douglas D. Tough: Now this is just an augmentation to what Matthias is talking through. If you look at the top line in the second quarter, you -- our growth from the new wins continue to be very solid. Where we saw the weakness, as Matthias outlined, really is more Flavors-specific and it's the erosion on existing business, which Matthias has already outlined, and some of that is associated with some discrete items on specific customers. So there is some other general erosion that we've seen in Flavors, but the thing that is most important and what we're driving relative to our innovation programs continues to be robust, and we see that pipeline being -- continuing to look pretty solid.
Douglas D. Tough: I would just want to build on something Matthias said, which is in the context of what are the actions being taken, and there's probably a couple. There's obviously a financial discipline associated with cost and investments. But we actually see some significant opportunities in the North American market, particularly with some customers. So both account management and focus on innovation, as well as opening of offices to support these customers, that's actually on our horizon because of the confidence we have in the innovation pipeline. So there's as much, if not more, offensive-based activities as they are defensive in terms of returning the business in North America to growth.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you very much, operator. Thank you, all, for your participation on our Q2 call. And we'll look forward to our discussion in early November with our Q3 results. Thank you.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Lauren, this is Matthias speaking again. Thank you for your question. I really tried to outline in Asia. We had seen a mixed picture. We had seen China, India grow strongly and we have seen some challenges in Southeast Asia. Not only Thailand, which is very much impacted by geopolitical situations and unfavorable market situations. We have also seen some challenges in Indonesia in the second quarter. However, I would like to remind, in the first quarter in Indonesia, we had very strong double-digit growth, and we expect to see a normalized pattern going forward.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Lauren, it's Nicolas here. I will separate, obviously, the trend in Fine Fragrance in the Consumer Goods. As you saw, we had a very strong Q1 in Fine Fragrance of plus 18%. I think it's more related to order patterns, which had affected our performance in Q2. So overall, 5% growth for the first 6 months, which is above market performance. So I think that it's there, but -- we obviously watch out the overall environment and the economic situation. When I look at Consumer Fragrances, we have seen some pocket, obviously, of instability in the region, especially Middle East, Africa but also Eastern Europe, which is impacting the demands on our customers affecting consumer demand, which has created some pocket of headwinds. So we're seeing some improvement as our customers are mentioning. Would it be a meaningful improvement? I don't expect so. But at least we will see some improvement. So it's really a mixed performance according to the countries or subregion that you're talking about.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Mike, it's Nicolas again. As you know, last year, we had a very strong first half where we grew 29%, which was far above the market performance. Here, you saw that after some challenge, but it was mostly due to strong comp, minus 15% in Q1 versus plus 38% last year. We have a lag on new good growth, 14% above 20% last year. So we have a good strong pipeline of new wins. But it is fair to say that across categories, Brazil has faced some slower growth rate across customers and product categories. So our pipeline of new wins is strong, and now, it will be -- we have to see other market, and the consumer demand will develop in the next few months. But our performance related to the market is strong. Now, we'll have to see what will be the impact of overall consumer demand.
Kevin C. Berryman: Mike, this is Kevin. I'll make just a few comments. We don't imply anything as it relates to what the second half of the business actually looks like in terms of performance level, but I think the mere fact that we are calling for strong double-digit growth in both operating profit and the EPS, I think is indicative that, again, we feel that our second half of the year is going to warrant good performance. At the end of day, we do have, as outlined, kind of a reduction from what we would have originally said on the top line. We had a 5% to 7% range. Now, we're a 4% to 6%. That doesn't mean anything other than probably the high end of our range before is probably unlikely now. And so consequently, we continue to believe that we have a good second half of the year.
Kevin C. Berryman: We haven't disclosed that information, Silke, but ultimately, we had drivers of volume mix because of the amount of our growth was more limited this quarter. And especially, as a Nicolas outlined, mix was not as positive as it normally is because of the Fine Fragrance situation that he suggested, but we saw good cost reduction initiatives. We saw some benefits on net pricing, and there was some currency all were adding up to be some positives as it relates to the gross margin.
Kevin C. Berryman: The -- a couple of things. The $6 million to $8 million is still the expectation on an annual basis. So we would expect, given the timing of the closure, that we will get roughly half of that. Most of the costs as it relates to the acquisition, which we'll refer to, are really relative to the amortization cost. So those will be ongoing. Regardless, the net impact to Aromor on a total basis is immaterial within the context of the profitability of the company.
Kevin C. Berryman: Ed, this is Kevin. We haven't disclosed that. And as you know, at the end of the year, when we talk to our Q4 results, we'll give a perspective on what the expected inflation levels are, and that may give you a better indication as to what kind of pricing may be required to help offset that pressure. But at the end of the day, we don't believe that we're faced -- just to make a few comments, we don't believe we're faced with the situation back in 2011, where we had double-digit input cost, but we do fundamentally believe that there are areas where we're going to have to take pricing to help offset input cost pressure beginning in 2015. So we'll talk more about that at the end of the year during our Q4 call. But not to be an alarmist, there's no need for us to be thinking along the lines of what would have happened in 2011. Your competitors will also, I would assume, be taking the same kind of positions because they'll be interested in trying to recover some of the input cost pressures they would see as well.
Kevin C. Berryman: I think that you're right. The good thing about the diversity of our spend is that there's often times pieces of the portfolio that will go up, and it's often times offset to at least, to some extent, by other pieces of the portfolio that will go down. I would say the one area, and you've already outlined it, which we expect to in general have higher levels, is in the naturals area. We've already called out in the past, Citrus, as one particular area where we know that there's going to be some increases versus our current levels, and there's a few others. But in general, the majority of the pressure points are seen in the naturals area. There would be some others in the Fragrance Ingredients side, but ultimately, it's more in the naturals area at this particular point in time. And that's where we are focusing most of our discussions with our customers right now in terms of those future price increases.
