Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Alison. In summary, I am pleased with how we started off the year. Financially, the entire organization collectively achieved strong results as evident by our 6% sales growth, 7% adjusted operating profit growth, and 11% adjusted EPS growth all on currency-neutral basis. As Alison just commented, we are on a pace and have increased confidence to achieve our previously stated currency-neutral financial guidance for 2016. Simultaneously, we continue to be focused on the execution of Vision 2020 as we believe our emphasis on building great differentiation and accelerating profitable growth will create incremental shareholder value over the long term. With that, I would now like to open up the call to questions.
Andreas Fibig: Lauren, This is Andreas. Thank you for the question and, unfortunately, we believe that the global environment is still pretty volatile and choppy, as you were saying, because we see in some areas of the world, we see actually very good growth trends. We just came back, Alison and myself, from the Middle East and Africa. We see good double-digit growth in the region despite the political unrest. We have other areas, for example in China, where we are seeing basically a slowdown in growth. So you see from the geographic point of view, it's very volatile at the moment and even in the U.S., it's not super consistent what we are seeing. On top of it, we see differences in between the different categories. Let me give you an example. If you look, for example, to modulation, our sweetness modulation, that's something which is certainly facilitating our growth, because we see more countries moving in towards sugar tags. UK just did it. South Africa is going to bring to do it. So that's something which is driving growth in the category. But in other categories, we don't see as much growth because it goes against it. So it's a very complex picture, and that's the reason why we say we really have to deal with that kind of volatility around the globe. So we believe that the market probably has a growth for Flavors and Fragrances between 2% and maybe 3%, but that's very much on the high end. On the active Cosmetics, we still see much higher, higher growth trends between, let's say, 5% and 6%. So it's a pretty difficult picture at the moment.
Andreas Fibig: Let's talk about the organic business first. We believe it will change in the second half of the year, so that's very, very clear. And Ottens is still performing, let's say, above our business case, and we have actually pretty tough comps here as well on the Ottens business. And what we have said before is that we see, in particular with the customer base we have with this business, a higher growth rate than with some of our more bigger and more established customers.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Absolutely. So we still see it in the Beverage category for us on the Flavors side, and we're actually pretty proud, because it looks like this category in particular is a certain delivery system for powders. It's helping us because it facilitates growth in a population category, which is lower middle class and lower income, which is really helping us to drive our growth there. And we see it basically on the modulation as well. And here again, the scene comes back. I just touched on it with the sweetness modulation. So, replacement of sugar and helping with sweetness modulation is something which is a big trend and which helps us with our sales in that category.
Andreas Fibig: I would say normal growth rate depends on how you define the normal, because what we are seeing is a bit of a slowdown in market, and I think that's what you hear from many of our competitors as well. The new normal might be, let's say, 2.5% market growth and we believe that we can outperform the market. But the question is how much it is at the end. And we see certainly a softer trend in greater Asia, which is certainly driven by China, because remember, we had for many years, we had high double-digit growth rates in China. And these times might be over. And Western Europe is certainly also not a super bright spot here. So we are probably back to the new normal.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. So, first of all, we are very happy with the two acquisitions we did last year because they are performing very, very, very well and driving revenue growth. So when we look at M&A in general, we look what could provide technology to us, because we really believe that differentiation comes through technology and through innovation. So that's something. We really look whether it could provide us access to customers and regions where we are right now not very well representatives. And we're certainly looking at adjacencies. And you just mentioned the active Cosmetics, and that's certainly one of the areas where we ventured in and where we want to build our position, first of all, through high organic – double-digit organic growth, but through some more M&A activities here as well. We are certainly screening the market as usually and we are conducting due diligence on a number of potential opportunities and, if it makes good sense, like last year, we are moving forward. And we certainly have a good financial discipline, but Alison might comment on that one.
Andreas Fibig: It is – actually the difference in growth, I start with the last one, is smaller because we have seen one or two of our big customers was really, really good and nice growth rates in the first quarter. The business is still split by 50:50 roundabout for us between the two categories, local/regionals and global customers. And actually it's a split we really like, because as you well know, it's also the split in terms of emerging markets and mature market is 50:50. Flavors, Fragrances, almost a 50:50 relationship. That helps us in these volatile times actually to balance our business fairly well.
Andreas Fibig: So we're taking the vanillin from Evolva for our own internal consumption, so not so much to sell it externally. And you are right; the vanilla prices are pretty high. We will see how the price trend will go on over time, but I can't make projections right now. I think for the rest the year, we should be fine because we think we have everything in stock we need, we are covered. But for 2017, we will see how the price trend moves on, but it's hard to predict right now.
Andreas Fibig: It depends actually, Lauren, on the price because whenever we do – in this industry, when you do something in the biotech space, you try to get, let's say, stable supply to a certain price. And if the raw material is not any longer – let's say you can't buy enough, then the biotech version kicks in or if the price really goes through the roof and you have a good manufacturing price in place. And that's what helps us to balance these kind of movements. So as soon as if the price would go up even further, then there might be an opportunity to commercialize that, but that's not the case at the moment. So for us, basically it's a supply backup solution.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. Thank you, Heidi, for the question. I certainly can't comment on Heinz-Jürgen's comments here. But what is clear for us is that in the last couple of years we have invested a lot in CapEx. You know we have built new manufacturing plants in Indonesia, in Turkey, in China, and that helped us a lot. On our agenda, as you well know, we have still India and a second plant in China, but that's basically built into our plan for the coming years. So we believe we might spend between 4.5% and 5% for the next two years, maybe three years on CapEx and then CapEx will go down to more of the maintenance level of 3.5 percentage points. So nothing has changed on our side. In terms of the valuation of M&A targets, I agree they're usually high, but they were high last year as well and we are very happy with the two acquisitions we have done. So I think it always depends what kind of targets you find and for what kind of price you can close and what kind of strategy you apply then afterwards to make the business grow. So I would be more optimistic that you still can find good targets, and you know we are not doing anything outrageous here. We really want to make sure that we are financially very disciplined with what we acquire.
Andreas Fibig: Maybe I'll start with a very macro picture on China. First of all, what you see in China is nothing very specific to IFF. You have seen it through basically all of our competitors and many of our customers and other companies. So it seems to be the way you have to operate in China. That's number one. Number two is that we have made a decision that whatever we do in China was exceptional of our Ingredients plant for Fragrances, everything is for the local demand. We are not going to export out of China. So we do basically our manufacturing in China. I think that's important to know as well. It's not a big, let's say, export hub for us. And now, Alison can talk about the financials.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. Thank you very much for all of the questions. And in summary, I would say we are on track for the year and we are on track for Vision 2020. Thank you again and talk to you soon. Bye-bye.
Alison A. Cornell: Thanks for the question, Mark. So, from a second quarter perspective, we do not plan to comment on second quarter. If we think about the fourth quarter, fourth quarter especially if we neutralize for the 53rd week was abnormally low. We did have relative strength in the first quarter, our volumes improved sequentially, we had strong commercial performance. But despite that, as you look at the relatively low performance in Q4 to Q1, we do think that it was impacted. So, with respect to Q2, we think it's too early to talk about it as we're only one month in and especially given the volatility in our customer order patterns. Having said that, though, we do expect growth to accelerate as we progress throughout the year and remain committed to our guidance.
Alison A. Cornell: So I think if we step back, coming into 2016, we noted that our organic business would be softer than our long-term targets overall given the macroeconomic conditions, customer order volatility, limited volume growth from our customers, as indicated. Having said that, if we bifurcate first half versus second half, we expect our growth to accelerate throughout the year as we exit our 2016 business based on additional access to new business, strong new win performance that we know that we already have that will manifest itself in the second half and also the benefits that we're seeing from our innovation, continued benefit. And so, feel good as we exit 2016, going into 2017 and believe that we are on target to deliver our long-term targets that we indicated.
Alison A. Cornell: Yeah. So in addition to the strategic filters that Andreas went through, we also have a series of financial filters, one being EPS-accretive year one, and then economic profit positive in years three to five. So to the extent it meets the strategic filters and the financial filters, we would potentially move forward. But we do those things in tandem.
Alison A. Cornell: So I think Fragrances clearly did well across all regions, all categories, all geographies. From a Flavors perspective, we had strength in Sweet, Savory, Dairy, but we had volume strength, volume leverage. Along with that from a bottom line perspective, we also had cost productivity initiatives that benefited us. We also had net price to input costs favorability. And so – but I think the main driver of our strength in the first quarter was clearly Fragrances.
Alison A. Cornell: Yes. So I think it's a number of things, so one item being the shift between – of course, possibly timing between Q4 and Q1. Another is stronger commercial performance and so we had less erosion combined with stronger commercial new win performance that contributed to the overall strength in the quarter.
Alison A. Cornell: So, we as well are implementing a zero-based budgeting. We are in the early stages. We actually started – I would say we dipped our toe in the water last year as we did our 2016 budget, but are moving forward with that on a broader scale in 2016.
Alison A. Cornell: Okay. So you asked about incremental CapEx associated with China, at this point, it's $45 million that we've assumed. From a capacity utilization perspective, it's about 50%. But we're considering the second site as more of a contingency or backup site. So that's essentially how we're using it as needed. Your first question in terms of price-cost input, we expect it to be favorable for the remainder of the year.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Okay. And then, if you could offer a little bit more color on North America Flavors performance, both excluding Ottens, organic still down as expected. But at what point do you think that turns? I believe there have been some big wins on sweetness modulation around this time last year, so maybe we are starting to lap tough comps. And then also on Ottens, I think the language in the deck changed, that previously you have been talking about that business growing double-digits and now it's sort of, quote, solid. So, anything that changed there would be helpful as well.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Okay. And then just one last one, if I may. Latin America was just very strong seemingly across the board. And in the press release, anyway, you didn't specifically mention Beverages. I believe that had been – the Beverage encapsulation had been a driver of the Flavors growth there. So if you can talk anything more specifically about what's driven Latin America to be so strong in obviously such a very tough macroeconomic environment would be great.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Thanks. Glad I got back in. So I did have a quick question about vanillin. I know that the relationship with Evolva is changing. I believe they're kind of taking that back and the commercialization didn't really go maybe as well as planned. It'd be great if you could just articulate why. What are kind of the learnings from that experience, particularly as vanilla was cited as an area of potential cost inflation this year? That'd be just really interesting to learn about. Thanks.
