Frank Clyburn: Thank you, Glenn. Before I open the call for questions, I want to take a moment to reflect on what has continued to make IFF a strong, resilient organization and a category defined leader in our industry. I joined IFF almost a year ago and in an important moment in the company’s transformation and while our global business sought to navigate an incredibly complex operating environment. As I’ve mentioned before, what attracted me to IFF was its enterprise-wide purpose to apply science and creativity for a better world. Since then, I have seen this purpose serve as a guiding light as we have continued to build out our teams, expanded in new markets and strengthen our innovation portfolio and pipeline together. In 2022, we have executed tough pricing actions, rolled out new productivity initiatives and found successful ways to optimize and streamline our portfolio. So we’re investing in areas that will generate growth, enhance our profits and reduce our debt. Most significantly, we have unveiled our refreshed growth strategy and our focus on carrying out those initiatives to ensure we are delivering for our customers while also creating strong returns and sustained profitable growth into the future. Our teams here at IFF have rallied to meet the challenges in front of us, and I’m confident in our future heading into 2023 and beyond, especially based on the excellent reception from all of our stakeholders following the announcement of our strategic refresh in December. Although, we entered 2023 with a cautiously optimistic outlook, I am confident that we have the strategy and the people to address any challenge and deliver long-term value for shareholders and other stakeholders. IFF continues to play an essential role in the daily lives of so many people around the world, and I’m energized by the unique opportunity in front of us. IFF has built an incredible foundation as a trusted partner with world-class talent, a robust R&D pipeline, broad portfolio, and I’m confident that our refreshed strategic framework and new operating model will allow IFF to increase our customer centricity, more closely align with today’s marketplace and deliver most efficiently for our customers around the world. With that, I would like to now open the call up for questions.
Frank Clyburn: Heidi, it’s Frank, and thanks for the question, and it’s really an important one. One, we did provide in our Capital Markets Day a preliminary view into 2023. With that said, I think we all feel that we own some of which you’ve mentioned maybe the change. And let me unpack what has happened and especially in Q4. As we went through Q4, Heidi, we had assumed that we would have mid-single-digit volume decline. And as you saw now our full quarter four results, we ended up having growth of 4% overall, but we saw high-single-digit volume decline. We saw that change really accelerate the decline in the month of December, in particular, Heidi. I had spoken about what we were seeing in the Health North America Probiotic business, also parts of our Nourish business, Ingredients and Protein Solutions. And in fact, in the month of December, we did see many of those businesses have double-digit volume decline primarily due to destocking. There is some end market demand impact as well. So when we saw the volume changes in particular that came through in December as well as the impact that it had on our manufacturing cost and absorption, we felt as though we had to really take a look into 2023, obviously, as we’re coming out now to guide. As I look at the trends in January, they are continuing to be very similar, Heidi, to what we saw in December. So when we think of the first quarter, especially against our first quarter comparison where we grew last year 5%, we have made the assumption that this is going to be a challenging first quarter, similar trends as what we have seen in Q4. And then as we get into the first half of the year, we also continue to see challenges from inflation and other pressures. We do see growth in the back half of the year. But when we look at it overall, we see the year having pretty much flattish volume year-over-year, Heidi, but we also feel good about our 6% overall sales growth. When we look at the entirety of the P&L, we also feel it’s really important as you heard from Glenn to focus on cash flow. So one of the things that we’re going to be doing is focusing on reducing our inventory to improve cash flow that is going to have a several percentage point impact on our EBITDA profit growth. We think that’s the right thing to do. And then also as we continue to look at the volume dynamics, we clearly are going to continue to focus on everything we can to control our cost. We have announced accelerating our productivity program, and you heard that from Glenn, and we talked about that at Capital Markets Day. In addition to that, we are instituting a much stronger S&OP process that’s going to be co-led with Ralf Finzel, our new Head of Operations. We have a new Head of Procurement that’s come in, and Glenn’s going to help to co-lead that team, and that team is going to meet on a weekly basis. Also, we’re going to continue to focus on our customers by improving our key account management activity and also continuing to invest in R&D to make sure that we have the innovation needed as things improve as we get in particular towards the back half of the year and as we head into 2024. So we feel confident in the guidance, Heidi, we think it’s prudent and we felt as though it was the right thing to do based on what we saw the trends in the fourth quarter, in particular in the month of December. Your second question, I’m sorry, real quick. Yes, Heidi. The Reverse Morris Trust now in February is – allows us to look at the entire portfolio that work is underway, Heidi, and we will, as we discussed on Capital Markets Day, continue to look at the entire portfolio to make sure that we’re maximizing for our shareholders as well as making strategic decisions to benefit our customers and to drive profitable growth.
Frank Clyburn: Yes, Mike, I’ll take this one. It’s Frank. For China, for the quarter, we did see sales down approximately 4%, Mike. So you’re absolutely right. It was another tough quarter in China as we continue to manage overall the lockdowns and then the reopenings and then some of the COVID impacts that we’re seeing throughout China. So China is still, for us, is a cautious, I would say, market. And as you are well aware, that is our second largest market. So that’s something that we are really continuing to work with our teams there. If you look at North America, you see a little bit of a tail of a couple of different stories. Mike, for the full year, we did grow 5% in North America, but we did see an impact in Q4 of 4% decline versus prior year. And that really speaks to what we saw overall of the impact it’s had in particular in Nourish, which was down approximately 4%. And then also, we saw the significant reduction in North America in the Health Probiotic business that I’ve mentioned, and that actually had H&B down in North America as well. So those are the two, I would say, dynamics in both China and in North America and in particular, North America, I would say more to destocking as we saw a big hit as we’ve been discussing here in Q4.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Ghansham, thanks for the question. We do anticipate just as you think about what we saw in Q4 to continue as I mentioned, in Q1. The elasticity question is a really important one. I would say that most of what we are seeing and in discussions with customers, you’re seeing some trade down with regards to quantities. You are seeing some trade down to private label, but it’s not significant. I mean it’s in different parts of the world. I think you’re seeing more price elasticity honestly, in some of the Asian markets, where clearly, you’re seeing some trade-offs there. But overall, we’re not seeing significant trade-offs at this time. With that said, many of our customers are expecting, and I think you’ve seen some of them announce that it’s going to be likely a continued challenging first half of the year from a volume perspective. They are continuing to increase prices and I think that’s going to continue as well for the foreseeable future. So that’s at least at this point in time, how I kind of see the elasticity question. We’re seeing some in Europe, one last geography I would mention, but nothing significant to really point to in other geographies.
Frank Clyburn: Yes, David, thanks for the question. So the answer is we’re still sticking with what we talked about at Capital Markets Day, the 4% to 6% top line growth, 8% to 10% EBITDA growth over the 2024 to 2026 time frame. If you take actually a two-year look back, David, which I did – our business grew approximately volume about 3%. So if you recall, we're in a market that is 2% to 3% in more normal conditions, which obviously, we're all looking forward to those coming back. But we still believe that profile that we put forward at this point in time is achievable for Capital Markets Day. And we are accelerating productivity, as we've mentioned, we are bringing forward cost reductions this year. Nothing else additional to announce at this point in time. But obviously, myself, the management team, especially during some of the challenging macro environment we talked about, we're going to continue to look for ways to drive additional productivity as we go forward, but nothing additional than what we've already shared.
Frank Clyburn: Yes, I'll get started, Mark. I think the volume question is a fair one, but let me look at the portfolio from a couple of different lenses. In our Scent business, we feel as though our volumes are very comparable to peers and the competitors. In fact, there are some instances, I think where we're even gaining share in parts of the Scent business, and we saw very strong volume growth in Fine Fragrance as an example. In Health and Biosciences, Mark, we clearly see good performance in food and culture enzymes. We feel as though we're very competitive in home and personal care. What you're really seeing is the dynamic and the impact on that business is really within health. And we've talked a lot about the shift and change in market demand as well as destocking, but we think overall, our H&B business is very important for the future, but there are some clear volume challenges in that one segment with good growth in other parts of that business. If you come to Nourish, in Nourish we are very competitive. If you look on a two-year basis, Mark, because you have to take into account, we had a very strong volume growth in 2021. But two-year basis, Flavors is growing approximately 5%. So we feel as though we're in very good position within that business. I think the question really volume-wise is within the ingredients business, and we've spoken about. We were capacity constrained in some of those businesses, which impacted some of our volume opportunities. And then we were very aggressive on pricing and made some trade-offs to preserve margin in that business, and we did probably see some share loss within the Ingredient segment, in particular Protein Solutions. So I think overall, Mark, to your broader question, we feel as though the portfolio is the right one. We hear from our customers and in fact, many of our team was down at ACI, just this – or last week a lot of excitement about the innovation, a lot of excitement about our portfolio. But the proof will be we've got to execute against it, like I mentioned at Capital Markets Day, and that is our focus. We are going to continue to obviously, as Glenn mentioned, we'll get the entirety of the portfolio to make sure that it works strategically and also achieves our other objectives of driving profitable growth. But we feel as though the portfolio overall is the right one. And now we're focused on executing as we've been discussing.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Thanks for the question. And as we go in – as we were communicating on that framework, and remember, it is a framework. What sits in that 20% is really we're going to look at it from two different lenses. One, and you mentioned Protein Solutions and you have some of your specialty proteins, your value proteins that are going into meat alternative products. We're going to continue to look at that business right now. We see it as an important part of our overall offering that we bring to customers because that's oftentimes an entry point in the customers for driving some of our flavor opportunity and other opportunities in the portfolio. With that said, from an ROIC lens, we'll continue to look at it and look at ways to improve the profile of that business. Food designs ex Savory, we see also as an important part of the portfolio going forward. This is all like I said, aligned around our whole Nourish offerings. And if you think about where we're going to really shift to more of an end market focus, in particular around food and beverage, we think that business can really help us to bring a lot of integrated solutions and opportunities to customers going forward. So that's how I would answer it. And we are, though, continuing to stare our portfolio in its entirety through that ROIC lens to make sure we're making the right portfolio choices and putting our resources against the winners that you see on that slide as well.
Frank Clyburn: Yes, Lauren, I'll – good start. Thanks for that question. I think – it's a really great question, an important one. What we've done on is we're really focused on really prioritizing our activities across the company and the management team. First priority, Lauren, is clearly doing everything we can to make sure that we do have the right investments in the innovation that we deliver, in R&D and also making sure we can accelerate our sales performance, and we are spending a lot of time with our commercial teams, working on ensuring good capability build and making sure that we are ready to enhance our pipeline as well as our win rate going forward. So that's priority one, Lauren, and that's a big focus for us. On the cash flow and inventory work, I think we're in a good position. We brought in a new team. Glenn is going to be very intimately involved with our new Head of Operations and our business leaders. We are going to build that into our incentive system, cash conversion this year, Lauren, and we feel as though there is a very good path forward to deliver the short-term because we have to improve our cash flow, and we have to reduce our inventory, and we have a laser focus on making that happen. And I feel like we've got the right team and we're putting in place the right processes to execute against that. That's pretty much number two. And then number three, we are working towards, as you mentioned, getting the organization aligned to more of an end market back view. We are starting that work. We'll have more to communicate here as we go throughout the year. But I feel good by the end of this year, that alignment will be in place and we have the right people, right teams align with our customers. Just one anecdote. Many of our customers that I've spoken to as well as that we've engaged with really like the way we're thinking about operating and aligning IFF to how they're organized. So we think that is something we will focus on. So while there are a lot of activities, think of it three laser-focused priorities the team are aligning behind, Lauren, to execute to your point, to make sure that we can deliver on the future profitable growth agenda that we have, okay. So thank you.
Frank Clyburn: With that, I want first – I want to – yes. Just a couple of last comments, I want to first, thank everyone for joining. Our apologies again on our start. We appreciate everyone hanging in with us. We know this went a little bit longer because of that and we look forward to seeing you here and speaking to you very soon. Thank you, everybody. Have a good rest of the day.
Glenn Richter: Yes. Thanks, Gunther. So first of all, to reconcile for 2022, our GAAP free cash flow was negative $160 million. We had approximately $300 million of deal-related integration restructure. So on a like-for-like adjusted basis, that’s roughly $150 million positive versus the $600 million. So the $450 million difference we had communicated last year – the largest by far is working capital. We were $300 million higher on working capital for the year. The inventory of that driven by higher inventories, the total increase in working capital was nearly $1.1 billion for the full year. So it was a significant drain on our cash flow. We also – the earnings were shorter than we had anticipated, and there were some miscellaneous items, but the largest by far is working capital, which then goes to your question regarding 2023. The big swing for 2023 is largely going to be driven by the working capital area of focus where it was a use of $1 billion plus last year. We expect it to be neutral to slightly positive. The biggest focus there is obviously within the inventories, which is the biggest component of our working capital, and that decision to focus on generating $1 billion plus of adjusted free cash flow will put some pressure on the P&L. So we’re taking a hit for some negative absorption and fixed costs because volumes actually will be lower than sales. So we actually can have a decline of year-over-year production volumes, negative absorption. But basically, that is the big driver. Cash interest, cash taxes, CapEx largely will be flattish year-over-year, but the biggest difference by far is the focus on our working capital and namely inventories.
Glenn Richter: Yes. Good question. We’re anticipating $350 million to $400 million of reduction from volume and about $150 million increase in price. So think about that as basically, I’ll call it roughly $200 million-ish of reduction of absolute inventory, which is $150 million increase in price and about a $300 million increase – or decrease or so driven by volumes.
Glenn Richter: Yes. Josh, good question. So let me unpack the roughly 6% inflation expectation for this year. That’s about 70% raws and zero logistics and the residual 30% energy. Energy, by the way, is highly volatile. So that generally is moving more favorable than when we put the plan together, although an awful lot of our energy pricing is now through surcharges. So we’re sort of hedged one way or the other relative to that. So I’ll focus on the 70%. The other thing I would note that remember the first quarter will be impacted by the inventories from last year. So sort of what hits relative to our cost structure is really already baked into sort of what’s sitting in the plants to some extent. We are expecting actually fairly ratable i.e. price equals costs pretty much quarter-to-quarter relatively neutral. So we’re not expecting any sort of big upside or downside. And part of that’s the pacing of the inventories as well. I would say that we are seeing some early signs of deflation on the raw side. However, there are certain commodities that actually have seen more increases, but I would say that you could maybe be a little cautiously optimistic that we probably have seen the peak of inflation in raws and the back half of the year may be experiencing maybe some deflation, which will be favorable for the business. In general, our pricing is pretty much locked in for the year. Most of our pricing is beginning of the year or contractually based on indices that are tracked. So I think the pricing dynamic, the pricing risk is not as significant relative to what’s locked in. Of course, if there’s a rapid level of deflation in the second half of the year, we would adopt relative to our customer dialogues and pricing actions against that. But I would say I’d have a slight lean towards a little more optimism in terms of the price/cost dynamic this year versus last year.
Glenn Richter: Thanks. Good morning, John. So just a reminder, a year ago, we had talked about four transactions in total with a probability of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion in gross proceeds. We announced the largest of those transactions in Savory Solutions, which will be over $900 million of gross proceeds in the fourth quarter. And we’ve mentioned we have two other sort of in the near window. We do believe one of them circa $200 million more likely than that. It’s not final will be announced within the quarter. The other two deals, which are relatively small, we are putting on hold. The reason is we are, at this point, actually taking a more comprehensive review of our portfolio and want to focus on sort of what makes sense sort of longer term relative to the overall portfolio. So our efforts are really against the larger portfolio opportunities at this point versus the residual. But I do anticipate between the Savory Solutions and the latest probably $1.1 billion-ish or more of gross proceeds. Relative to full year EPS ex amor, it’s likely to be down circa 15% that’s really driven by the dynamics of the first quarter versus prior year. For the balance of the year, it will be flat to modestly up for the last three quarters of the year. Thanks, John.
Glenn Richter: And Mark, I'd add a couple of other items to the Frank's point is, lots of benefits across the portfolio. A lot of our work is on aligning and integrating and maximizing the portfolio. So aligning against three divisions, customer-backed, making sure that we have all the sales and operating teams focusing on the revenue synergies across the how systems work relative to advancing that is important. And then on the simplification of the portfolio, Microbial Controls exit, Savory Solutions. These are businesses that add a lot of complexity. Savory as an example, is a business that has 16,000 customers, 8 different businesses for the ERPs. And to Frank's point, we're going to continue to look at our portfolio and what they may be less core to the overall portfolio as we go forward to continue to simplify as well.
Glenn Richter: Yes, this is Glenn, Jonathan. Relative to the first part of your question, clearly, in the last now 18 months, we have significantly improved the discipline, awareness and processes relative to pricing from tools and cross-training to best practices, to much, much surgical application by customer geography, et cetera. And I think that is here to stay in terms of optimizing the business going forward. Not all segments and regions are created equal. Some have greater ability to price than others and some geographies such as Greater Asia, in general, are more competitive, particularly in this environment. So we're being very, very thoughtful. In general, I would say that the N&B portfolio is about equivalency to the F&F portfolio relative to pricing capabilities or ability to pass through pricing, some of the ingredients portfolio are a little more difficult just given slightly more commoditized nature of this businesses. But I do not think there's really a significant difference in what we've seen from an execution standpoint between the legacy IFF and the legacy DuPont businesses and would again iterate that we've done a lot to actually tremendously sort of advance our capabilities to basically be much, much smarter and surgical in our pricing capabilities.
Glenn Richter: Yes. Hey, thanks, Jeff. Good morning. Good question. So you already harken back a year ago, which seems like a decade ago, we originally had $600 million of inflation, pricing/inflation embedded. What happened is two additional rounds of inflation. So we had another $400 million last year, and we have circa $600 million-ish plus in this year. So there's a lag effect. So we're sort of kind of just running through the cycle from a kind of a timing standpoint and standpoint. We haven't sort of talked about sort of how this flows through the 2024, but I think it's reasonable to assume either a combination of stabilization and some deflation in the environment. On the back end, we will pick it up. So I think that's still a very reasonable assumption over the time horizon. The horizons just extended because there's been more sort of systemic inflation over the last few years than we anticipated at that point in time. Relative, we have – as Frank had mentioned, we have an incremental cost productivity program of $100 million targeted. We expect to get probably circa $70 million of that to hit the P&L this year. We're estimating around $70 million-ish to $75 million of onetime expenses associated with that restructuring.
