Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Rich. Looking to the balance of the year, we continue to believe we can deliver attractive returns to our shareholders. On a currency neutral basis, we expect all of our key financial metrics, sales, adjusted operating profit and adjusted EPS to be in line with our long-term targets. Yet, if global currencies remain where they were in April for the balance of the year, we expect adjusted operating profit and adjusted EPS to grow low to mid single-digits, including the impact of currency as well initiating investments in R&D and commercial resources based on our new strategy to drive long-term growth, which will be communicated in June. For second quarter of 2015, we expect currency neutral sales trends in Flavors to continue, albeit at a level more in line with our long-term target range. In Fragrances, we expect momentum to improve in our Fine business and continue to see good growth in Consumer Fragrances. And while we expect to see improved volume trends in Ingredients over the course of the year, we still expect year-over-year declines in the second quarter. From a profitability perspective, we expect currency to remain a significant headwind in quarter two, which will pressure our reported results. In summary, we have started the year well, as we have achieved all our key financial objectives on a currency neutral basis, while simultaneously investing for the future growth of our business. In addition, with the acquisition of Ottens Flavors, the new site in Chicago and the renovation of South Africa, we continue to reinvest in R&D and commercial initiatives to build competitive advantage longer term. Diversity is not only a strength of IFF, it is a source of our stability. It begins in the way we operate, what we offer and where, and extends to consumers around the world who have made our customers' products part of their everyday lives. This unique profile provides us with the confidence that we should be able to deliver financial results in line with our long-term targets on a currency neutral basis. Before I open it up to questions, I want to take a moment to explain how excited I am about the opportunity to unveil and discuss our refreshed strategy with you on June 2 at our Investor Day here in New York City. It will be a great chance for us to share our 2020 aspirations and speak to the opportunities where we can further differentiate ourselves from the competition and provide innovative solutions for our customers to win in the marketplace. For those interested in attending, I ask that you reach out to Michael to register for the event. My hope is that you will not only have a chance to hear Vision 2020, but also provide you with an opportunity to experience some of our excellent R&D capabilities. With that, we are happy to take your questions.
Andreas Fibig: No. Faiza, this is Andreas speaking. No, we – you should not expect that because it's early days of our, let's say, implementing some of the steps for our refreshed strategy and it will certainly not go above 9%, that's very clear. But we do a couple of strategic hires for the programs we have selected and that's what we will present second of June to you, but it's not that this is crazy for the rest of the year.
Andreas Fibig: And, Faiza, it's so volatile at the moment, the whole market that I think it would be a bit early to talk already about 2016. But let's talk about it when we are later in the year and we know a bit more when particularly the euro will develop.
Andreas Fibig: For the year, you will see some pressure in North America for Ingredients and then that will be a new base for the future.
Andreas Fibig: Mark, good question. We certainly look what can we do to fund the journey internally so that we reallocate some of our resources towards our new programs. And that's what we are doing. Secondly, we certainly look at, let's say, our footprint. And we already have, I would say, a pretty good natural hedge, but we have to look into it whether we can do some of these programs in areas where we have at the moment a euro exposure, like in Europe. And as you well know, we have around about one-third of our employee base in Europe anyway. So that's certainly in the cards to look into it, how we do it in the most efficient and effective way for us. So these are the things we are looking into.
Andreas Fibig: Okay then, let me conclude the call. So we are pretty pleased with our first quarter performance, very robust in terms of 6%, which is certainly outperforming the market, which we expect 3% growth. We have given you our outlook for the rest of the year, so we expect that in currency-neutral terms, we will stick to our guidance. And we certainly have an opportunity, 2nd of June to update you on our, let's say, five-year strategy for 2020. Thank you very much for participating. And I hope I see many of you in New York here on 2nd of June. Thank you and good-bye.
Richard A. O’Leary: Sure. Yeah, Mark, when we talked in March, at that point in time we were probably in a $1.10, $1.12 range – $1.12 or $1.15 range based on the forecast at that point in time. As we indicated in the call, the current outlook is based on a euro rate, based on the April forecast and the April period in time which is about $1.08. So there is a bit of a strengthening. As you said, since the beginning of May, the euro has recovered a bit. That has not been reflected yet in our outlook, in the guidance that we just gave. The underlying fundamentals have not changed significantly in terms of where we are across the business. There can be some mixed impacts country by country. Also, the phasing of the – as I mentioned in the call, the phasing of the hedging contracts are more back-end weighted, and so that's why you're going to see more pressure in the first quarter and the second quarter.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah, Lauren. It had, I'll call it, a modest impact. The estimate is probably about a point impact in growth on the quarter.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. Lauren; you're right. I mean it's probably somewhere between a point – it's probably 1.5 point additional currency headwind based on the current outlook. As Andreas already talked about, reflected the outlook is initiating some of the investments that we've identified to drive long-term growth associated with the strategy. That's now been incorporated into the forecast that was not in the outlook at the beginning of the year as the work had not been identified yet. And I think the other part of it is that we're being, I'm going to say, cautious about some of the pressures that we're seeing in terms of price and input costs, particularly on the Fragrance business, as well as Fragrance Ingredients top line and a little bit of pressure on Fine Fragrances. And so there's a mix impact there also.
Richard A. O’Leary: No. Silke, you also have to remember that we have to look at it on our basis and, basically, the purchase accounting related to the price we paid for it. So there's step-up in the assets and then there's amortization related to that. So I think the impact – we believe that the impact – we still have to finish that assessment -- but we think the impact from an operating profit standpoint will be a modest impact.
Richard A. O’Leary: As we talked about on the last call, where we're seeing the greatest amount of pressure is on the naturals in both businesses and then there's things like patchouli. But the biggest part of our portfolio are the natural ingredients. And that's where we're seeing upward price pressure, particularly in the Fragrance business, and that's more than offsetting any potential benefit we see down the road from oil-related derivatives.
Richard A. O’Leary: There's some pressure on the Ingredients business, on the commodity end of the business. So it was not significant, but was down slightly in the quarter.
Richard A. O’Leary: We repurchased – as I said, we repurchased about $11 million in the first quarter. Our authorization at this point is based on a share price value matrix. And so for the time being, I would expect that that rate would continue given the current price levels or we expect that to continue certainly into the second quarter. We do our annual capital structure review with the board mid-year. But at this point, I would count on a similar rate than what we saw in the first quarter.
Richard A. O’Leary: I think, Faiza to your point, I think the year-over-year performance for Fragrance is there's certainly an impact on the Fine Fragrance side from a mix standpoint. We had very, very strong growth in the year-ago quarter versus negative growth in the current quarter. So that's – I'd say that's probably the biggest impact of it. Second is, as I mentioned earlier, there is pricing input cost pressures which had a negative impact in the quarter. Those are probably the two biggest drivers of year-over-year margins.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. I think you also have different comparables in the second – for the balance of the year last year, some of that will spin to offset each other going forward.
Richard A. O’Leary: At this point, where we are – our hedge program has obviously extended forward from where we talked about earlier in the year. Right now, we're about 40% hedged for all of 2016 at a rate a little bit above $1.10.
Richard A. O’Leary: And, John, from a definitional standpoint, it's sales in the U.S. market, not exports from the U.S. market.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. Curt, I mean, I think there's – we're always looking at – I mean, I think the levers that we can pull are looking at the spend and trying to be focused in terms of where that spend occurs and make sure it's focused on driving the business, whether it's on the R&D innovation side or in the commercial side to drive and accelerate the growth. From a productivity standpoint, we look at opportunities day-to-day in our manufacturing operations, whether it's the capital investments or process improvement, to try to gain some leverage and that's inherent in our model. And so I think those efforts will continue. We may have some pressure near term when you combine currency and in some of these new investments. But long term I think the model still works.
Richard A. O’Leary: Well, we're flat year-over-year as it is in the first quarter. So I think we've always said, look, we're not going to expect to have kind of margin expansion that we had in prior years, that's not possible. I think we're going to be challenged by some of the mix impacts on the Fragrance business, but I think there are some opportunities that we'll look at, but there is some challenges from a timing standpoint.
Matthias Haeni - Group President-Flavors: Thank you, Mark. Well, in China, in line with what we hear from our own customers, we are positively optimistic. We see particularly larger accounts being softer in the overall performance. We see, however, also greater opportunities with smaller sized companies. As you know, we have expanded our footprint in China. We are now closer to smaller sized companies as well, and we are positively optimistic for the remainder of the year.
Matthias Haeni - Group President-Flavors: Yes, for a slight positive growth, Mark. In China, we did not experience quarter-over-quarter declines, with the exception of what we had in Q1, but it was a very modest decline. We also had some discontinued business, which we have started in Q4 last year as we had some business which cost (22:36) very profitable, but we are not going to report it separately. Overall, again, we remain positive. We have some challenges, and I think we are in line with probably what you will hear from our customers across the categories as well.
Matthias Haeni - Group President-Flavors: Thank you, Lauren. Well, in Latin America, it was one of the first regions where we deployed our new technology. That's why also we had a much stronger growth performance versus other regions. We are seeing good traction in other regions as well. In Latin America, it's mainly for Beverages, but the technology as such is also very impactful when it comes to other categories such as gums, for example, where customers constantly are looking for differentiation, but also in Savory. We are very positive that we will see a good traction going forward also in other regions, though I have to say, even the last few quarters, the impact of new wins through this technology is material.
Matthias Haeni - Group President-Flavors: I think it will moderate, but it's not a pipeline filling; it's just a lot of new wins which we had. Unfortunately, I'm not expecting the very same growth dynamics of 20% for the quarters to come. But frankly, while still early in the quarter, we also expect a very solid momentum in Q2 going forward in Latin America.
Matthias Haeni - Group President-Flavors: Good morning. This is Matthias speaking. Well, I cannot give you an exact rate, but I can tell you that majority of new wins are the results of health and wellness solutions. We have fantastic proprietary tools, which help taste – calories-reduced beverages taste better and we constantly make progress. It's not like we have few molecules and we only deploy them and we rely on the success of few of them. Over the last few months and quarters, the teams have made significant progress to come up with additional new solutions. And frankly, we feel really excited. So, first of all, the opportunities which we have; second also on the success rate; and third, on partnering much closer with our customers together.
Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President-Fragrances: Hi, Mark. It's Nicolas. Regarding Fragrances, very solid performance in Q1 for China, and we remain also cautiously optimistic for the remainder of the year, with good performance with global – regional and global accounts.
Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President-Fragrances: Hi, Silke. It's Nicolas. As you remember in Q1 last year, we came out at a very, very strong Q1 performance of 10%, and it was our very strong year-ago performance, especially in Europe of 19% and 29% in North America. So, Q1 faces a tough comparison. Moving forward, we expect momentum to improve in our Fine business.
Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President-Fragrances: Hi, John. It's Nicolas. It's purely external sales and here it's very much targeted towards one specific segment of the market. So, we had some visibility into it and what we decided is not to participate in some lower margin business. And as you know, we have been rationalizing both our portfolio and our footprint in Ingredients, especially in North America. You remember that we had closed our manufacturing unit of August last year because we knew that we will be facing some pressure. So, it was a decision for us not to participate in some specific contracts.
Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President-Fragrances: I think it was easier comp. I mean, if you look at the growth of 10% last year in Q1, you know very well that the market did not grow 10%. And that growth really was primarily driven by new wins, but also by a customer pre-building inventory before the implementation of SAP, something that reversed itself over the course of 2014. So factoring that comparison and looking at the business over a two-year period, performance in Q1 2015 actually accelerated on a two-year average. As such, we will expect our performance to return to growth going forward.
