Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Rich. In summary, despite the challenging global operating environment, our year to-date results are solid, with 4% growth in Flavors and 5% growth in Fragrances. Progressing in quarter four, we expect business trends to improve sequentially versus quarter three, as all of our key financial metrics return to growth on a currency neutral basis. Longer-term, we continue to be focused on the execution of Vision 2020, which is geared towards accelerating our growth, increasing differentiation and driving cost efficiency, which, in turn, should lead to sustainable profitable growth. Our R&D pipeline is the strongest it has been. We are winning in key markets' categories that we have identified as strategic and we are executing our M&A agenda, all of which will lead to greater value creation for our shareholders. With that, I would now like to open up the call to questions.
Andreas Fibig: Maybe, Mark, it's Andreas. I'll take it. We believe it's reasonable on a long term. I believe what's important for us always that we can't manage our business quarter-to-quarter because it's a long-term business here as well. And what we are doing actually to make sure that that we hit our long-term targets is, first of all, we believe that we are capable to produce solid top-line results, given our focus on innovation. Our pipeline, as I said, is actually very strong. It was never as strong as it is right now. Emerging markets, we had a dip in the last, let's say, 18 months. We believe that the emerging markets will eventually come back. Also, the currency situation here was challenging for us, and we're diversifying our portfolio as well. In terms of the mix, I believe we have to focus right now on the mix improvement, which we have done in the past. The fixed cost leverage will help as with the productivity initiatives. And here, I think what's important, and maybe Rich can talk about it, some initiatives are the initiatives we're doing always on manufacturing, but with ZBB, we have now, let's say, a new lever, which we are pulling, but, Rich, you might comment on that one.
Andreas Fibig: And if I might add, one of our pillars in the strategy is actually our M&A ambition. And if we assume for a moment that we close on the Fragrance Resources, we have done actually four deals in the last 15 months, which will roughly add just right now without the growth in the future, $264 million in sales. And they're actually quality assets, which will help us in terms of mix and in terms of diversifying our customer base as well. So that's something, plus the synergies which might come out of these acquisitions, which will help us to achieve our goals. I think all of that taken together, we believe that we can make that.
Andreas Fibig: No. I would say it's just a challenging environment in North America for us at the moment. No, I think that's what I would comment. And that makes it even more important for us that with the two acquisitions, David Michael and Ottens, that we bring it together as our platform for the mid-market, because that's where we see the growth. And that's our main objective right now to become the leader for the mid-market and the smaller customers. And I think when that's happening, you will see growth as well, because now with these two companies in our portfolio, we have enough critical mass to move a big market like North America for us.
Andreas Fibig: It's probably a bit early – that's Andreas taking it, because we will, let's say, integrate these companies fully next year. So, David Michael, we have closed the deal early October. So, we need some time to make sure that we integrate it well into our platform here. It's actually turning then organic in the fourth quarter next year. And the other deal with Fragrance Resources, we will hopefully close early 2017, so it will take some time, I expect let's say, to integrate it very well into our network as well. So, it will help us quite significantly on the top-line growth, as you just outlined, but Rich might comment on the cost side.
Andreas Fibig: And as we always said that, we started last year was our first two acquisitions, we haven't done too many over the last 15 years, but now I think we're getting a little bit more skilled, also integrating these assets into our network and as fast as we can do it, as fast as we can produce results here. So, we are actually pretty well on track with that and I'm very satisfied with our focus we are making on the M&A front here, because that gives us another, let's say, critical mass we can basically play with.
Andreas Fibig: We're actually not, because we keep that platform quite separate in terms of how they act. The only thing we are doing is that we are delivering our technologies to make sure that they can use these more high-tech solutions as well. So dis-synergies, we don't see actually. So now the next thing is actually to combine it with David Michael's because that's important. The good thing is that both companies are in Philadelphia, which makes it much easier than if they would have been in different cities. So no, we don't see dis-synergies and that would be my comment on that.
Andreas Fibig: I probably can take it. I would say, first of all, it depends on the category or on the business. We see still growth in Flavors, but in all parts of the region, there's Europe, Africa, Middle East, and that's one thing. We suddenly see stronger growth in Africa, Middle East here than we see in Western Europe. So, it's not great growth trends we are seeing. In general, also on our Fragrance business, it's slower than what we see in other regions of the world.
Andreas Fibig: Certainly for Fine Fragrance. So, I think it's a tough environment for us. The Brexit, I would say, there's no impact for us right now, despite the currency impact. We are all having it at the moment. And it all depends how finally the deal is negotiated with the UK and the rest of Europe. But right now, I think it's a pretty limited impact we are seeing.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you very much for everybody participating. Thank you for the vivid Q&A, and we see each other, or talk to each other, for the next call. Thank you. Have a good day.
Richard A. O’Leary: Okay. Thanks, Mark. More clearly, as I talked about last year in the current situation, productivity gains are clearly a key component of our financial algorithm. When we do better, we have more ability to reinvest. When we don't, we've got to adjust our spending and control our costs. The combination of volume growth and productivity gains are really what drive the foundation of our P&L leverage, and we've got to manage all three of those dynamics, volume growth, productivity and how much we reinvest and invest in the business. In the current environment, as you've seen, it's challenged. Growth is below our historical trends and below our long-term financial long-term guidance. And, as a result, we've had to adjust how we allocate those resources.
Richard A. O’Leary: Sure. Thanks, Andreas. Yeah. I mean, for me, as Andreas mentioned earlier, we've got to look at both the short-term profitability, but also make sure we protect the long-term growth prospects and strategy of the business. And, look, clearly, we're under-delivering in 2016 versus our long-term targets. We're not going to be able to make that up overnight. And we're still in the early stages or still in the stages of planning for next year. But I think as Andreas talked about, focusing on innovation, those are things that drive expansion of our gross margins, as with the productivity gains. ZBB, that's part of the strategic investments we made during this year. We are starting to embed that in the organization and we'll start to get benefits. We've seen some of the benefits this year, but I think it will continue to ramp up next year into the future. And I think we've got to look at everything we do and look at our business model on a broad basis. How do we operate and how do we leverage our capabilities across the business. How do we continue to drive process efficiency, at a functional level. And all those things will enable us to manage our cost structure and provide the balance between profitability and our ability to reinvest and grow the business on a long-term basis.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah, Lauren, from a category standpoint, I'd say Beverage was down. And on the other side, Savory and Sweet were up slightly, but not enough to offset the weakness that we saw in Beverage.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah, sure. I mean, it's a combination of factors, Lauren. I think we saw price input pressures in both businesses. On the Flavor side, it's really driven by the price increases on naturals, and the inventory levels that we have, where we're experiencing the impacts of those very, very quickly. Vanilla is certainly one of the key aspects that we're seeing that pressure. As Andreas talked about, I mean, the acquisition of David Michael will help us on that aspect. On the Fragrance side, it's really a of couple things. One, from a pricing standpoint, it's been more about pricing pressure from a customer standpoint. And then, the second piece is really related to our Ingredients business, being aware we've wanted to address the declines in that business. And we've gone and looked at our go-to-market strategy. And we want to protect our market share more aggressively. And so we've had to adjust pricing accordingly. On the compound side, it's more about pricing pressure from the customers and what's necessary to defend the business that we have today.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah, Lauren, I don't want to go into too much detail. I mean, we'll have more clarity in February, but I would say that what we're seeing today and what we expect today, that input costs will be up next year; not huge amounts, like we've seen in the past, but it's going to be up. And that's principally going to be driven by naturals in both businesses, as well as some of the downstream effects of oil-related derivatives as we've gone from $30, $40 a barrel up to $50 a barrel.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah, I think, as I mentioned earlier on Mark's question, we're going to have to look at productivity and what we can do from a productivity standpoint at the manufacturing level. We're going to have to look at what we can do to simplify and streamline the organization and the overhead levels. And we're going to look towards, as I mentioned earlier, benefits associated with embedding ZBB-type principles across the organization. And all three of those things are going to enable us to, as I said earlier, manage the dynamic between profitability growth, our expectations and our ability to invest in the business long term.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah, as I said in my remarks earlier, for Q4, operating profit leverage, in Q4, will be better than top line. I think that that's despite the incentive comp reset that I mentioned earlier. I think short, medium term, we still expect to see pressures on sales mix. Fine Fragrances is still going to be pressured, and I think, you think about early next year, Q1 was the strongest quarter we had for Fine, and so, I think it's going to be very challenging as we start next year. So, as we look into next year, we're planning and we're acting on a conservative basis, and I don't think that we're sitting here saying that there is going to be a robust environment or robust recovery next year.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. So, Mike, from a profitability standpoint, EPS, I think as you saw in our commentary, we expect it to be EPS accretive, but it's not going to be anywhere near that impact from a profit standpoint, because we're going to have this step-up in basis. And so, as we saw with Lucas Meyer, as we saw with Ottens, particularly early on, it's not going to have much of an impact at all on operating profit, depending upon what comes out of the valuation work. On a cash basis, sort of an EBITDA basis, it certainly will be more positive. And then over time, as Andreas alluded to, as we're able to integrate the two acquisitions and drive the business rationale and the synergies, we'll be able to start to get more and more of an impact on an operating profit basis.
Richard A. O’Leary: I think some of it is, as we talked about, alluded to earlier, I mean, I think the win performance in both businesses is pretty good, but particularly on the Flavors side, the lifecycle of those wins has been shorter than what we've seen in the past, so the erosion impact is principally what's driving down or pressuring the performance year-over-year.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. I mean, the drivers really are two things. One, you saw in the Q that we have a case going on and we're actively pursuing that and vigorously defending that, but that costs money. And as we prepare for trial, potential trial, early next year, we're getting prepared around. That's a piece of it. The bigger piece of that is really related to the REACH requirements in the fragrance business and it goes through a cycle where there is another – the next cycle is in 2018. And so we have to prepare for the registrations now, when we incur cost this year, we incur it again next year. And then the following year, potentially we get a little bit of money back from other companies that use our products. But it's really the registration and compliance costs associated with our materials that we operate within the European environment.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. So, Faiza, I think as I mentioned earlier, I think one market, I think, is pressured and certainly, certain key clients. The lifecycle on the wins was another factor. I think we expect to see improvement in a strong rebound in Q4. So, I think it's more short-term than we think anything long-term or structural.
Richard A. O’Leary: Sure. No problem. I think it is primarily manufacturing yields in the Ingredients business that I alluded to earlier. Q3 last year was a very strong result, so I would say above average productivity. Our planning was to expect this to be more or less more in line with historical trends, so on average. And we came in below that in the quarter. So, the year-over-year impact is bigger than the absolute impact. I don't think it's structural. I think there is a lot going on in the Fragrance and Ingredient business, in terms of the runs and the product mix, which we're working through and working to optimize, but I don't think it's a long-term challenge. I think it's certainly the big impact was a function of year-over-year performance going two different directions.
Richard A. O’Leary: No, 50% – Silke, let's come back on that one offline. But, I mean, I think if you look at kind of the amortization levels that are in the Q, that we provide visibility in the Q and in the press release, I would expect similar levels. I mean, obviously, we have to go through the details.
Richard A. O’Leary: Over the next several quarters, but that I think that overall profitability is the two businesses are pretty close to our existing businesses. And I think the existing amortization levels for Ottens and Lucas Meyer is a close enough proxy to use to try to estimate what the EBITDA levels are.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. Certainly, not short term, but long term, I think it should be. Again, it's our core business and there is no reason why it shouldn't be similar to what our existing business is.
Richard A. O’Leary: From a strategic investment standpoint, some of that work was related to embedding in the ZBB principles. And, as I mentioned earlier, we'll expect to begin to get those benefits next year. And I would expect those things to continue to build over the medium and long term. I'm not ready to say today exactly what those are, but we're going to get benefits related to that. Another key part of the strategic investments is more the overall profitability of the business and leverage not only at the operating profit line but at the EPS line.
Richard A. O’Leary: I think that, year-over-year, the level of investment will likely go down a little bit next year versus this year. It's part of the dynamic that I mentioned earlier of managing strategic investments versus growth versus reinvestment in the business. And we've got to work with the entire management team in working that balance. And so part of that will be moving those three levers, but I do expect some of those costs to come down year-over-year.
Richard A. O’Leary: And then, I think the other thing on consumer is, we mentioned early about one of our large customers, and so, I think that's in the short and medium term, that's something that we have to work through.
Richard A. O’Leary: So, I think, Fine, we talked about the issues with the customer, but I think we are seeing buying pressure and erosion in one of our big consumer Fragrance customers that we have to work through. And that's not going to be lapped yet.
Richard A. O’Leary: Sure, no problem. I think, as I said earlier, I mean, Fine is our most profitable category on the fragrance side. Beverage is the most profitable category on the flavor side. And both of those were pressured in Q3. I'm not going to provide details in terms of how much that is, but they're well above average. So the mix impact is a significant pressure, and you saw in the quarter what kind of impact that can have.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. I mean, we try to strip that out and so but it's a complex supply chain in term of where it can go. We start at the ingredients plants and go through our ingredient plant network and then through compounds plant, so there is a time lag impact. There is a multiple currency impact. We do our best to try to isolate that and pull that out of the individual drivers. So, what you see in terms of, as we talk about volume, price mix is our best estimates on ex-currency.
Richard A. O’Leary: I think, Gunther, as I mentioned earlier, we do expect to see modest input cost pressures next year. There, we do have strategic stocks similar to our competitors. The exact strategy may not be the same. And so it's hard for me to comment versus what we're doing versus they're doing. As I had mentioned earlier in my comments, one of the key things that we're seeing pressure on the flavor side is on vanilla. David Michael has a tremendous amount of experience in that area. And we're already looking to leverage that to help us in that market going forward. So we do work with our procurement teams in terms of looking out 6 to 12 months on a rolling basis and make decisions around strategic stocks. Some of it can be driven by the mix of the business now.
Richard A. O’Leary: No. I think, Heidi, clearly, our objective and our strategy has always been to cover our costs. It has an impact. It can have an impact on our margins, because as we recover it, by sort of the pure math of that, it can have a dilutive effect on our margins. The market is tough right now, that I mentioned earlier, with certain categories of customers, but our objective is always to cover the costs.
