Hernan Vaisman: Thank you, Doug. Good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to say that local currency sales in the first quarter increased 8% over the comparable 2009 period, marking the 19th consecutive quarter of local currency growth. Our strong performance was led by double-digit growth in Europe, Africa, Middle East and Greater Asia regions, as increased volumes and new business dropped results. In North America, local currency sales declined 1% due to the overall drop in volume which was not upset by new successes. While we hope for better results, we are prepared to put this one quarter performance with the overall context of the strong growth we have seen in North America over the last years and especially versus our most difficult comparison of 2009 of flat 6% growth. We continue to feel good about our long-term share growth opportunities in these regions as we work with our customers and new business opportunities. In EAME, local currency sales increased 12% year-over-year, as both categories were positive. In particular, the Flavors category continues to perform very well as new wins and stronger volumes are giving results. This marks the second consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in these categories. Regionally, it was high single-digit growth in developed countries while developing European markets grew at double-digit growth. Africa, our Middle East market posted high double-digit growth into new wins and higher volumes across all categories. Sales in Latin America have reversed recent trends, growing 6% as new business and volume recovering Savory, Confectionary and Dairy offset the loss of non-strategic business that began in third quarter of 2009. We finished extremely positive above these results and we expect an accelerating growth base in the second semester due to critical wins in key categories. Lastly, in Greater Asia, local currency sales were up 14%, as every category recorded impressive double-digit growth. The great momentum of our business in India, China and most Asian countries contributed substantially to the double-digit growth in this important part of the world. This was fueled by higher volumes and new wins across all categories and strategic customers. While our track record of local currency sales growth is impressive, the level reported in the first quarter of 2010 marks one of the highest achievements. The Flavors teams continued to do an excellent job capitalizing on new business opportunities to drive above-market growth. Further, our outstanding consumer understanding, unique product portfolio and differentiating test solutions help us to fully support our customers from positioning, making the effect the unique department in the creation of winning consumer products. Turning to profit, Flavors operating profit in the quarter was very strong, increasing 17%, or $9 million to $62 million. This increase can be attributed to accelerated sales growth, improving input cost dynamic and our continuous success in improving our efficiencies. As a result, operating profit margin continued to improve, increasing 60 basis points to 20.5% versus 19.9% in the prior year period. While we are very early in Q1 – in Q2, sorry, we have started the quarter with good momentum. While it remains difficult to predict some element of our performance due to the volatility in our customer ordering patterns. We do expect to see solid local currencies – solid local currencies sales growth, that when combined with our continued focus on improving efficiency to result in continued margin improvement. Now I would like to turn the call over to Global President of Fragrances Mirzayantz, who will provide an update on the Fragrance business.
Hernan Vaisman: We see (inaudible) I mean, we see, as I mentioned before, we are gaining momentum in the developing markets. I think that all economies are performing well as well as our businesses and in terms of the developing markets, I mean, we don't know exactly going to happen and what it's going to be restocking or not. Their source will be depending in our ability to win business. So far we see dimension to be still very strong, even in those markets.
Hernan Vaisman: Well, I think you said it, Kevin, really, really fine. Regarding your question, the impact of this non-strategic business and profit of the Flavors. I mean, basically, I said non-strategic because it was not part of the core business. On the other hand, it was not a high margin business. So, the impact is really, wasn't seriously minimum in this sense. Regarding North America, as I mentioned before, you have to consider the context. I mean the first quarter 2009 was very strong, was 6%, was in the middle of a crisis with really outstanding results. Now going forward, I mean, we are feeling confident. As I mentioned, the pipeline is strong. In some way, we understand that the low performance in the first quarter was because some, I mean, there were some delaying launches for our customers, now are coming through. That's why our expectations into North America are very possible.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Thank you, Hernan, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. In Q1, local currency sales grew 18% year-over-year marking the third consecutive quarter of growth. Overall growth can be attributed to the (inaudible) strong base of new wins, some elements of customer and retailer restocking, improvement in underlying demand and favorable comparisons versus a year-ago period. In terms of performance, we grew double-digit in all regions, as well as every category. In the Fine Fragrance and Beauty Care category, local currency sales grew 28%. Fine Fragrance has reversed its recent trends, growing very strong double-digits. The success can be accredited to the team's constant commitment to win new business and grow market share position. In 2009, our Fine Fragrance team was successful in maintaining our market share and showed the ability to win new business by securing many of the key launches of 2010. This combination has proven to be beneficial in Q1. When new business gains has helped support the strong Fine Fragrance results, I believe it is important to note that a portion of this improvement can be attributed to favorable comparisons as well as elements of customer and retailer restocking. While the elements of restocking are difficult to predict, I am confident that our team will continue to perform well, driven by our strong new business performance. Turning to Beauty Care, the momentum we experienced in the second half of 2009 continued in 2010. For the fifth consecutive quarter, we have seen accelerated growth in the Beauty Care category as both Hair Care and Toiletries increased double digits. The strong performance can be attributed to successful introductions within key regions. Functional Fragrance once again performed very well growing 10%, as Fabric Care performance remains strong. Our success continues to be accredited to a long standing expertise and continued investment in consumer insight within the key emerging market as well as Europe. This investment in category expertise are the primary drivers behind our consistent above-market growth. In addition, Home Care and Personal Wash also exhibited solid growth. Finally, Fragrance Ingredient sales also improved. Local currency sales increased 21%, reflecting an underlying improvement in demand, some elements of customer's restocking and a favorable comparison versus a year-ago period. Continuing on the trends since last year, the emerging markets of Brazil, Russia, India and China drove strong results. In this market, Hair Care, Fabric Care and Personal Wash continue to drive strong double-digit results. While this trend is impressive, I'd like to note that the developed markets of Europe and North America have also grown strong double-digits. I'm very proud of all Fragrance employees around the world as they accomplished great success in the first quarter. From a profitability standpoint, adjusted operating profit grew an impressive 66% or $24 million to $61 million, excluding a $5 million expense related to a previously announced European facilities rationalization. As a result, adjusted operating profit margin for the quarter increased 470 basis points to 17.2% as higher volumes, moderating input cost and benefits from previous cost reductions initiatives drove the impressive performance. As we look toward Q2 and beyond, we do note that our underlying business trends remain strong. While these trends have helped support our strong business results, it is important to note that a portion of this improvement can be attributed to customer and retailer restocking. While it's difficult to predict the effort of restocking for the balance of the year, we do not expect that these benefits will continue as our customers reach their targeted inventory levels going forward. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Kevin.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Good morning, Mike, it's Nicolas. I would echo Doug's comments. I think that the restocking dynamic has been obviously much more pronounced in Fine Fragrance and Ingredients. We're still seeing a bit of that trend in Q2, but we have no more visibility as our customers as far as, in fact, for the second half of the year. But it's really mostly related to these two categories.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Good morning, Lauren. It's Nicolas. In Q1 last year, we did experience very strong growth of 8% in North America. Functional Fragrances was a very strong pipeline of new introduction. I think here we're dealing with phasing of introduction and reordering patterns. So I think that it's really related to this quarter and strong comparable as in 2009. So we believe that the underlying trends of the business are still positive.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: We talked about the Fine being around 10% of the total portfolio of IFF. And we're not really dissimilar from that number currently. I think certainly there was a soft – a softness to that business over 2009. And we've caught back up to our numbers in the first quarter of 2009 for all intents and purposes. Given the strong performance that we saw in that particular category in first quarter 2010.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Okay. So then your other question, as it relates to just, let's call it destocking by the consumer. Is that…
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Well, on a, versus year-over-year performance, I think that we saw good solid growth across all of the categories. It wasn't necessarily a one particular category where we saw this one significantly more profitable this year than last year on a gross margin basis. So effectively, we saw good profitability improvements across the portfolio. A lot of it was driven by the growth leverage we had.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Mike, it's Nicolas, indeed you're right. Mother's Day and Christmas are the two most important milestone in terms of sales opportunity for the brands we're partnering with. We don't have yet any sense of the buoyancy of that period right now. But we are definitely part of sole, one of the drivers behind restocking to make sure the retailers and customers were ready in case the consumer demand and consumer confidence was really there to lead the sales.
Doug Tough: Well, I'll take a stab at that and then I would invite Hernan and Nicolas to weigh in, Mike. I don't think there is any clarity as to the level of restocking that really has occurred in the context of inventory changes. I make that comment both because we broadly discussed that internally, obviously. But also taking the opportunity to read many of our competitors and our customers their fellow first quarter results and they're all uncertain about the level of restocking. I think the important point though is – really two, number one is the restocking elements in some parts of the world don't ever seem to have ever occurred. There wasn't destocking, per se in some parts of Asia and Latin America. Those economies continue to be robust. So the buoyancy that Hernan and Nicolas talked about, we've seen that buoyancy off of a sustaining inventory platform which is obviously very encouraging. I think it may be a different story in parts of Europe, particularly Western Europe, as well as in North America, where there was some destocking, but the finger on the pulse of how much restocking is going to occur. It's just not to be defined. I think it is important though that they all talk about the buoyancy we're seeing in H2 or in Q2, so far, and it's early. Nevertheless, it gives us confidence if there's real momentum as well as some elements of restocking. I'd invite Hernan and Nicolas to add to that.
Doug Tough: Well, I think innovation was key. My sense is it's – even gets dialed up more recently as we come out of some of the recession and the difficulties in getting prices, particularly at the retail level by some of our customers has ramped up, therefore their quest for innovation, which might provide the opportunity for a price increase. Certainly from – I've been in a number of businesses in the consumer area and that quest for innovation has always been there or since, it seems a little bit stronger now. But while I probably feel particularly good in my early days so far here is really a function of the alignment, if you will, simpatico that exists between IFF and their various groups and our customers of both regional and the global customers that I've met. And there's quite a lot already. Their, their needs are well articulated. They're aligned with our groups. So, I think that the number of wins that our – Nicolas and Hernan have talked about today is indicative that we’re fulfilling that innovation request from our customers. And that alignment is uppermost in our minds and make sure we continue that.
Doug Tough: Sure, Mike, I do think your hypothesis is broadly correct. There's been an improvement that I would – between January and I was involved to a degree with IFF at the time with my other organization as well. The sentiment has improved overall. I'd say it nevertheless is mercurial and fluid and things around the world – parts of the world remain very dynamic. So, we'll be extremely cautious about, as Kevin already articulated. We'll be cautious about the investments and the things we do. I think IFF is blessed with the diversity of its geographic footprint and its portfolio of businesses because sentiments that I've seen in Asia and in Latin America were positive then and they remain positive now and there's been a relative improvement in particularly North America and I'd say to a lesser extent in Europe but nevertheless, directionally going that way. But here in North America, there is an improvement, the customer propensity for new products and investment. Both born out of the need to win back customers exists but the overall trend seems to be our friend everywhere. But as I say, I'm probably most pleased by the footprint that IFF has that, it hasn't – We're trying to go, if you will, from strength to strength in some parts of the world, while in other parts of the world, there's an economic rebound and we're a part of that.
Doug Tough: I would only add, certainly on the Flavors side of the business, the opportunities to influence consumer trends of health, wellness, nutrition and so on, which are very much at the forefront of our customers agendas equally are on the forefront of ours. Obviously, we're not positioned nor would we divulge any intellectual property issues, with some of the technological opportunities that Kevin referenced. We'll be right up the alley of the health, wellness, nutrition and so on. And the willingness, I think, to sell those at better margins is both within our ambit and frankly, right up the alley of what the customer wants to do also. I'm optimistic we can achieve some of that and it would always be our goal to improve margin with innovation and new products.
Doug Tough: Thank you all for your attendance and participation today. Look forward to talking to you in three months. Thank you.
Kevin Berryman: Mike, this is Kevin. Let me take a stab at that. I think, look, we're early into Q2, is the first point I would make and although there's some buoyancy to, to how we started at the end of the day, we're not prepared to really fundamentally talk to, to a number that is, is going to be approaching the, kind of, growth rates we've seen in Q1. We started, we started well. We liked the picture that we've seen so far, but we're early in the quarter and I think it's important for us to communicate that to you. I do think that depending upon how it plays out. There would be an expectation if we continue to have some good growth that we would continue to have some good profitability associated with that. So, I think that's a general comment I would make. And we'll see how the second quarter plays out and we liked how it started and we'll see how we end.
Kevin Berryman: Hey, Mark, this is Kevin. Let me – a few preliminary comments. I'll hand it over to Hernan for some additional follow-up. In our third quarter call last year, we talked about the decision on the strategic side for the Flavors business in Latin America and we had talked about actually how our expectations at that point in time is. Even though, we were doing that, we thought we would be able to offset that loss by some strong underlying performance in the rest of the portfolio. That actually didn't end up occurring in Q4. We were off by one quarter, I guess, but what I think you're seeing in Q1 is again, the actual results tying into our feeling that the underlying strength of the portfolio was pretty strong and we would be able to more than offset some of that lost strategic business. And I think that, that, we're seeing with that good solid single-digit growth number for Latin America and Flavors, I think you're seeing that. So the momentum's good there and we start to lap against the new base, really in third quarter. So you'll start to see probably some better numbers in the Flavors at that point in time, but I'll turn it over to Hernan if there is any other comments.
Kevin Berryman: I'll make some preliminary comments and then turn it over to the two business presidents if they want to augment it or make any additional comments. At the end of the day, as we enter into some of our relationships with our customers on, on specific, with their, their portfolio of products. We, we lock in and that business is, is certainly in place for depending upon the specific opportunities, can be two, three, four or five years thing. And we do look when we get significant volatility and input costs, we will look to partner with our customers to talk through that as it relates to issues on input costs, acceleration. And we did that in 2009 as you might recall. The other piece that's important to note is that on our financing, excuse me, Fragrance Ingredients business. That is a business that we do price more aligned with some of the input cost dynamics that are occurring in the marketplace. So, to the extent some of our, what's called more oil-based related input costs associated with the Fragrance Ingredients business. If we continue to have upward trends in, in oil-related costs, we will adjust prices in our Fragrance Ingredients portfolio consistent with what the market will bear. So it's – that's kind of the overlying dynamic. Back to the point as it relates to 2010 and fourth quarter, we continue to believe we're going to be positive as it relates to our input cost dynamics over the course of the year. It's just that we think that positive picture that we're seeing in Q1, for example, will start to probably reduce by the end of the year. But it's still expected to be positive.
Kevin Berryman: Let me clarify your question, John. You said functional ingredients and I'm interpreting that as Fragrance Ingredients.
Kevin Berryman: We don't talk at that level of detail, but, but certainly we saw some, some improvement in the Fine business and there was some element of mix that, that helped in that endeavor. We've told you in the pass that Fine is a nicely profitable business so there was some benefit of mix. And certainly given the very strong growth that the fragrance business had, you got good, good fixed cost leverage and so that was a big driver to the numbers. Got good gross margin improvement as well but at the same todken, there was a big chunk of fixed cost leverage that we saw there.
Kevin Berryman: Mike, you've appropriately identified the continued work on our cost structure and that is, the reorganization that we alluded to in the prepared comments, which is effectively getting us close to 100 basis points of incremental profitability. But I think that we're going to continue to be diligent in terms of ensuring that we're going to have growth – fixed cost leverage. We're going to look to ensure that we continue to have growth and that growth element requires us to make investments at particular points in times. So that may dampen a little bit of that but at the end of the day, I think that is very clearly, our thinking that we would be diligent, we'll be focused and disciplined as it relates to making those investments so we ensure that we have top line growth. I think the other point is that there is a significant increase in some of the incentive numbers we have in this particular quarter because we are very low last year, higher this year. So, if you look at, like a new standard base, some of the costs that you're seeing in RSA won't necessarily be at those levels assuming we continue to be more a normalized level incentive comp over the long haul. That'll be a piece of it, too. So, the first thing is, the $17 million to $20 million in 2011, the next piece is how incentive fits into the picture. Its variable right now that's because we're recovering from such low levels. The rest of it is our continued drive for improvements in gross margins and discipline in the management of our fixed cost structure.
Kevin Berryman: Mark, I'll take a stab at that and then I'll ask if anyone wants to add additional points to it. I think that not necessarily in our numbers today can we point to significant increases in margins as it relates to the new portfolio. It's a mixture. Some of our new wins, obviously if it's in the Fine areas is going to be a driver to incremental mixed benefits. And certainly, the technology and to the extent we bring that to bear in terms of the new efforts that, that lends itself potentially to a longer improvements in margins. So, I think, to Doug's point, innovation's going to continue to be key. It would be the lifeblood of us to be able to maintain our margins and improve them overtime but that's got to be one element of our efforts. The second part, which I've talked about in the past and I continue to talk about is our continued discipline in the management of our, say our controllable cost structure. And I think the business units have continued to do a great job over the course of the last 18 months. That's going to be an important element for us to continue to be able to do that in the future.
