Hernan Vaisman: Thank you, Doug, and hi, everyone. I’m very happy to report that local currency sales in the fourth-quarter increased 11%. Most regions reported double-digit growth. A very strong performance was once again driven by increased volumes on new business means across all categories. The strong trends in Greater Asia continued into the fourth-quarter as every category reported double-digit growth. From a regional perspective, our three largest Greater Asia markets, China, Indonesia, and India combined grew an impressive 18%. In the developed markets of North America and EAME, double-digit growth in Savory and Confectionary growth [ph] results. Our strong performance in Europe can be credited to our new EU regulatory approved to our natural flavors profile. Real introduction of these profiles enabled our customer to accelerate the development of their products to comply with a new legislation, while meeting the consumer demand for more natural products. Our performance in Latin America was strong as Confectionary, Savory and Dairy all grew double-digits. On a full-year basis, local currency sales increased 10%. In Greater Asia and EAME, nearly, all categories experienced double-digit growth. In North America, increased volumes, and new business wins in Savory and Confectionary, drove results. In Latin America, new business wins and volume recovery in Savory, Confectionary and Dairy more than offset the loss of non-strategic business. Our strong positions in the emerging markets continue to pay dividends, as these regions grew 14% in the fourth-quarter and the full-year. In the key emerging markets, such as the BRIC countries, we grew nearly 20%. In Eastern Europe, the growth was impressive as Poland, Russia, Hungary combined doing excess 35%. As a result, our emerging market percent in Flavor has grown to approximately to 48% of sales in the fourth-quarter, a position that I expect will provide greater opportunities for growth in the future. From an R&D perspective, our innovative technologies such as sweetness enhancement and salt reduction were the components behind our new win performance. External collaborations such as our agreement with Redpoint Bio and our recently announced partnership with Evolva Holdings are long-term initiatives that are on the way to capture incremental sales and wellness opportunities. Adjusted operating profit increased $7 million to $54 million as strong sales growth and margin improvement initiative drove results. As a result, adjusted operating profit margin improved 50 basis points to 17.9%. Looking ahead, I expect that local currency sales growth will begin to normalize in the first-quarter as our year-over-year comparatives become more challenging. In addition, our efforts of focus on profitable categories could have a modest impact on our sales figures. Nevertheless, on a full-year basis, it is my expectation that our new win performance will continue to drive solid local currency sales and profit growth. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to Nicolas Mirzayantz our Group President of Fragrances.
Hernan Vaisman: Yes, as Doug explained, we’re already discussing with customers and as he mentioned, this is one-by-one, you have different impact in the costs. We will see some recovery in price by this quarter, but we can’t precise exactly what will be the amount that we’ll be recovering.
Hernan Vaisman: Yes. Definitely, we expect a switch between the high value products in term of innovation to more affordable products. So far we haven’t seen the market this kind of approach, but definitely, following experience that we had in the past, whenever you have this kind of price increases on specific raw materials, we’ll have these kind of request. In terms of how it’s going to really affect the effective trade, I strongly believe I mean following what went through many years, we’ve a very solid tool box to help our customers to go through this kind of price increase on their costs side.
Hernan Vaisman: In a similar direction, I think in Flavors we see also a very strong pipeline. As I mentioned before, and also mentioned by Doug, these trends of health and awareness and naturals really help us to have a material increase in the pipeline and also help us to increase our success rate. Having said that, and as I mentioned before, when you have these kind of increases in commodities, the companies might start looking for different kind of approach in the product portfolio, but for the time being and following what we’ve today is very solid.
Hernan Vaisman: Yes, of course. As I mentioned before, we’ve a very good year in North America. We have very good and solid wins in the health and wellness arena. So on top of it better economic situation really help us to really deliver a good solid growth in North America. So basically, the new wins and higher volumes.
Hernan Vaisman: No, I think this is what you mentioned, Kevin, I mean we always have increases on to our customers when you have this kind of price increases. You cannot really absorb such increase. I mean definitely will have a very negative impact. So I don’t know where the comment comes from, but definitely, we always have price existing and new businesses accordingly.
Doug Tough: Thank you, Kevin and Nicolas and Hernan for the comprehensive review of Q4 and our full-year 2010 results. Looking ahead we expect local currency sales to be in line with our long-term targets in 2011 albeit that the quality of our growth will be better as we’ve begun exiting some lower margin businesses. We believe that our team’s ability to continue to win new business will be an important driver of results going forward while we are facing our most challenging year-over-year comparables in the first half we are off to a good start. We do expect input cost will rise in 2011. It is our expectation related to proactive pricing manufacturing efficiency and other internal cost of disciplines as well as the $17 million to $20 million savings from our European manufacturing restructuring should offset the pressures. From an RSA standpoint we’ll continue to be disciplined in the management of fixed cost. Some of the impacts we faced in 2010 in particular incentive compensation expense should transition to reflect more normalized business trends. We also plan to make investments to support future growth particularly in the areas identified in our strategic review. We’re incorporating our strategic findings to accelerate our growth in the right categories, regions and customers and improve our overall profitability by implementing margin enhancing solutions such as cost reduction or changes to pricing on parts of the portfolio that are under performing. Overall top-line growth maybe slightly impacted but some of these initiatives however the reduction will be in underperforming categories and customers. As a result of the above mentioned commentary, we are optimistic in our ability to deliver results that will approach our long-term financial targets. In summary, 2010 was a strong year at IFF, both from a financial perspective and a learning perspective. Our double-digit top-line and bottom-line performance is a testament to the company’s potential. Thanks in large part to the hard work and dedication across the entire organization, we’re able to deliver record results across almost all of our financial metrics. The IFF people worked very hard in establishing customer intimacy so that we understand our customers’ needs today and in the future. Those excellent relationships enabled us to achieve a heightened level of satisfaction and R&D success with our customers. We’ll look to sustain and improve that customer intimacy to continue to win in the marketplace. We also work diligently to fully understand where we are creating value and where we are destroying it. We’ve begun to incorporate those findings into our 2011 plan, as we expect to maximize those areas that provide the greatest opportunities, improve those areas that are more challenged. We believe the insights gained from our strategy review will provide additional opportunities as to how we drive incremental value longer-term for our shareholders. Looking at 2011, we’re optimistic about our growth prospects and the potential financial results that we can deliver. With that, we’d be happy to take any questions you may have. Thank you.
Doug Tough: I think we had noted, Mark, in past conference calls, we saw some of the cost pressures coming, so some of the pricing discussions have already started with our customers. Having said that, the acceleration in cost pressures came more swiftly than first anticipated and will necessitate pricing discussions at an even escalated level from where we’re. Those discussions are ongoing and they will vary customer to customer and region to region as well as almost product to product. Over the course of the first half, we’ll be having all these discussions and the implementation of the timing is going to vary. And I’ll invite Hernan or Nicolas to talk further if they want.
Doug Tough: Well, I think from a pricing point of view with customers, no customer is necessarily looking for a price increase, but the good news is there is such visibility in the category as well as across a lot of categories and a lot of companies whether it’s oil as well as apparel companies, there’s pressure all around the globe right now, so the customers are aware of it. Nicolas, moment ago mentioned the word ‘transparency’ with our customers. We execute that transparency with sharing with them the cost information, which is in the public domain, so they have a good grasp of the factors at work. So, the receptivity to it is well understood.
Doug Tough: John, the element of sales that you call questionable is unfortunately for us in the modest sector. Most of the business came through very positively though in both Flavors and Fragrances there are opportunities. The good news though there are different ways to attack the problem. Some of it maybe through pricing, some of it through the concept of what does it cost to serve the customer. So where we’ve mentioned there will be a higher quality of sales, we’ve nevertheless still indicated that we’d expect to be in the 4% range plus in terms of top-line where we’ve been so, it’s a better quality, there will be some reduction but it’s at a modest level.
Doug Tough: Well, I think Hernan will be able to talk to this well, but I’ll start. So far, as they are very much expecting us to come forward with innovation, ideas and ways to mitigate against this commodity cost pressure, and that’s where our consumer insights comes in, identifying things like health and wellness and nutrition, which has been particularly picked up by our Flavors Group. And I’d really like Hernan to talk about in more depth.
Doug Tough: You’re right that we’ve a broad basket of goods and some are more critical than others. We probably see the pressures unfolding is in the mid-to-high single-digits overall for the basket of goods, but I wouldn’t want to say we saw some of this coming before and some of the pricing actions that we’ve already taken are going to mitigate some of that.
Doug Tough: Sure. Mike, let me some of it and then I’ll ask Kevin to address some subsections of it. Really, from an overall market growth point of view, the world is really made up of many different parts. And the emerging markets obviously growing more rigorously than the developed market, so, these are generalizations that we are foreseeing maybe a point or so of growth, two points max in developed, we’d be seeing at least triple that in the emerging markets, and we are well-positioned in the emerging markets and investing there, so that will be a big chunk of our growth going forward, which is why we’ve held on to the 4% plus local currency growth this year. So, it’s made up of different parts and to come to that overall standpoint. We think we’ve higher comparables. The way Nicolas already mentioned in half one, but in looking at the business we think there is going to be a robust performance really throughout the year. Some of that’s been addressed by my comrades here in the context of wins, and the pipeline of innovation we’ve already got, so the confidence level in the top line is quite robust. You raised an EPS question, I’ll ask Kevin to talk about that, Mike.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Mark, with same trend in Fragrances, as we had some visibility on some additional pressure on input cost, we have engaged with our customers providing great transparency as far as what were the key drivers of input costs and as Doug was mentioning, product by product, line by line, so, we’re working with our customers to secure this price increase.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Hi. Nicolas. Just wanted to say that we continue to see a very strong pipeline of new business, as we’ve accelerated our innovation rate, increased collage participation and also the result of the focus on key categories and leveraging category expertise. So we see the strong pipeline right now and we’ve access to more business and therefore, we remain confident as the inflow of new wins and moving forward.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Hi, Lauren, it’s Nicolas. Despite challenging year-over-year comparable, Functional Fragrance was plus 1% in Q4, but for the full-year was actually plus 7%. So, we had already sealed the pipeline of introduction and new wins. We also had benefited to some extent to some additional promotional program that may be were not there again this year, so we had to deal with very strong comparables. We’re seeing some return to normalized level of evolution in the developed market, which is affecting the top-line, but as I say, when I looked at new wins ratio, it continue to be very strong.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: I think it’s fair to say that the level of growth in these categories in developed countries is slower than in the rest of the portfolio in the other region. Right now, we don’t have enough visibility yet on the inventories that are still out there to understand what will be the impact for us in Q1.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: And to echo Kevin’s comments, I think that we’ve now the tools, we’ve invested in IT to provide real time visibility on the key drivers of input costs and therefore, we can go back formula by formula and really share with our key partners what will be the impact on their portfolio. So we are very, very early on able to share this visibility and also to give greater level of granularity than we ever did in the past.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: It’s a very good question. If you look at the dynamic in Europe for Fine Fragrances, most of the European players manufacture in Europe for the rest of the world. We don’t have visibility on what portion of the growth is coming from emerging market or more developed markets. But it is fair to say that some of the introduction last year were successful. So we know that it was positively impacting our results in Europe, but also for export to North America. And it is fair to say that also good portion of revenue in Europe for Fine Fragrance were exported to emerging markets.
Kevin Berryman: Let me take a crack, Jeff, on the inflation question, Flavors versus Fragrance. I’d certainly say that we’re seeing higher levels of input cost trend for the fragrance business at this particular point in time. I mentioned in my commentary citrus oils, which effects both businesses, turpentine, which is a fragrance-oriented input cost. So, generally speaking, even though we’re seeing increases in input cost in our Flavor, our natural flavors are natural, which to a large extent it’s our flavor business as well. The index on inflation in Fragrance is certainly higher than Flavors at this particular point in time. In terms of the deferred tax question, we’ve evaluated, I’d have to get back and we can follow-up on a follow-up call on that. But fundamentally, the cash tax is paid and the book tax, there’s not a significant difference now. Year-over-year there can be differences obviously, but I can follow-up and give you more details as it relates to that.
Kevin Berryman: I’d say that we are kind of in the mid-27s range is how you should probably be thinking about it for 2011.
Kevin Berryman: Mike, I think there’s a couple of dynamics that you need to think through. The first one is on the input cost. Certainly, although we’ve seen acceleration in certain areas, there is likelihood that some of that will come into the second half for the year versus the first half. And in addition, remember that we’ve the $17 million to $20 million of manufacturing efficiencies due to the rationalization that we’re expecting from day one. If you take into account our pricing initiatives and certainly, the fact that in our RSA investment we’re going to probably have more normalized levels of incentive compensation. We’ll still be able to realize some improvements in the first half of 2011 even though we are comparing to a very, very strong year of those numbers.
Kevin Berryman: I think, Ed, we don’t really talk specifically about the expected cost structures going forward. We do know that we’ll be considering investments to support our growth initiatives per our strategy, and we do know there will be some dampening on our cost structure in RSA, because of the very high levels of growth-driven incentive compensation that we incurred in 2010. We have a variable base compensation scheme that translates into pay for performance ultimately and that certainly was realized in 2010. Perhaps on the other comment, I’ll just have a preliminary introductory comment, and then turn it over to Hernan and Nicolas. We’ve always proactively priced to the extent that there are input cost specifically that are affecting our margin structure. And I think we are getting better and more proactive in getting sooner and ahead of the curve. But I’ll turn it over to Nicolas and Hernan to see if there is any additional comments they would like to make.
Kevin Berryman: We don’t provide guidance as it relates to that, but I think you have a perspective on some of the plusses or minuses that will be going on.
Kevin Berryman: We had talked about that a little bit in our call, in our preliminary comments. We expect that our rate for 2011 will be in the neighborhood of, let’s call it, mid-27s is the right rate to be thinking about on an ongoing basis.
Kevin Berryman: Hi, Sam. Yes, I’d say that that’s our expectation. As we’ve discussed in the past, there are variabilities across countries or customers or what not, but in general, you should not be thinking about the emerging markets as being a fundamentally different margin profile than the developed markets.
Kevin Berryman: Look, I think the answer to your question, Jeff, is that when we are looking for pricing action, our expectation is that we’re going to price to recover our input costs increases (inaudible). Now, we continue to drive efficiencies throughout our organization in everything that we do, whether it’s manufacturing or overhead cost or whatever else. Those will ultimately provide for hopefully additional margin opportunities longer-term. We’re in the midst of certainly some volatility on the input cost, so it’s a little difficult to say what’s going to happen specifically in one quarter or what not, but the expectation is that we are pricing to recover our input cost and that’s what we are trying to accomplish.
Kevin Berryman: We’ve continued to give a direction on 4%. We are finalizing our implementation relative to our strategy. We’ll provide some additional insights relative to our Investor Day coming up here in March.
