Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Shelley, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Our focus on the call this morning is to provide an overview of our first quarter results and operating performance and provide you with a more in-depth review of our Fragrance and Flavors business segments. We will also provide our current outlook for 2013 and after our prepared remarks, we will leave time for questions. Turning to our first quarter results. We delivered solid local currency sales growth of 3%. On a like-for-like basis, which excludes the exit of low-margin sales activities in Flavors, we delivered local currency sales growth of 4%, which reflects underlying momentum in both our Fragrance Compounds and Flavors Compounds businesses, supported by strong new wins based on innovations and growth across diverse categories and geographies. Our top line performance continues to be driven by 9% growth in the emerging markets, which now account for nearly half of our sales. This is due to strong growth in many countries, including Brazil, Russia, China and Turkey. Turning to the business segments. Flavors delivered modest growth of 2%. But on a like-for-like basis, which is a more consistent measure of growth, Flavors delivered growth of 6%. The 6% growth overlaps 6% like-for-like growth in the first quarter of 2012 and is consistent with historical growth rates in this business, once again showing the strength and stability of the business. Our Fragrances business delivered growth of 3% in total. Fragrance Compounds, which excludes Fragrance Ingredients, achieved growth of 7%. Our Fragrance Compounds business, which consists of Fine and Beauty Care and functional fragrances, was supported by strong new wins including products using our encapsulation technology as well as increased [indiscernible] participation. Turning to our margins. This quarter, our adjusted margins improved 270 basis points over the prior year to 42.9%. The overall improvement reflects the combined benefit of pricing and declining raw material costs, volume growth, the benefits of our hedging programs as well as other cost improvement initiatives. Kevin Berryman, our CFO, will address our margin progression in more detail later in the presentation. Our margin gains this quarter were also due to exit of low-margin sales activities in Flavors business, which has had an overall 30 basis point favorable impact on our margins. The solid top line performance and margin expansion more than offset increased RSA costs this quarter and resulted in 13% growth in our adjusted operating profit. And adjusted earnings per share, which includes a lower effective tax rate, increased 19% to $1.19. As we have done in the past, this quarter, we continued to optimize our manufacturing footprint by making the decision to close both our Flavors plant in Sweden and our Fragrances plant in Jakarta, Indonesia and transferring the production from these facilities to our larger facility in The Netherlands and our new facility in Singapore, respectively. The company looks to operate as efficiently as possible to remain competitive, and these actions were taken with this objective in mind. Lastly, we also announced our intention to close our Fragrance Ingredients plant in Augusta, Georgia and consolidate the production into existing facilities. We provided a strategic review of our Ingredients business to our Board and are now executing on our plan to improve the profitability and the competitiveness of our Fragrance Ingredients business, thereby strengthening our competitive cost position in the Fragrance business. We are also taking steps to strengthen our innovation platform. During the quarter, we issued a press release on the successful outcome with an outside partner, Evolva Holding, in the production and scale-up of a natural sustainable vanillin through a biosynthetic process. We are very pleased with our partnership and believe the program with Evolva will increase the availability and sustainability of vanillin, which is a key flavor ingredient in many food products. Last week, we entered into a multiyear collaboration with Amyris, a leading biotechnology company, to develop and commercialize renewable cost-effective fragrance ingredients. We continue to work with R&D and creative teams to commercialize products that will provide us with a competitive edge in the market. These 2 biotechnology programs are complementary, and we believe collaborations such as this are critical to driving our future growth and profitability. Our earnings per share growth this quarter enables us to continue making investments that will secure our future. I would now like to turn the call over to Nicolas Mirzayantz, our Group President of Fragrances.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Nicolas, Hernan and Kevin. We are pleased with the progress we have made over the past few years in driving growth across both businesses based on our innovations and our capable teams. The diverse and stable nature of our business, combined with our customer intimacy and consumer insights, enabled us to deliver solid results again this quarter. We feel confident that based on the diversification in terms of our portfolio, geographies and customers, we will continue to expand our presence along with our customers and continue to achieve solid growth. The accelerated momentum we see in the Flavor and Fragrance Compounds business is fueled by the strategic investments we have made in the emerging markets over many years, combined with our ability to provide customers with products that meet or surpass consumer expectations, and potentially lead to market share growth for both our customers and for us. We are committed to driving the business for long term, creating new and innovative products that will appeal to customers, consumers all around the world and collaborating with global and local customers to bring these products to market. We continued to execute on our 3 strategic pillars, which are helping us to chart our growth. At the same time, we are focused on our performance and making sure we produce strong results. Our outlook for the full year 2013 is to deliver growth and profitability in line with our long-term targets. We believe we will be able to deliver these results based on our current view of the environment and our performance within it. In addition, our R&D pipeline should provide us with longer-term growth, while also providing us with sustainable cost-effective raw materials that give us the competitive edge, enable us to grow our gross margin. For the second quarter of 2013, we expect to see improved local currency sales growth in Flavors, even though we will continue to be impacted by the continued exit of low-margin sales activities. In Fragrances, we expect momentum to increase in Fine and Beauty Care and maintain our solid growth in Functional. While we expect to see improved volume trends in Ingredients for the full year, we still expect year-over-year declines in the second quarter. Of note, notwithstanding Fragrance Ingredients sales softness centered on high volume and low-cost items, we expect to maintain Fragrance Ingredients margins. We have a committed and a dedicated group of people whose mission is to see the company succeed. We are pushing ahead to meet our internal financial objectives and expect to be able to deliver top line growth in line with our long-term targets due to our diversity and our ability to provide value to customers year after year in every region. In conclusion, we believe our strong performance at IFF this quarter is the result of our geographic footprint, our product diversity and our ability to work with our customers to develop new products that will help shape the industry and delight consumers. We believe we are very well positioned in the market and we plan to continue to selectively invest in those areas where we see the most growth. We are investing in the future, making daily changes to advance the business. We will continue to proactively manage our performance and calibrate costs in line with our top line growth as we continue to execute against our business plans. We will continue to focus on excellence in the execution of our strategies. Before we take your questions, I wanted to mention that we are gearing up for our 2013 Investor Day, which will be held on Wednesday, June 5, in New York from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m.. If you've already received an invitation, please access the online registration site and sign up by the end of the month. If you have not received an invitation and you are interested in attending, please reach out to Shelley Young and let her know of your interest. The theme of this year's event is innovation, and we will be showcasing some of our leading technologies and providing you with an update on our 3 strategic pillars. We hope you can make it, and we look forward to seeing our IFF analysts, investors and prospective investors at the New York event. Thank you for your attendance and for your participation. I will now open the call to questions.
Douglas D. Tough: Okay, Mark. You have got several questions in there. Let me start to talk to a couple of them. And then I'll ask [indiscernible] Hernan, Nicolas to talk to volume and Kevin with the question on rationalization benefits. Certainly, on the volume, you'll know we almost always see a certain degree of lumpiness in the results. And I think Nicolas pointing out that the 19% performance in Fine Fragrance in the previous quarter was an indication of extremely solid results then offset by weaker results now. So when they, in the moment, talk about the volume performance in the outlook for Q2 and beyond -- I'll let them address specific wins, specific commercial results and so forth. But certainly as it relates to this quarter and in particular, we have a good line of sight on order book results and on both the results of the wins and then the forward orders. And it's an encouraging picture, which is why we elaborated the way we did on the outlook for Q2. Only because it might come up elsewhere, but in the context of the Fragrance Ingredients issues, we have had a comprehensive review with our Board of Directors. There are several opportunity areas to improve the business. We will be advising the marketplace as and when we are ready to commit to those. But certainly, the first one we've done was the announcement on Augusta. And you're correct in assuming there might be more there, but we won't be talking about that today. And I'll come back to the volume discussion now and the projections and start with Hernan as it looks to Flavors in Q2 and beyond.
Douglas D. Tough: Yes. I mean, I think it's important to understand some of the elements that Nicolas talked about is the wins, the briefs [ph] we're going after, the target margins we've set, the basis for innovation and a number of other internal productivity moves that have all contributed more to the margin improvement than did the pricing recovery. So the focus of that group is very much on margin preservation enhancement and increasing.
Douglas D. Tough: John, I think there's a broader question here. And it's really if you look at what we're doing with Evolva and Amyris, we will be increasing a focus on external partnership and opportunities. So through our innovation or beneficial commercial opportunities perhaps in fragrance -- flavor ingredients, perhaps in other categories, the company would have an interest in those.
Douglas D. Tough: Well, I think the answer, we'll always be having conversations with customers about whether we need a price increase or they’re looking at opportunities in the context of a benign cost of goods environment or opportunities to perhaps renegotiate things with us, so that's an ongoing phenomena. But I think that Kevin touched upon it I think really well in one of the slides was that we still are not fully recovered all that we had from the standpoint of our cost increases. So in some cases with customers, we continue to have dialogue surrounding getting that price increases to help us recover our margins.
Douglas D. Tough: Well, thank you, all, for participating on the call today. And we look forward to seeing you at the Investor Day if you make it on June 5 in New York. Thank you. Or we'll see you in our Q2 call in early August.
Hernan Vaisman: Thank you, Nicolas. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Turning to our top line performance. In the first quarter, Flavors delivered local currency sales growth of 2%. Excluding the exit of low-margin sales activities, which includes sales in both savory and sweet, Flavors like-for-like growth would have been 6%. The 6% growth is consistent with our historical growth rate, and reflects strong new wins from our motivation tools. The first quarter also marked our 29th consecutive quarter of local currency sales growth and was supported by mid-single-digit like-for-like growth in every region. This quarter, we exited over 10 million on sales activities affecting both savory and sweet end-use categories. We expect to exit the same level of business in the second quarter of 2013 and after that, we are largely finished within this program. As a percentage of sales, we would expect the impact in the second quarter of exited sales to be approximately 3 percentage points. This quarter growth was supported by strong new wins, particularly those using some of our health and wellness motivation technologies, and we ended the quarter with a strong pipeline of new wins. Flavors and dairy are benefiting from these technologies, all contained in our FLAVORFIT brand umbrella, and much of our growth in these categories is being reinvigorated by our health and wellness programs. We also saw some momentum in our citrus toolbox offerings. Citrus is one of our biggest Flavors profiles in this Beverage category. In North America, like-for-like growth was 4% excluding the exit of low-margin sales activities. This best-performing category was Beverage, which was up strong single digits on local currency basis on account of strong new wins in the citrus area as well as increased volume of products using our citrus modulation tools. Within our EAME region, local currency growth was led by strong results in Western Europe, specifically Spain, Portugal and the U.K. with new business using natural flavoring as well as increased customers’ orders in Beverage and Savory. Greater Asia, which is our largest region, achieved 6% in local currency growth due to strength in Australasia, China and India. We saw strong growth in both Dairy and Savory. In Latin America, we saw strong growth in Beverage and Dairy. We recently won new business in the region, and we have a lot of new projects in the pipeline. We expect to have a stronger growth in Latin America in the quarters to come, and we're pleased that we are picking up momentum in this business. Turning to our profitability this quarter. This quarter, our segment profit improved 4% or $3 million to $83 million. The exit of low-margin sales activity contributed 60 basis points to our gross margin improvement. This quarter, we benefited from the favorable relationship between raw material costs and pricing, although our input prices remain at historically high levels. Kevin will talk more about it. The gross margin improvement more than offset increased RSA costs associated with R&D. For this first quarter, our segment operating margin improved 50 basis points to 23.3% versus the prior year of 22.8%. As we mentioned on our fourth quarter conference call, this quarter, we announced that we have entered in a preproduction phase to develop and scale up via a third-party [indiscernible] for commercial application through a cost-effective sustainable route. This collaboration with Evolva [ph] and is consistent with our strategy to strengthen our innovation platform. Also this quarter, we took several actions to consolidate our manufacturing footprint, improve efficiency and better meet our customers' changing needs. We made the decision to close our Fragrances plant in Sweden and transfer production to our plant in the Netherlands. We also announced the formal opening of our Flavors plant in Guangzhou, China, and we continue to build out our plant in Gebze, Turkey. We also continue to invest in commercial offices and satellite labs in Asia to better serve our customers in the region, with locations in Chengdu and Beijing now fully operational. For the second quarter, we expect to see improved top line growth, although our overall growth will still be impacted by the exit of low-margin sales activities for one final quarter. On a like-for-like basis, we expect to achieve mid- to high-single-digit growth fueled by broad-based geographic growth. Although it is still early in the second quarter, based on our orders in-house, we believe we are off to a very strong start. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin Berryman, our CFO.
Hernan Vaisman: Hi, Mark, this is Hernan speaking. Regarding why we are confident in Q2 is basically we have a visibility in our orders in-house. Because the high volumes coming, truly because we placed some orders starting in the first quarter, but also because we have a big wins in some regions that we will be launching in the quarter. So basically, that's why we are confident, firstly, the wins that is going to impact. And then secondly, we have some order issues and order -- particular order issues in the first quarter and now is correcting in the second quarter.
Hernan Vaisman: Well, we -- this is Hernan. We're always looking to enhance our portfolio. I don't know exactly what you mean by putting in and which type of food ingredients. But definitely, we have some partnership with some including ingredients varieties to help us to formulate better flavors.
Hernan Vaisman: In fact, we have, we have many. But we usually for a strategic point of view, we are not disclosing that. But we have several partnerships with different companies to really enhance our portfolio.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Mark, it's Nicolas. Regarding pretty similar comments regarding Q2, where we're seeing we have very, very strong pipeline of new wins that already started in Q1, and looking at the way that the quarter has started and the order in-house, we believe that we have good momentum going on. Regarding your questions of pushing and pulling versus the different quarters and the customer dynamics, obviously if you had the Q4 performance in Fine & Beauty of 19 plus 4% in Q1, that's about 11% growth over the 2 quarters. And we know that the Christmas season was positive but probably not as a strong as expected, therefore, it's impacting our intake. But it is fair to say that North America is probably not as strong, starting the year not as strong as we could have expected in terms of consumer trends. But as far as new wins participation and pipeline of new projects, it remains very strong. And if you add new wins in Q1 we’re above historical levels.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Lauren, it's Nicolas. Lauren, you are right. It takes some time for the migration to occur. And then the migration, from the visibility that we have, will occur in Q2, so we will see that migration from one part of our business to the other. It will be progressive. So we have not seen that benefit yet, and it will come later in the year.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Lauren, it's Nicolas again. In this type of collaboration and partnership, it's really linked to your own portfolio. And so everybody's really developing different agreement regarding their different portfolio, their strengths, unique complementary expertise from both the company we’re partnering with and with ours. So they are very, very specific to what we do, what we can for and our existing portfolio, which is different as you know, in ingredients. We don't compete with our key competitors on the same portfolio. We are not competing against them. Therefore, it's very, very specific to what we do and probably -- I’m not aware of their [indiscernible] but what they are doing on their side is indicative to their portfolio.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Yes. I will start with your last question -- it's Nicolas, regarding Amyris. One thing which is really critical to underscore and the strengths or the critical importance of ingredients to us, that usually you can use one ingredient across all categories. So whatever progress improvement, cost effectiveness you can gain or even access to more a longer-term source of supply really benefits not only your ingredients but it benefits your compound business. And that's why for us to be vertically integrated has significant benefit to our business, enabling us to win more business and to support the growth that we are making. So that's why Amyris, it's really broad-based in terms of the impact in our business. Regarding other stuff, we don't disclose the relative importance of our plants, so we cannot provide that detail. And regarding also the quality of the margin, I think it's important to recognize that our focus has been in terms of the margin protection, margin improvement as you saw for the last quarters, and also as a result of our greater focus and emphasis on the economic profitability, we’re really asking the team to focus on every part of the business that can improve our position. And as Kevin was talking about, the majority of our improvement came from this margin improvement, efficiencies in the business to help to regain some of the margin pressure that we are facing.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: And John, if I can maybe augment the comments regarding compounds, we say that now we are at 54% of our Compound sales in emerging markets. And there is one category which is more global, which is Fine Fragrance, for which you really would typically capture sales in North America and Europe. But you know that these products are then reexported to the rest of the world. Most of the other categories are manufactured locally and regionally. So if you think about fine fragrance now being reexported, our share of emerging market would be greater than 54%.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: I think we are looking at really the 2 quarters together and we know that the market did not grow at 19% in Q4. I think the market was a more modest growth of maybe 3%, 4%. Therefore, also reported by lot of new activities. We had a very, very strong new win pipeline last year. So a lot of the effort to promote these new launches at Christmas. So that affected obviously our volume intake in Q1. But what I said earlier, our pipeline of new wins and the benefit that we saw in Q1 going into Q2 gave us good perspective on the business moving forward. If you are comparing about those 2 inventory level compared to 2 years ago, I think that the industry has learned a lot at everything, all level of the supply chain, and we’re not seeing the same pressure that we have or exposure 2 years ago than today. So the inventory period, what is in the trade is father than it was 2 years ago.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Lauren, this is Nicolas. I think that your perception on Q2 is accurate, but it's not -- it's -- we should not expect any positive growth ingredients for the year.
Kevin C. Berryman: Mark, this is Kevin. I'll follow up on one quick comment on the volume and then talk about the restructuring question that you had. The only other point to add to what's already been said is that in Q1, our win rates were actually quite strong. So our growth associated with new business offset by any losses that we might have had was actually near strong levels, and not necessarily at historical levels but very strong. So if there was any weakness in Q1, it was relative to some of the erosion that we saw in our business. So underlying the growth outlook going forward is a continued momentum in terms of that win performance. So that's one comment. On your second question on the ingredients -- excuse me, on the restructurings or closures of the additional plants, we already talked to the benefits associated with the Fragrance Ingredients effort. We do have the other 2 plants. We expect that the savings associated with those plants will, once that's fully instituted, probably be $4 million plus or thereabouts. We'll start to see some of that this year because the timing that we'll be facing over the second half of the year. However, I would say that will largely be offset this year because at the same time, we'll be ramping of our facility, our new facility in Guangzhou, China, which is the new Flavors facility. So that's probably a net loss roughly speaking in 2013 in the back half. So I think we'll start to see those benefits in 2014 and beyond for Sweden and Indonesia in Fragrance.
Kevin C. Berryman: Lauren, this is Kevin. If you think about the outlook that Doug has provided in terms of the full year, at the end of the day, we're thinking we’re going to be able to deliver against our long-term financial target of 4 to 6, and we're comfortable with that. So by definition, that translates into us having to have incremental performance in the back 3 quarters of the year relative to our start at 3%. So I think that remember, our 4 to 6 has always been including the exit of low-margin business. So we said we would hit our long-term targets even with those exits, the impact of the exits. So the fact that we're at 3% in Q1 I just won’t indicate we're going to have to see some improvement in the back 3 quarters.
Kevin C. Berryman: We don't have an exact read on that. But if you look at it on an overall basis, the emerging markets represent 49% of our overall sales. Now included in that figure is the fact that ingredients, our Fragrance Ingredients business, is actually 80-20 the other way or 80-20 focused on development -- developed markets. Certainly, some of that is going to the emerging markets, but we don't have a good ability to really indicate what that is. So probably at the end of the day, that means more than 50% of our business is supporting emerging market business, but we don't have the clarity as it relates to what that number actually is.
Kevin C. Berryman: This is Kevin. Really the benefits associated with the tax rate were associated with the carryover R&D tax credit. As you may recall, our friends in Washington finally decided on implementing the 2012 push under the R&D tax credit after the end of the year. I think it was at 12:15 or something in the morning on January 1. So effectively, the reduction in the tax rate for the first quarter is really recognizing the full year benefit of 2012 R&D tax credit in Q1 2013. The more normalized figure should be when you’re thinking about the balance of the year, 26% to 26.5%, perhaps a little higher in terms of the tax rate.
