Doug Tough: Thank you, Shelley. Good morning and good afternoon to everyone. Before I start my formal comments, I would like to extend a warm welcome to Matthias Haeni. As of April 1, Matthias assumed the role of Group President, Flavors after serving as Regional General Manager of Flavors for our EAME region for the past three years. Prior to that, Matthias was the Regional General Manager for Flavors of our greater Asia region. Under his leadership, IFF expanded our manufacturing network in Asia and Europe. We opened new plants in China and Singapore for Flavors, and more recently, we have been expanding our strategically located facility in Gebze, Turkey which will serve the fast growing emerging markets in the region, region, including the Middle East and Africa. We also achieved consistently strong sales and operating profit growth in both EAME and greater Asia in Flavors. Matthias is a 23-year veteran of the flavors and fragrance industry, and we are pleased and excited to have someone with his experience and insight in this role. Turning to the agenda for today's call, I will provide an overview of the first quarter for consolidated IFF, followed by Nicolas Mirzayantz and Matthias Haeni, who will provide their perspective on the performance of our fragrances and flavors business segments, respectively. Then Kevin Berryman will provide you with a financial overview of our first quarter and turn the call back over to me for a balance of the year outlook and some concluding comments before we open the call to your questions. Turning now to the first quarter of 2014, our local currency sales growth was 7%, which reflects balanced growth between flavors and fragrances and includes a percentage point of growth from our Aromor acquisition, which we acquired on January 15. This quarter, fragrance delivered growth of 8%, which includes 2 percentage points of growth from Aromor, and flavors achieved growth of 5%. Growth this quarter was also more balanced between the emerging markets, which grew 7%, and the developed markets, which grew at 5%. Our organic growth this quarter reflects a higher level of new wins, consistent with our performance in 2013. The level of new wins was strong across both business units due to our emphasis on innovation and technology, and the strength of our teams in leveraging our consumer insights, R&D, and creative capabilities to provide outstanding, high-performance products for our customers. As you may recall, on our fourth-quarter call we said we expected to see more moderate top-line growth in the first quarter following a strong Q4. We were pleased that we were able to deliver 7% growth for the second consecutive quarter. Due to some seasonal order patterns, we had stronger than expected sales in the final few weeks of the quarter, which accounted for a large portion of the upside to our original forecasts.  On a regional basis, our strongest local currency growth was achieved in greater Asia, where we are investing in new facilities and capacity and technology in order to support our customers. We saw continued strong double-digit growth in many of the countries where IFF has committed capital, such as Singapore, China, and Indonesia. We also delivered high single-digit growth in EAME and positive growth in Latin and North America. All of our regions are seeing positive growth, which added to our overall sales growth. Turning to our profit margins, our gross profit margins improved 150 basis points versus the prior year. Our strong growth and favorable mix of business contributed to the margin expansion. Our adjusted operating profit in the first quarter of 2014 increased 14%. This is primarily due to our strong growth, combined with margin expansion and disciplined cost control. The results of Aromor were not significant to our consolidated financial performance. IFF's adjusted earnings per share increased 11% to $1.32, in line with our long-term growth targets. We did not benefit from the R&D tax credit this quarter, which resulted in a higher effective tax rate than our adjusted tax rate in the primary year. In summary, we started the year with strong top-line momentum, which resulted in favorable gross and operating margin expansion and enabled us to grow our adjusted earnings per share by 11%.  I would now like to turn the call over to Nicolas and Matthias, so they can provide more detail on their respective business units. Nicolas, it's over to you.
Doug Tough: Thank you, Kevin, Matthias, and Nicolas. As you heard from the team, we had a strong start to the year based on our operating performance. Our local currency sales growth of 7% was higher than our original forecast. Given the strong start to the year, we are reconfirming our expectation for local currency sales growth of 5% to 7%, which includes a percentage point of growth from the Aromor acquisition. Due to the volume growth and the improved mix of business, we delivered strong gross and operating margins. Our adjusted operating margins achieved growth of 14%, while our adjusted earnings per share increased 11%. We’re also reconfirming our expectation to deliver double-digit operating profit and earnings per share growth for the full year. For the second quarter we expect more moderate sales growth. However, given our emphasis on productivity savings and other margin improvements, we expect to see continued gross margin expansion, but at a lower rate of year-over-year improvement, especially as we compare the improved gross margin performance of the prior year in quarters two, three, and four. In addition, we are also closely monitoring input costs and expect to see some inflationary cost pressure in the second half of the year. Certain input costs are expected to increase. Our emphasis on our 10 key research and development platforms has resulted in a stronger pipeline for the Company, and we continue to invest in our programs and subject them to a disciplined review process to make sure they are proceeding on track. For the second quarter of 2014 we are expecting to achieve sales, operating profit, and earnings per share growth within our long-term targets. I would like to leave you with a few key takeaways from our first quarter. First, we achieved strong momentum in both business units, with more balanced growth between our emerging and developed markets. We also achieved growth in both our local global and regional accounts. This diversity provides us with greater stability and enabled us to achieve 7% growth, even when some areas of our business are facing a more challenging set of circumstances. Second, we have made and continue to make strategic investments in the business to expand our footprint and make sure we have the necessary capacity to grow with our customers in the regions and to continue to work with new customers who have strong local positions. We are able to work with global, local, and regional customers and provide them with consumer insight, R&D expertise, and fragrance and flavors that they can sell to consumers anywhere in the world.  Third, we continue to grow our gross and operating margins by focusing on productivity, efficiency, and quality improvements and we have seen the benefits in our strong profit growth. Fourthly, our strong performance reflects the collaborative efforts of our people to leverage our consumer insights, R&D, and creative capabilities to provide outstanding results for our customers and our shareholders. We are making investments in our people to make sure they have the necessary training and development to better serve our customers and anticipate future trends. And fifth, we continue to execute against our three strategic pillars to leverage our geographic reach, to strengthen our innovation platform, and to maximize our portfolio. We continue to believe execution of our three pillars will enable us to drive profitable growth for our shareholders. Thank you for your participation today. We will now open the call to your questions.
Doug Tough: Okay, Mark, I will start off, and then I'll ask both Matthias and Nicolas to weigh in with their perspectives. I think the overarching comment is we still have great confidence in overall emerging market opportunities, the celebrated next billion consumers. We believe that trend is inexorable, and we remain committed to it. I'd also say that -- and you will get more specifics in a minute, but to the degree that some of our customers are sensing or mentioning some of the slowdown, it's been marginal for us. And the buoyancy continues pretty good across almost all of the major emerging markets. So we haven't seen the trend to the degree they have, and we remain bullish. But you’ve asked specific questions and I’ll ask Matthias to start, and then Nicolas can weigh in with thoughts from fragrances.
Doug Tough: And, Mike, it might be fair for me to weigh in, having worked with Hernan and now Matthias for a short while. Matthias is focused on technology, and technology being a driver of growth and innovation is probably something I have really noticed. And it fits and aligns really well with what we are trying to do. Matthias's knowledge of the industry and technology is going to be a real plus for us.
Doug Tough: Thank you very much for everyone's participation on today's call, and we look forward to talking to you again in early August, when we have our Q2 results. Thank you.
Matthias Haeni: Thank you very much, Nicolas. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. I'm very pleased to be here on today's conference call. I joined the team in New York. Turning to our sales performance, in the first quarter Flavors achieved local currency sales growth of 5%, led by double-digit growth in the emerging markets, which continued to be a strong and important driver for our business. We achieved solid growth within our long-term targets despite weakness in North America, thanks to the diversity and breadth of our portfolio and customer base. Notably, we achieved strong performance in many of the countries where we committed or are committing capital to add capacity or technology. In particular, the growth we are seeing in emerging markets of greater Asia, Latin America, and central and southeastern Europe clearly supports our investment strategy. In total, Flavors grew 12% in the emerging markets, led by Latin America, where we had growth of over 20%; and greater Asia, which achieved high single-digit growth. Turning to the regions, in Europe, Africa, and the Middle East, as you see on the slide, we had solid growth of 4%. This was supported by growth in all categories. In greater Asia there was widespread growth across all end-use categories, resulting in total local currency sales growth of 8%. There was double-digit growth in many countries, and we were extremely pleased to see the continuation of strong trends. In North America this quarter we saw a decline reflecting overall market weakness. It resulted in lower volumes on existing business, and new wins were not sufficient to offset these volume losses. Our customers have been impacted equally to softer market environment we are seeing in North America, and we are closely monitoring the situation. Finally, turning to our strong performance in Latin America, I know Hernan talked about Latin America in the past and the improvements that IFF was making in this market. Our people in the region have been working hard to leverage our technology and creation capabilities to develop new growth opportunities. And we are seeing the results of their efforts in terms of strong new wins, especially in beverages, where our technologies are opening new avenues for growth. Latin America increased 23% in the quarter and was up double digits for the second consecutive quarter. The accelerated positive momentum is based on the strength of our product offerings; based on our creative and application know-how; and customer intimacy, which is ultimately the hallmark of IFF. We also look at our performance through the lens of end-use categories. Flavors delivered double-digit growth in beverages and mid-single-digit gains in savory and dairy, all supported by our health and wellness platform. As you know, our Flavors' creative and applications teams worked with customers across end-use categories to develop high-performing products that address the needs of health-conscious consumers who want great-tasting food and beverages that have less fat, less salt, and less sugar. In summary, Flavors achieved solid and widespread growth, with emerging markets, again a key growth driver. Turning to our financial performance, local currency growth of 5% included high levels of technology-driven wins and double-digit growth in the emerging markets. Historic volume growth, combined with mix gains, net favorable pricing inputs, costs, and manufacturing efficiencies resulted in enhanced gross margin again this quarter. At the same time, we exerted tight control over our fixed expenses, resulting in increased growth leverage. The margin gains combined with disciplined spending resulted in a 6% or $5 million improvement in our segment profit performance this quarter. Put another way, our segment profit margins expanded by 70 basis points to 24% in the first quarter. Turning to our outlook for the second quarter of 2014, we expect moderate growth as we compare to strong like-for-like growth of 8% in the second quarter of 2013. We expect continued growth in the emerging markets, where we have made significant positive investment in capacity and creation capabilities to better serve our customers.  In summary, our performance this quarter was solid on top and bottom lines. We continued to make focused investments to better serve our customers and to provide growth for the short, medium, and long term. I will now turn the call over to Kevin, our CFO.
Matthias Haeni: Thank you. Let me tell you that we are really pleased to see development which we see with the emerging markets. We have seen very strong momentum in Latin America, but also in most of the strategic key markets in Asia Pacific as well as in central southeastern Europe, and strong, focused markets for our folks in Africa. As such, we don't see a slowdown. I believe we have continued to put solid momentum going forward in these markets. Coming back to your question on North America, indeed we are disappointed with our performance in the first quarter this year. We have experienced lower volumes on existing business; and new wins, which we had particularly in key categories like beverages could not offset the weakness we have experienced with our sales in many key accounts. I tried to outline that we will be up against very strong comparables. Also, in the second quarter in North America we will expect a different order pattern and a change in our performance in the second half of this year.
Matthias Haeni: Thank you very much, Mike. We have made significant investments over the last few years in key strategic markets and added infrastructure to increase capacity, but also in our creative skillset. We have a very strong innovation pipeline in our health and wellness portfolio, where we are addressing the demands to reduce sugar, fat, and salt. I am very confident we will capitalize on the many investments which we have made in the past in our fold. I’m very proud that I have a very strong management team which I can take over from Hernan.
Kevin Berryman: Okay, Mike. This is Kevin. Thanks for the call, and let me make a couple of comments as it relates to some of the drivers on margin, and then I can turn it over to Nicolas to provide further clarity. Look, I think at the end of the day we have continued to be driving the maximization of the portfolio, which is about a lot of initiatives throughout the organization to help drive incremental profitability into the portfolio. That really was the primary driver to our improvements in margin on a total basis for the Company. If you think about growth leverage, you think about the benefits of mix, you think about the cost reduction initiatives that are in place, those were the majority of the driver for the gross margin improvement. Of course, that was really the big driver to our operating profit improvement as it relates to the combination of the two, the volume, the growth at the top line as well as the gross margin improvement. So, the road from -- slight benefit as it relates to the net benefit of input costs and pricing options that had been taken, are really the big drivers. And the material part of the improvement was relative to the growth leverage, the mix, and the cost reduction initiatives.
Kevin Berryman: Thanks for the question, Faiza. I think, first thing, on pricing, we really didn't take any pricing in the quarter. So if you look at our top-line performance, it's really related to volume and mix, which is driving the top line. So, no real fundamental change in pricing levels for the quarter. The second point as it relates to input costs, we feel pretty comfortable as we sit here today that our current inventory levels plus contractual arrangements won't result in there being a material change and any pressures on gross margins this year, per se. But we do know that current pockets of areas of input and material are in fact at elevated levels versus what we would be enjoying at this particular point in time in terms of our costs.  So once we get back into the market and are purchasing those new inventory levels, they will be at higher prices. And we expect that to be occurring over the back half of this year. I would call out a couple of areas. I would call out citrus. I would call out onion. I would call out patchouli as some areas where we know that there are some increases in costs coming. So as we realize those costs, we will be having targeted discussions with certain customers to understand those pressures that will be developing. And certainly, as we enter into 2015 we’ll start to see some of that flowing through the P&L.
Kevin Berryman: Sure. Our expected spend is consistent with the message that we have been delivering over the last actual few years. We will be in the neighborhood of 4.5%, so between 4% and 5% of sales. And I would say probably closer to 4.5%, kind of in the middle of that range in terms of CapEx. In terms of the share buyback, certainly at current share price levels, I would say it will be slightly above the amount of the share buyback that we had last year. But certainly, that's dependent upon what's happened on the share price going forward. If we see significant increases, we’ll probably be buying a little bit less. And if we see significant decreases, we’ll be buying more.
