Andreas Fibig: Over the last two years, we have seen the global operating environment become more volatile. Fortunately, several of the factors in which we highlighted in the past have started to see modest improvements. To put this in context, we have seen global consumer staple volumes starting to stabilize and show signs of improvement. While it's early in the year, expectation is that the consumer staples volume will improve in 2018, increasing approximately 2%. This compares well to what we, as an industry, have seen over the last three years and where the average was flattish to up slightly. From an economic perspective, GDP growth on a global basis is expected to improve modestly. A key driver for this improvement is expected to come from stronger GDP trends in the emerging markets. This should provide a relative improvement over the last few years in terms of our topline performance, as approximately 50% of our sales are through the emerging markets. U.S. dollar continues to fluctuate versus the world currencies. And as a global organization with nearly 30 currencies, there are many moving parts. Most relevant for IFF, the strengthening of the euro versus U.S. dollar is favorable as approximately 30% of our profits are euro denominated. However, please remember that the impact on profitability will be limited as we have a rolling hedging program and our hedge about 80% at $1.15 for 2018. This compares to an average euro to U.S. dollar rate at $1.12 for the full year 2017. While we are optimistic that the operating environment has improved modestly, the one area that remains headwind is raw material cost. On the natural size, the demand for all natural products continues to drive across all natural ingredients, as has done over the past few years. This can be best seen in vanilla and citrus markets, where prices remain at historically high levels, and turpentine and turpentine derivatives, particularly gum turpentine, costs have increased significantly. In addition, synthetics materials are directly and indirectly from oil are exhibiting inflationary pressures. For all of these instances, we have been continue to have active discussions with our customers to recover our cost exposure via pricing. With that as a backdrop, I would like to highlight several notable items that we expect to impact our financial results in 2018. One of our key suppliers, BASF, had a fire occurred at their manufacturing plant in Germany during quarter 4 2017. This impacted their production of citral, a very common ingredient used in many formulations in both Flavors and Fragrances. In addition, they declared Force Majeure, which impacts both supply and cost of the key import for the entire Flavor and Fragrance industry. Based on their public statements, the startup for that plant is not expected to occur until the end of March 2018. We anticipate that the supply chain will not fully normalize until the second half of 2018. With that, I would like to turn it back to Rich.
Andreas Fibig: In summary, we're pleased with what we have achieved so far across all key financial metrics in 2017. As we enter 2018, recognizing that uncertainty remains in the operating environment, we are targeting growth across all of our key financial metrics. We're doing so by taking action to accelerate sales growth in advantage categories, deliver innovation that is truly differentiated, and generate higher returns via continued cost and productivity initiatives, and generate strong returns for our shareholders. And we have started the year 2018 well with growth across both business units. With that, I would now like to open up the call to questions.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Look, Mark, first of all, we are certainly optimistic for 2018. But with all the volatility we have seen in the last, let's say, two years in the market, plus the citral situation we are having at hand right now, we said it's more prudent to go in with a wider range and then probably update over the course of the year. So, that's our view on it.
Andreas Fibig: It was actually not one customer. So, it was more across the Board was broader, which is good. And the volumes went up as well, which was driving it. So, all-in-all, very, very positive, because it's not a one-off and it's just not one customer.
Andreas Fibig: No, Mike, absolutely. The trend stays and it's gaining even momentum. We have it, as you well know, on the Flavors already, because 90% of our, let's say, briefs in North America in Flavors are basically for naturals. So, you see -- and that's why we're catering with our PowderPure acquisition as well. So, we are strengthening even our position here. But now we see it more and more on the Fragrance side as well, and not just on the pure fragrance, also on the active cosmetics. That's a natural element, plays much, much a bigger role. And I don't expect that this will go away. So, that's something -- a trend which is still pretty much intact.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. No, I'm fairly optimistic on this one as well. I think we know how to deal with it. We know how to operate in that environment. And this year, as we said before, it's a little bit more complex because we have to distinct between the raw material price increase and the BASF situation, which makes it not easy. But we're fairly optimistic that we can do it as we've done it before.
Andreas Fibig: No, look, Faiza, as we have done it in the last three years, we have all our list we're working on. We are actually very happy that all the five acquisitions we have done in the last three years are actually performing all very well. And actually all above the business case, which is a very, very good thing. And there's nothing extraordinary what I can announce right now. But we are certainly, let's say, going forward with our strategy, which is described in our Vision 2020, where M&A is an active pillar of our strategy. We're certainly looking at a couple of exciting technology moves as well, but it's too early to talk about it.
Andreas Fibig: It's true. John, that's Andreas. Good morning. It's true, but not yet. It's too early that the pricing will come down in the first half of the year.
Andreas Fibig: It was basically -- you might remember up to two years ago, we were not growing in Fragrance Ingredients and we had to turnaround the business and came up with a turnaround strategy. And now the team is basically executing on the turnaround strategy and has a lot of innovation in the pipeline as well, which means new molecules we can offer to our customers and that's yielding right now. So, there's basically no pricing up to now.
Andreas Fibig: Yes, we do. Absolutely. And then we saw already with the volume, because the volume is helping in the fourth quarter.
Andreas Fibig: On second half of the year you can say, in particular. For Fragrance, it was actually a pretty strong turnaround.
Andreas Fibig: I'm sorry, Q1, I forgot about this, but we see it in the first couple of weeks here in the new quarter as well.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you for the question. I'll start with the last one first. We see actually a broad-based growth over all regions for 2018. In specific on Brazil or LatAm, we see -- or we have seen that it turn around Brazil for the Fragrance business actually in the second half, which is a good sign, because it's a very important market for Fragrance and it looks like it will stay like this for 2018 as well. On Asia, we see very, very strong growth in India, very double digit. And you might have seen that we have announced the building of two new factories, Fragrances and Flavors, actually the biggest one in that case in India. In China, it's still a little bit of a rough patch. You might remember two years ago, we had the incident in our Flavors factory. We are building a second backup plan, which will be inaugurated probably end of third quarter, fourth quarter this year, so that we are over this hump as well and can produce against good growth coming out of China. But again, the emerging markets are coming back, which is great, but what we have seen is actually very good growth out of the United States, as you have seen and also Western Europe. We shouldn't underestimate that and that's still a pretty significant piece of our business. So, all in all, a pretty broad-based approach. With a couple of pockets where we believe good growth comes on, like Brazil, for example, or India.
Andreas Fibig: But we certainly can give you more details as soon as we know when the BASF plant is up on stream online again. And then in our -- what is it, second quarter -- first quarter call, we can give you a good update where we see things panning out. But I would echo Rich's comments here. It's a lot of moving pieces right now and that's the reason why we said, let's be prudent here and then come up with that guidance.
Andreas Fibig: No, I would say, it's business as usual, in particular in the materials we are buying. So, there's nothing extraordinary. But--
Andreas Fibig: Thank you very much for your attention and the questions. And we certainly will follow-up by one-on-one calls. Thank you very much and have a good day.
Richard O'Leary: Thanks Andreas. Let me take the couple of more technical items. At the end of 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax reform. Key changes include, but are not limited to, Base Erosion and Anti-Abuse Tax, executive compensation deduction limits, and the elimination of certain special deductions. For us, we accrued a provisional net charge of $139 million in the fourth quarter of 2017, which primarily includes a transition tax on the company's historic unremitted foreign earnings and the reevaluation of the company's net deferred tax assets to reflect the new lower statutory tax rate. As we think about 2018, based on our current assessment and understanding of the Tax Act in our current global operating restructure, we believe that our effective tax rate in 2018 will be approximately 21%. Lastly, in March of 2017, the FASB issued an amendment to the compensation report -- retirements benefits guide and effective in 2018, interest costs, asset returns, and the amortization and gains and losses will now be recorded in other income and expense versus operating profit under the previous accounting rules. The impact was approximately $31 million in 2017 and $15 million in 2016. For modeling comparison purposes, our pro forma adjusted operating profit for 2017 will now be $616 million, and other income and expense will be $40 million, of which $31 million is for the pension change and $9 million is other regular income and expense items. Given the several moving parts, we felt it was important to highlight the drivers of currency-neutral adjusted operating profit and adjusted EPS for greater transparency. Before doing so, I want to highlight the expectation for sales performance. We expect 3% to 5% currency-neutral sales growth as all categories are expected to contribute to growth. In terms of expected operating -- adjusted operating profit performance in 2018, please take note that our starting point following the pension accounting change is $616 million for 2017. In 2018, we expect the profitability of our core business to accelerate versus the growth we achieved in 2017 from approximately 5% to approximately 7% to 9%. We expect the performance to be driven by the combination of volume growth and the benefits of cost and productivity initiatives, which include our standard program plus advancements in zero-based budgetings and savings associated with the multiyear productivity program that we announced in the early 2017. Net price to raw material cost is expected to be neutral, as we're taking action to cover our cost exposure. In the fifth bar, we isolated the impact relative to the citral Force Majeure. While we are pleased to say that we can believe we can meet the demand of our customers, the challenge, however, is that the total financial impact in 2018 is quite large at approximately 7%. Fortunately, we have and continued to work with all of our possible mitigation options, and currently believe the impact should be limited to approximately two percentage points. Inclusive of the impact of the citral situation, we expect raw material costs will rise mid-single-digits in 2018. Please note that this is very fluid situation and is based on how we see things today. Our objective is to fully offset the BASF impact, as we're pursuing all options, both internally and externally. I'll review the impact of currency in more detail shortly. Moving on to EPS, as you see from the second bar and similar to our previous slide, our core business remained strong. We expect 6% to 8% growth in 2018 from our core business. As I discussed moments ago, the Force Majeure situation is expected to adversely impact results by approximately two percentage points. Looking at tax, based on our current assessment and understanding of the Tax Act and our current structure, we believe that our effective tax rate in 2018 will be 21%. And it's inclusive of the net -- the impact of the tax reform net of mitigation and planning opportunities that we've identified today. The ultimate impact of the tax impact may differ from this estimate due to, among other things, changes in interpretations and assumptions, additional guidance that may be issued by taxing authorities, as well as our operating and structural changes that we may take into result -- take into account as a result of the Act. We expect currency-neutral EPS to be between 4% and 6%. In terms of foreign exchange, for 2018, we expect currency translation to be a favorable impact on sales of approximately three percentage points. We expect currency to be favorable by approximately 1.5 percentage points on adjusted operating profit and adjusted EPS, respectively. Net-net, our 2018 guidance all-in is 6% to 8% sales growth, 6.5% to 8% for operating profit, and 5.5% to 7.5% for EPS. With that, I'd like to pass it over to Andreas for some closing comments.
Richard O'Leary: I think, the other thing for me, Mark, is as we talked about on the last call, I mean, we're still -- it's still unclear to what extent the improvement we've seen late in 2017 and how much of that is going to be volume impacts and inventory at our customer levels and restocking. So, I think that's why -- some of those factors are why we use a wider range this time.
Richard O'Leary: Yes, sure. I mean, I think it -- I mean, just to echo a couple of Andreas' comments. At the end, I think it was a -- it has been a good start to the first quarter from a margin perspective. We've had some -- in Q4, some productivity, some one-off items that we saw in the quarter. As I think about 2018 margin relative to 2017, as you said, Mark, we're going to have pricing increases to cover the normal input cost increases. On top of that, we've got BASF. So, that by definition is going to put pressure on margins for 2018. We've got some of the carryover pricing more in the first half, obviously, in the second half from our customers. So, that's going to put further pressure, I think, in the first half of 2018. And then, as you saw in the operating profit bridge, I mean, the two percentage point net impact that we currently believe is achievable in 2018 for BASF is going to have a direct impact on margin. So, when I look at in total, I'd say that our expectations for margins in 2018 are probably flat to maybe down slightly.
Richard O'Leary: Sure. Thanks Kate. No problem. There's a lot there, but let me try to stick with the highlights. I think top line growth was better than what we expected. So, overall growth in the business was better than what we expected. I think you've heard us talk throughout the year, M&A, particularly, the Flavors, Tastepoint business performed well and probably exceeded expectations. Price input cost was -- I would say is unfavorable. We've had the pricing pressure on, particularly in Fragrances that we've talked about since the middle of the year. So that was a negative. Mix, particularly, in the middle part of the year was a big drag that we talked about on the second and third quarter calls. From a productivity standpoint, I think we were slightly ahead of our goals for 2017 in terms of the profit improvement program. The components may have shifted a little bit, but we're slightly ahead of where we expected to be.
Richard O'Leary: Yes. And Mike, it's primarily Fragrances in terms of BASF. The principal impact on Flavors is on menthol. But the vast majority of the impact is on the Fragrance side, because it's used in so many different formulas. In terms of growth in the two business units in 2018, there is -- I think, it's pretty similar growth expectations for both businesses.
Richard O'Leary: No, I think, Mike, we're -- we actually feel very good. And I think you heard it in Andreas' comments that we're actually well-positioned and we feel good that we've been able to maintain continuity of supply to our customers. However, to do that, we're having to deal with increased input costs and the market pricing has driven dramatically in late -- beginning in October and November when the -- when BASF had first made the announcement. We've had to make choices internally and shift internal capacity. We're vertically integrated. So, part of the impact that we're seeing is we're having to give up external sales on Ingredients in order to give preference to our customers, though it's a variety of factors. Most of that is the input -- the actual cost of the input, cost and some incremental manufacturing expenses to get the product in the right place, some work in terms of Nicolas' team from a creation standpoint to be able to adapt with changes that the customers are asking us for.
Richard O'Leary: Yes, I mean, it's part of our normal pension expenses and what we have to deal with as a company year in, year out. I mean, for a long time, the cost was going up every year, and we were having to absorb it, particularly, post-Lehman crisis when asset returns were hurt significantly. So, it's a function of the overall economics of the business that we've had to deal with over the last several years.
Richard O'Leary: What I can say is that I don't have my cash tax rate off the top of my head. I mean, obviously, if you think about the charge we recorded, it's a $139 million, about $100 million of that is the transitional tax, the remaining part of that is a reevaluation of the deferred tax assets on our balance sheet. That $100 million, the actual amount we're going to have to pay over the next eight years is going to be, probably call it, two-thirds of that number, because of credits we have available. So, from a cash standpoint, that's going to hurt us in 2018 versus 2017, because we're going to have to start to make that payment spread over the next eight years. So, I would expect our cash effective tax rate to be worse than it was in 2017.
Richard O'Leary: Yes. So, I mean, it's overall -- I mean, the effect of -- I mean, big part of that on the compound business in total would have been -- it's about half of the compounds, a little bit, call it one-third of the growth, it's about 10% growth, double-digit growth in compounds in total, and their balance is going to be Fragrance Resources. Fine Fragrance grew -- again, on an organic basis, grew high single-digits, Consumer Fragrance grew low double-digits. So it's pretty strong across the entire business in North America. Win rates were pretty consistent with what we've seen, but the big piece was volume recovery on existing business.
Richard O'Leary: Sure, Faiza. I mean I think there's a couple of things to keep in mind. I mean we've talked -- they are customers, particularly, our global customers. We've talked about this for the last several calls about having significant productivity improvement programs in their business. So, we're not immune to that. We talk about how we deal with that in terms of a combination of pricing, reformulation, substitution, tradeoffs. So, I mean, I think, the pricing pressure was more significant in the middle part of the year. If you look at pricing in Q4 for Fragrances, it was slightly positive. So, I think we talked about during the course of the year that we -- it was going to get better. I think, as I said, I expect to see some carryover impact in early 2018. But it's never easy. I'm never going to sit here and look at Nicolas or Matthias in the face and tell him it's easy to raise prices in their teams. It's a lot of work. It takes a lot of focus and discussion. We've got contracts we have to deal with in terms of when the windows open up, what the thresholds of the increase have to be. So, it takes, I think, over the time and we've shown that pretty consistently over the last 10 years that we can get there. Sometimes, it takes a little bit longer than we want to.
Richard O'Leary: From a cash flow standpoint, Faiza, I mean, clearly 2017 was not a good year. We're down about $160 million year-over-year in cash flow from operations. I mean some of the pieces you're already aware of and everyone is aware of; the litigation settlement, $56 million; working capital was about $45 million higher. It's an increase in terms of cash outflow. I mean we did improve as a percent of sales by about 20 basis points on our core working capital, but it was well below what our expectations were. On top of that, there's probably about a $25 million-or-so impact on our cash flows this year -- or last year, 2017, related to the productivity-improvement program, the acquisitions and the integration costs related to that. So, the balance of it, call it $30 million or so is really around indirect taxes, prepayments, some of the more normal day-to-day stuff. Expectations for next year, obviously, is going to be significantly improved. If you take out just the two -- I'll call them more one-offs, the litigation and the integration-type things and productivity program, that's $80 million in itself. And then we're going to have the increased profitability of the business, and we're certainly targeting improvements in working capital this year. I think, it's going to be -- working capital is probably going to be back-ended, because we're going to have to deal with inventories and pricing associated with citral in the first half of this year. And we'll get the pricing in the second half of the year, as I talked about earlier. So, I think, it's -- the improvement's going to be back-ended. I am happy to say that, if I look at the fourth quarter alone, cash flow in 2017 was only slightly below what we saw in 2016. So, it was a tough start to the year undoubtedly. First nine months of the year was where most of the gap in cash flow generation occurred.
Richard O'Leary: John, there's -- there are so many moving pieces. I think, obviously, that's the biggest piece of it, because I mean we've got executive complements that are headwind we have to deal and manage through the Base Erosion Tax, the BEAT Tax. So, -- but if you the -- if you sort of boil it down on one thing, it's going to be the rate reduction.
Richard O'Leary: Sure. Probably, I'll start with the last one. For the CPGs, it's basically street expectations, which we talked. So, Mike extracted that and we put it in. And on the customer side, we are around about still 50-50, but certainly would have better growth rate on the smaller customer. So, it probably will tilt a bit towards this over the next couple of months.
Richard O'Leary: Sure, it's Rich. Let me try to give -- I think, you heard our comments earlier around -- there's still a fair amount of uncertainty in the market. And so given that, we took a wider range. I mean, I think certainly as we look at the components, we probably have about a 1.5 of growth embedded in the guidance related to pricing. The remaining is the volume impact, but I certainly hope that we can be at the higher end of the range and beat that. I think as Andreas talked about earlier, we've had a good start to the first quarter, but six weeks don't make a year or seven weeks don't make a year. The situation -- the supply situation and the pricing impact and the impact that's going to have as we work that through in both businesses is probably the key drivers on why we've taken a relatively cautious approach in terms of our guidance for 2018.
Richard O'Leary: Yes. No, it's a good question. I mean, I think there's a couple of things. I mean tax is slightly unfavorable, so that's going to be a piece of -- it's a little bit. In 2017, when there is elements of other income that we don't forecast or beat, sort of the miscellaneous items or one-off items really the only thing we embed into our guidance for the current year, i.e. is going to be the interest income component of it. The rest of it, miscellaneous sales and gains, we do not include in that guidance. And then the last piece, there is the -- given what's going on in terms of our pension plans, interest rates, the amortization schedules on the unrecognized gains and losses, the benefit in 2018 versus 2017 for the pension change is a slight headwind also. Interest expense, we're forecasting -- that's the other piece, we're forecasting to be higher in 2018 versus 2017.
Richard O'Leary: We don't -- when I'm breaking out the individual components, I would tell you sort of the big buckets. I mentioned in my comments, Andreas' comments, we talked about unfavorable -- higher input costs in Q4 for the Fragrance business. Pricing was up slightly, but not enough to offset the increased input cost. We've got the negative impact principally related to incentive comp reset and the performance of the business. And to a lesser extent some -- I'll call them, selected investments in RSA. Those are probably the three biggest drivers.
Richard O'Leary: No, it's okay. And the amortization -- sorry and the amortization cost is the other piece of it, which I didn't have to recall.
Richard O'Leary: No, I mean, I would probably say, it's -- I'm not sure I would have called it business as usual, given the investments we've had to make over the last several years in moving plants to work as good partners with the government, both on the Flavor side and our Ingredients business. We talked about that on the -- in the third quarter call, our two Ingredients business. But I mean, we feel good about our ability to operate going forward. I think there's probably been some small intermittent issues where local players are going to have to may be dealing with the government coming down on them. But I wouldn't say there's anything significant from a supply chain issue that we are seeing.
Richard O'Leary: I think part of it -- I think probably the biggest driver, Gunther, is the prior year comp being quite strong.
