Nicolas Mirzayantz: Thank you, Doug, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Compared to a 15% increase in the prior-year period, local currency sales declined 5%, as new business wins and pricing benefits were more than offset by volume declines on existing business. It should be noted that while volume declines on existing business are typical in the Fragrance industry due to the evolution of the portfolio, the year-over-year decrease this quarter was greater than historical averages, as we compared to the 2010 period, where volumes were actually up. In Fine Fragrance & Beauty Care, local currency sales declined 4% against a very strong 24% growth rate in Q3 2010, as new business wins and price increases were more than offset by volume declines with existing customers. Our EAME and Latin America regions were once again pressured the most, as we cycled a 20% growth rate in EAME and a 54% growth rate in Latin America in 2010. Volume growth on existing business in these regions was very strong in Q3 2010, causing significant year-over-year pressure this year, particularly in Latin America, where volumes were up an unprecedented 20%. Functional Fragrance results were similar to year-ago level, as new business wins, the realization of price increases and continued success in the Home Care and Fabric Care categories balanced out volume declines. From a geographic perspective, North America continued to perform well, growing 3%, as Home Care achieved very strong double-digit growth. Fragrance Ingredients was most challenged, as we took strategic price increases to protect margin from rising raw material costs. Unfortunately, the adverse effect on volume was greater than historical correlations and, therefore, had a greater impact on our results. It should be noted that top line performance for our Fragrance compound business, which exclude the 300 basis point drag of Ingredient pressure, was similar to Q2 levels.  Looking at our performance over the course of the first 9 months of 2011, incorporating the pressures of Q3, 5 of our 7 subcategories were positive despite very strong double-digit comparables. Both Fine Fragrance & Beauty Care and Functional Fragrance were up 2% on top of the 25% and 9% growth rate, respectively, reported in the prior year period. The area where we have seen pressure has been Ingredients. However, we fundamentally believe that our strategic price increases are best for the long-term health of our business. From a geographic perspective, the emerging markets continued to outperform the developed markets. Countries such as Brazil, Indonesia, Vietnam, Poland and the Africa region all reported growth on top of the very strong results they delivered last year.  From a profitability standpoint, adjusted operating profit declined $12 million, and adjusted operating profit margin fell 330 basis point to 15.7% versus the year-ago period. We have made very good progress driving margin improvement initiatives to adjust price increases, restructuring savings, strict cost control, increased productivity opportunities, favorable mix and exiting low-margin businesses. But unfortunately, the unprecedent rise in raw material costs and lower volumes has masked our performance. It is my belief that once we exit the inflationary period, however long it may last, we will be better positioned to drive our strategic initiatives and deliver profitable growth. Looking ahead, we do expect top line performance in the fourth quarter to remain under pressure as we continue to experience price-driven volume declines in Ingredients and softness in our more discretionary categories, such as Fine Fragrance & Beauty Care. However, we continue to be encouraged by our level of new wins and believe that our pipeline of new business, resulting from greater access to co-listings and large projects, as we partner more closely with our customers should position us well as we enter 2012. With that, I would like to introduce our Group President of Flavors, Hernan Vaisman.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Art, it's Nicolas. As I say in my prepared remarks, our Fragrance business has been impacted by price-driven volume declines in Ingredients, which is really one of the key area where we saw the pressure. It's an area where we took strategic and proactive pricing to protect margins long term. What we anticipated is pricing actions will have an adverse effect on our Ingredient volumes. The downside pressure was greater than what we have seen historically. Actually, it's 3 points of volume for every point of price. In the rest of our business, we have seen volume on existing business slow due to weaker volume trends associated with the very strong year-ago volume comparison, especially if you look at Q3, but if you bring it down to the first 9 months, we still have positive dynamic. We see also some customers, which are more cautious in their stances, really talking about the uncertain economic environment and being also cautious about inventory and also potential impacts from higher pricing. So if you look at the 2-year, we're still -- 2-year period, we're still in a positive position. Some pressure in Q3, but otherwise, in my remark, if you look on the compounds for the first 9 months, we're positive in the compound business against very, very strong comparables.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Jeff, it's Nicolas. When we look at the different dynamics in our input costs, you have great variations. So were the numbers you were related to was really the aggregate of everything. So we have some parts of the feedstock where we saw the greater pressure than the 13%. And to come back to your second question, for Ingredients, obviously, turpentine is a key components of it, but also petrochemical is also a key drivers.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: If you look at the portfolio, they are still above the previous period. So we still see additional pressure, as Kevin was mentioning, going into next year. And I think that we need to look at which are the key leading indicators to understand why is the movement on feedstock, as some have been showing maybe some reduction in the increase, but still at above level of 2010, 2011. So we see continued pressure going into this.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: We have not seen a deceleration. Actually, we're seeing sometimes, maybe fewer brands, but bigger brands. And we are seeing brands trying to expand into new geography or brands trying to expand into new categories, representing additional opportunities [ph] for us. So we have not seen on the aggregate a deceleration. And as a matter of fact, we have gained access to more business available to us by gaining access to new core list, and now we're seeing the amount of projects on which we're working moving forward the absolute dollar value being greater than last year at the same period.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: I think that we saw an acceleration in Q1. We're way above the market. Way above the category or market growth. So it is possible that people have build to a -- to build inventory for the year. But lately, what we're seeing is that people are actually more cautious for the future, and they want to make sure that they are managing their inventory, managing their working capital. It's probably affecting some categories more than some others. And that's what we're seeing across the portfolio.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: I mean, I think it's very difficult to see because we're coming from 2 extreme years, 2009, where you have so much destocking; 2010, when we saw restocking. So it's very difficult right now to make any assumption in terms of the different cycles.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: The backlog is very good and also not just for 2012, but also for 2013, where we've been able to already secure some significant projects that will flow into 2013. So I see the win rate is still very strong. And not only is still very strong, but we have access to more business by gaining access to new core listing and getting access to brands we're expanding.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Lauren, it's Nicolas. First of all, it's important to underscore the we have very, very different portfolio. So the makeup of portfolio is very different and the portfolio as to deals related to input costs. And therefore, some of our portfolio required a greater level of ingredients in marketplace. We have also very different competitors in the different portfolio in which we compete. So it's very, very difficult to go for like-for-like. And we are sometimes in very, very different types of portfolio.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Correct. That is correct. And also, if you look at some of the dynamics and what has captured some of the specialty Ingredients also include some Flavors Ingredients. So the numbers are also more difficult to compare.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: It's very difficult to have visibility and difficult to comment on what they're planning to do. I think that as we can read in the industry, all across, everybody is facing the same input cost pressure, so you expect people to adjust and adjust their strategy according to it. But it's very difficult to comment from what other people will be doing.
Hernan Vaisman: Thank you, Nicolas, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Marking the 25th consecutive quarter of growth, I'm happy to report that local currency sales in the third quarter grew 8%, led by double-digit increase in Savory and a high single-digit increase in Beverage. In North America, our capabilities in sodium and sweet modulation once again drove high single-digit growth, a trend that has been ongoing for 6 straight quarters. For the 7th consecutive quarter, our EAME region continued to achieve at least big ]ph] single-digit growth. Once again, within the region Eastern and Central Europe, Africa and the Middle East, all grew strong double digits. Western Europe also posted growth, as our innovative naturalist portfolio continued to provide us with a competitive advantage to win key new business. In Latin America, all categories were positive, led by double-digit growth in Confectionery and Savory. On a country level, it's worth noting that we have seen trends in Mexico deteriorate relative to first half performance, as consumers are being impacted by the economy. Fortunately, our results continue to be strong, led by our geographic diversity, as countries like Brazil, our largest Latin American market, grew double digits. Last, but not least, our best performing region in both dollar growth and percentage change was Greater Asia. Performance in these regions sequentially improved from the second quarter, growing 10% at every category reported strong growth, highlighted by Beverage, where we achieved high double-digit growth.  Consequent with the previous 2 quarters, the impact of exiting low-profit business in the third quarter was approximately $1.5 million. Going forward, it should be noted that we plan to exit additional business, specifically in 2012, as we believe exiting certain underperforming business is our best option to maximize shareholder value. I expect the impact of exiting these business will be greater than what we exceeded throughout 2011, and therefore believe that the quality of our sales growth going forward will be better as we further develop our more profitable businesses. For the 8th consecutive quarter, our emerging markets business continued to grow double digits. This performance was driven by the BRIC countries, including one extra eye for Indonesia where each country achieved a double-digit growth rate. Turning to profits, third quarter operating profit increased 13% or $8 million to $71 million as accelerated sales, including volume growth and pricing that's continued cost discipline drove results. Operating profit margin declined 10 basis points versus the previous year to 20.9%, as pricing actions and cost control initiative virtually cover the impact of higher raw material costs. Looking ahead, we have started the fourth quarter well, led by strong new business wins. Pricing initiatives should help to reduce the impact of raw material cost, and we expect that our focus on controlling costs should allow us to sustain momentum and finish 2011 with strong operational performance. With that, let me turn it over to Kevin.
Hernan Vaisman: It's Hernan here. While we are in the process of revalidating this technology we'll be launching officially in the first quarter, we see really very good and positive -- we have very positive expectation, but will be seeing ramping out -- ramping up I mean, the business more strongly in 2013.
Hernan Vaisman: At this point in time, we would not, I mean, open this kind of information. But as I mentioned in my scripts, I -- we believe that we will be much higher than we have today. We will not open any time because we are still negotiating with customers and we haven't finalized, I mean, the decision of exiting or not. But I can tell you that it was much higher than what we have so far in 2011.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Kevin. Looking towards the fourth quarter, we expected the Flavors trends to remain strong, driven by our health and wellness portfolio and the emerging markets. Fragrance sales are expected to remain under some pressure, as we continue to experience price-driven volume declines in Ingredients, although improved versus Q3, and some softness in our more discretionary categories, such as Fine Fragrance. While we continue to expect greater pricing benefits in the fourth quarter, the gap between raw material costs and price increases is expected to remain. When combined with the reduction in our Fragrance volume outlook, gross margin in the fourth quarter is expected to decline versus Q3 levels. Nevertheless, we will continue to focus on controlling costs in quarter 4 to drive operational performance above our 7% to 9% operating profit growth target, which is expected to lead to a year-over-year improvement in operating profit margin. It should be noted that despite our strong profit performance, Q4 earnings per share will be challenged, as we will compare to a lower effective tax rate of 21.1% in the prior year period. On a full year basis, given our year-to-date performance plus our more cautious outlook for Q4, we now expect local currency sales and adjusted earnings per share growth to approach the lower end of our long-term ranges. Despite the headwinds previously mentioned, we continue to believe we can deliver adjusted operating profit growth above our long-term targets, driven by our efforts in pricing, the benefit of previous restructuring activities and cost control initiatives. In summary, we are pleased with our year-to-date performance in light of the challenging operating environment and the exceptional base period established last year, where we grew 14%. Upon entering 2011, the environment in which we conduct business was very different relative to where we are today. Unprecedented raw material cost increases, consumer concerns, global economic uncertainty and foreign exchange volatility. As such, I would like to acknowledge the IFF team ability to adapt both strategically and operationally during difficult times to deliver these solid results. As we look forward, we are cautiously optimistic and confident that our business, supported by a culture of excellence, will remain strong, and that our financial results will provide strong returns for our shareholders longer term. In times such as these, diversity is a compelling characteristic. Fortunately, the wide variety of products that we sell across many countries around the world to the thousands of customers we have helps us remain confident in our ability to deliver our financial targets longer term. We expect that we can continue to enhance our performance as we make progress against the strategic plan. By leveraging our geographic reach, strengthening our innovation platform, maximizing our portfolio, we believe we can drive commercial performance that will lead to greater shareholder value. Thank you for your attention. With that, we will be happy to take any questions that you may have.
Douglas D. Tough: Lauren, it's Doug. A couple of points. Just touching off the final -- or another point. We've not, on the Fragrance business, we've not seen any material changes in core listing and, in fact, have had some gains, which gives us more confidence going forward. So some of your questions or issues are well founded. We're digging into the facts, too. But as you drill down the various elements that could be a part of it, certainly, the opportunity for core listing is key, and there's only good signs there. On your other point and the more important one, I mean, I think we were ahead of the curve on both pricing actions. But at the time, we took some of that pricing actions, these conversations now going back better part of 12 months, they were all earmarked around pricing or cost expectations in the mid-single digits and the creek continued to rise, if you will, throughout the year necessitating follow-up rounds of pricing. And as Kevin mentioned a few moments ago, we now expect for the full year the cost impact from raw materials perspective on the company is going to be 10% or roughly double what we first envisioned. So that has necessitated taking pricing. So -- and we will continue to do so. And against the expectation of margins to enable us to invest in the business, we will need to continue to come back and take pricing not only on those parts which may be disadvantaged in order to rectify the situation, but also on the core product portfolio. So if prices continue -- if Ingredients continue to go up next year as we expect they will modestly, we will need to engage our customers to price to recover that.
Douglas D. Tough: In a couple of cases, John, that has been the case for the $4 million that we've mentioned. Now you're right in terms of the gradient of trying to work with a customer to understand the situation and the profitability and then reformulation. We'll continue to do those. And I expect that there's going to be ultimate outcomes on each of those options. But they're concluding option 3 where if it is a low value added, and we don't have a competitive advantage, and the customer has a cheaper opportunity that's not giving us the margin that we need, there will be some businesses that we would readily exit.
Douglas D. Tough: Well, the $50 million was a holistic response to the strategic options. And as we've said, it's a small part at this time. But the exiting the business and so on, that is a very small, small part of that total profitability improvement.
Douglas D. Tough: Certainly. on Ingredients, Erik, I think that's a possibility, depending upon the feedstock implications and the input costs. Certainly, on -- where we talked a lot about the need for further pricing, it's conceivable. It's in that area. But it's more conceivable on the more traditional formulas we have in Flavors and in Fragrances, where there -- the key Ingredients there would necessitate pricing. So where it's a function of a commodity, we'd have to recognize the market, and that's what we did in our initial pricing actions, but on our core formulas with products, we would continue to take pricing. And there's just one little caveat I'd like to go back and touch upon, and that was really in response to the softness and so on. We lost some business to competitors that were pricing it at lower levels in anticipation of their ability to get some -- the product supply. In some cases, that's now appearing perhaps not to be the case in some of the business that we lost to lower-priced competitors. Some of those customers are now coming back and inquiring about the availability of supply. So, I mean, we stand by the strategic moves we've made and because they're pricing and shareholder-driven. But if we have to adjust prices on some of the items, which are commodities, we'll certainly consider that.
Douglas D. Tough: That would be correct. And certainly, some of the pricing that we had taken in anticipation of improvements was taken and was frankly subsumed by the raw material cost increases that were higher than we first thought. And to a degree, we took one step forward, and we took one step backward and have to revisit all those discussions with customers, and we're doing so. But the other parts of the profit of that improvement plan really flow out of some of the strategic initiatives we are taking in R&D and in penetrating new geographies and new markets, and those will be the catalysts for the lion's share of that growth.
Douglas D. Tough: Well, I think we -- the challenge we all have, John, and it will be a challenge, but it's a challenge we have to take up, is to go to those customers and explain with facts and data and rationale and specific pricing, where we are, and the unacceptable position we are in and the need to negotiate those prices. So that challenge which was there last year and was taken up positively with the team, then the benefits of that were lost to the higher pricing that we encouraged to near [ph], so we go back and take a swing at again.
Kevin C. Berryman: Mark, this is Kevin. Just to augment some of the things that Nicolas talked about. We did take, as you suggested in your question, the pricing fairly proactively in the first initial stages of 2012 -- excuse me, 2011. And certainly, that has impacted the Ingredients business that Nicolas has already referred to in his commentary and his response to the question. So there clearly is a dynamic there that is affecting the volume characteristics of that business. At some point in time, we will get through the pricing implications as it relates to that. And we do fundamentally believe that the price stances that have been taken for that business are holistic and appropriate as it relates to ensuring we have the appropriate margin profile going longer term. So that's one point. I also think that if you look at the kind of the 2-year, we still are at rates that are above the growth for the category. And so, yes, while we're seeing a deceleration versus the very strong numbers that we saw a year ago, that's just a natural -- from my perspective, at least a portion of it, is a natural progression of the working through the numbers that were so strong year ago. So the 2-year numbers still are indicative of on a year-over-year basis that we'll be able to gain share versus the overall industry. And we'll have to see how we play out over the course of the balance of this year and through 2012.
Kevin C. Berryman: We're not going to comment a lot on 2012 at this particular point in time. We will see if, in fact, to -- if things don't materially change, we'll see a headwind as it relates to the reset of incentive comp next year. We'll give -- we'll provide more details on that when we give the specifics relative to our final Q4 numbers, as well as the outlook for 2012, though. Yes.
Kevin C. Berryman: Lauren, let me make some additional commentary on that, hopefully, to help you look there is clear that the volume on our existing business has shown some incremental softness versus what we have seen in the past. That's clear. Our wins continue to hold up consistent with the levels that we've seen in the first -- over the last couple of quarters, as a matter of fact. So what it really is, is some volumes that we have seen in terms of our existing business. And so, certainly, as Nicolas talked about, some of that is relative to the strong comparable. Some of it could perhaps be about some of the pricing actions that we took and various other things that Nicolas has already talked to. But I think that's what we can comment on at this particular point in time.
Kevin C. Berryman: Just a few additional comments. What we are seeing is the numbers for input costs, while they're slightly up versus where we have been talking, and certainly, as Doug suggested, significantly up versus 12 months ago on what our expectations would've been back then. What's happened is that the costs have remained relatively elevated and versus where we are in the markets, that's what has surprised us ultimately, which is translating into the input costs being a little bit higher. And I think that as Doug has suggested, we'll look to take the pricing necessary to continue to cover those incremental costs.
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, at the end of the day, if you have a volume decline, it's not exactly clear what's going to be driven by your price. But we took a very proactive stance on those pricing initiatives. So as we've talked about, there was a 3:1 ratio as it relates to our pricing versus volume. So it certainly was a big part of it.
Kevin C. Berryman: It would depend upon other players in the industry and what their pricing stances are. We feel good about our pricing as it relates to the holistic perspective of ensuring we have the appropriate margin profile going forward.
Kevin C. Berryman: This is Kevin. I'll take a crack at that. Look, I think we certainly have taken pretty significant pricing over the course of the year. And as discussed, we have a 3% number in the period. But keep in mind -- in the quarter, excuse me, keep in mind, that we did see a slight elevation in the input costs that flowed through the P&L in Q3. So we lost a little bit there, and I've already described that in the presentation. The other point that I think is important to note is we would have originally thought that in the first -- when we were talking around the midpoint of the year, that we get some additional pricing that was flow through in Q4. Some of that is actually happening, and some of it will end up benefiting us in Q1 of next year. That's probably the change from where we were at the mid-year point.
Kevin C. Berryman: We were very close to having pricing in place by the end of the year relative to what our expectations on input costs were at that point in time. I would say 90% plus. We're little bit light of that, given the higher levels of input costs. And consequently, some of the pricing actions that we've been discussing are going to end up occurring in the first quarter of next year to ensure that we have the ability to cover those incremental costs.
Kevin C. Berryman: I'll take a crack again. I don't kind of think that we would necessarily see that as an issue at this point in time. We certainly are in a volatile situation given the input cost dynamic that we've been facing and the strong pricing that we've taken, specifically on the Ingredients business. And I think Doug has already addressed how we would see ourselves addressing pricing going forward on the Ingredient business. And I think that if we saw some reductions in input costs, we certainly would consider that within the Ingredients business on some of the lower value-added items that are in the portfolio.
Kevin C. Berryman: I think as Hernan has already talked about, October started strong in the Flavors business. And I would say that we haven't seen any worsening through October as it relates to the Fragrance top line. And we'll, obviously, continue to monitor that. I think that what we said is that the full year number of 4% is pretty close to our year-to-date figures as it is. So that doesn't imply a big swing one way or the other as it relates to what Q4 might look like. I mean, we're in rounding numbers here, Mark.
