Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF’s fourth quarter full year 2019 conference call. Yesterday evening, we distributed a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay on our website.Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we’ll be making forward-looking statements about the Company’s performance, particularly with regard to the outlook for the first quarter and full year 2020. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty.For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K filed on February 26, 2019, and our press release.Today’s presentation include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued yesterday and is posted on our website.With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Rustom Jilla, who will begin with prepared remarks, and then take any questions that you may have.With that, I would now like to introduce Andreas.
Michael DeVeau: So, it would be -- John, this is Mike. There’s no change from what we communicated back in December. As we progress through this year, obviously, there’s the separation component that the DuPont team is working on from that standpoint. And then as we progress concurrently, we’re working to look at doing the appropriate filings with the SEC, specifically, the Form 4, that will probably come, let’s call it, mid-year. And then after that, we’ll move into the voting discussion.
Michael DeVeau: Yes. I think, the second question and then just as kind of a point for just a reminder perspective, I think Lauren was asking -- looking at the organic growth from a Frutarom perspective, ex the ex the 53rd week, ex the three days, I think the run rate number or the right number is probably flat in the quarter. And so how does that transfer as we go forward, the confidence level at...
Andreas Fibig: Mark, thank you. First of all, on the guidance range, that was certainly a discussion we had internally. What do we do in an environment where we are in, which is a pretty, let’s say, volatile. It’s on one hand, certainly, the corona situation, I’ll come to that in a second. And then also tariffs, which are not easy to plan. But corona was probably the tipping point for us because it’s very hard to quantify, but we know that it will have an impact. With our manufacturing plants actually closed up to last Monday, Tuesday, well, we opened it. We have relatively soft demand. We will see whether we will make it up. We have seen that we have also modest cost increases already on particularly on transportation.We have to make sure that we manage our inventory well in this situation because you have, let’s say, disruptions in the supply chain. And one of our bigger customers also said that the travel retail is actually pretty down because people are not traveling too much any longer. Just to give you one very personal example, my family came back from Europe yesterday. My wife told me in Frankfurt that the at the border control, there was nobody else. And the airplane, Lufthansa airplane was a smaller one than before, and it was just half booked, so just as to validate what we are seeing and reading. So we said it’s probably a prudent thing to widen the guidance range because we just don’t know. We hope at least that we will make it up. And as I said, our manufacturing plants are open again, and we are starting to manufacture, and it seems to be all good. But that’s how we see it. And I hand it over to Rustom to talk a bit about the guidance.
Andreas Fibig: Yes, okay, absolutely. And I’ll take it, but please, Rustom, you add here. First of all, as we said before, we have basically access to three more very important core lists on the Scent side. What we see is that the team is executing with the customer very, very closely now on new projects. We will see already some good wins in 2020, but the bulk of it will probably come in 2021. But we see that this is working out very well. And I was myself at the BIC Congress, ACI, the American Cleaning Institute, and I talked myself to many customers. And particularly, the ones where we have won the new core lists, and that’s very positive because they’re happy with the innovation provided by IFF, and the projects are already starting to ramp up. That’s number one. Number two, and that was super important for us last year. We saw the inflection point now with the Taste business. We had basically three, almost four quarters, not so great growth. It was fourth quarter in 2018 and then up to the third quarter in 2019. And we saw that many of our bigger CPG customers had very slow volumes. Not that we were losing businesses but just the volume was very, very low of our business with these customers. And we had on the other hand a very good win rate over the course of the year, and that started to materialize now in the fourth quarter. And we see already a good start into the first quarter as well with good January numbers. So, it looks like that we are coming back on the Taste business to our usually average growth rates. And when I go back here on my spreadsheet, the last three years, the average CAGR was 3.9%, last five years 3.7%. And that’s certainly a number the business can achieve.Then, on top of it, we look at the Frutarom business, I just gave the answer to Mark. It’s a bit backloaded in general because of the cycling through of the topics I just mentioned. Well, what comes on top of it, we see actually a good activity now on the cross-selling. It started slower than we expected, but right now, we have run about 1,000 projects which have significant value for us, where we see that we can combine our products, that we can cross-sell products into combined customers. And that’s something which is really, really good and gives us confidence that the growth is will be good in our core business over the course of 2020. So that’s how we see it. I don’t know, Rustom, whether you want to add anything.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. John, that’s a very, very good question. Let me address it into two parts. The first thing, if I look at total employee population of legacy Frut, we have actually lower attrition rates, voluntary attrition rates than we had before, which is actually pretty good, knocking on wood, it stays like that. And on the key employees, we didn’t lose key employees we didn’t want to lose. And that’s a good, let’s say, message for us as well. Some of them are driving important businesses for us. For example, the leader of the Inclusions business, which is really driving it, the Savory solutions business. They’re all leader from the legacy Frut unit.
Andreas Fibig: And closing has not changed. We believe that first quarter next year is very realistic. And we don’t expect any antitrust issues here with the two businesses.
Andreas Fibig: I think, PJ, good question. We are done with destocking for, let’s say, third quarter last year. Fourth quarter was already done. And I think it has reflected very nicely in the rebound of our business in the Taste division, so we are very happy with that.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Absolutely. It’s happening through Tastepoint, and we’re doing it for some of the bigger customers as well. What we see here is, in particular, on the Food Protection side, very good sales. So Food Protection is basically antioxidants to increase the shelf life. That’s something where cross-selling works very, very well. We see it in the first examples on Natural Colors and on the Inclusion business, which you see the legacy Taura one. We see it in the number of projects, as I mentioned. We have around about 1,000 different projects running with a value of more than $100 million. Not all of them will hit certainly this year, but it shows the strength. If I would look back maybe one year, 1.5 years, I would have hoped it comes faster. But I have to say now, since we are having a really dedicated good team on it and exploring it more, it comes much better than we have expected. So little slower than I would have wished for but higher in terms of the opportunities than we have seen before. I hope that helps, P.J.
Andreas Fibig: Actually, I think that’s perfectly fine. Rustom, fantastic in the third week. No, just one word on the CapEx to give it to contextualize it a bit. As we said before, last year was our highest CapEx spending for all the reasons I said during the call, because we did a lot of investments. We have to finish off this year. And from the next year onwards, the CapEx plan is much lower and it goes more to a maintenance level of 3% to 3.5%. Because we are finishing up India and China this year, the creative centers, centers are done. And then we have just the maintenance investments, which is actually a good sign for us, and it will have a positive impact on the cash flow.
Andreas Fibig: Should I get started? I’ll start. Adam, so we do own about 6% of our combined sales in China. That’s China for China, so to say. On the travel retail, I can’t tell you now because it has usually a time lag. It comes from our customers. But if you look at our one of our big beauty and cosmetic customers, they just made an announcement, and that made us think as well what the impact might be. And then the third piece is that we have, we are sourcing some of our fragrance ingredients out of China. And we certainly have other suppliers in China as well. Here, we feel much better, of course, since the factory is and that specific factory is opened since last Tuesday, we are probably on safe grounds that we can supply our ingredients to the rest of the company. But that was a bit of a worry for us as well, whether we can export out of China. So 6%, China for China. Travel retail, we don’t know. We’re just listening to our customers because they are closer to the frontier. And then on production out of China, we believe we are good on this side.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Absolutely. And it’s more timing than anything else on that one. And the good thing is that the raw material prices are now softening, again, which is helpful for this year. We certainly have taken last year, in a couple of moments, inventory positions, just to make sure that we can supply our customers, but that seems to stabilize.
Andreas Fibig: I would say, confidence level is pretty high right now that when we cycle through these one-times, and Lauren mentioned it and maybe when we’re next week at CAGNY, we have more time to talk about it. When we go through the Russia topic from the commercial or legally, we are through. When CitraSource is basically cycling through and we see a recovery of the Natural Colors raw materials, then we will see actually good mid-single-digit growth going forward. And we will provide some visibility on this one as well. Where it is tough, and I’m building here on Rustom’s comment on to create visibilities on the cross sales. And you see cross sales is 0.5% to 1% point growth for this year. And most of it actually, it comes out of the Frutarom portfolio and that’s tough to track. But, I think you can model it that most part of it comes out of the Frutarom portfolio, and that should be helpful for you when you model the legacy Frut business. But we are bringing it together with Taste as actually two reasons. One is a very practical business reason. It is helping with our cross-selling activities and bringing the technologies and the people very well together. That’s number one. And the second one is in gearing up for the N&B integration, it simplifies our structure because we will have them in the first quarter next year, another change. And we thought it’s a prudent thing to do exactly that. I hope it helps, Lauren.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. It’s a fair point because we had for some of these, we had double-running costs because when you close down a factory, and basically, the receiving end, you have to ramp up already and to get it into the new one. I think that’s important. And that will go away because we have closed down 10 factories last year. We will do another dozen probably until October of this year. So these double-running costs, at least for the 10 we have closed, it’s gone. I think that’s good. And then we had a couple of smaller divestitures versus previous year as well, and that’s impacting it.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Because -- and let me explain why many of the savings are coming from procurement. And we see procurement synergies also in the Scent business because we just get some of the raw materials to better price, transportation. We have significant savings, for example, of packaging material, and that’s the reason why you see it in the different businesses as well. But in general, the number is right.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Thank you very much for the discussion and the good questions. I hope I will see many of you during CAGNY, next week. That’s number one. And then, we have certainly, as usual, a lot of one-o-ones planned. Have a good day. And see you soon.
Rustom Jilla: Sure. Thanks. Thank you, Mark. Very little to add there except specifically, we didn’t quantify on the coronavirus because it’s too early. It’s just too early to tell and understand it. And but what we did do was widen the ranges, and we can come back at some point subsequent in the year as we know more.
Rustom Jilla: Just one thing probably in pricing and in Scent, pricing and Fragrance Ingredients. But otherwise, I think you covered it all.
Rustom Jilla: So yes, I mean, look, mix sales mix definitely. I mean sales mix was in there. And nothing structural, really, as we look at our and we’re probably going to see gross margins recover as we go into the early part of this year in 2020.
Rustom Jilla: So, Lauren, it’s Rustom. Let me have a crack first at how we’re -- the second part is how we track it and how we manage it. So, yes, we are going to report as two segments, but what we are going to do over the course of the year in 2020 is we’re going to, as much as possible, track the Frutarom elements separately too. Now, remember, as we continue to integrate, there will be some sales that come from Frutarom that now show up that naturally migrate over into the legacy Taste part of the business. Right? So, it won’t be perfect, but we’re going to do our absolute best for ourselves as much as anything else to track and control that. Then...
Rustom Jilla: So, part of this would be currency, the currency impact as we go through the numbers. And part of the, I guess, the cost synergies that we have also have been associated with extra cost that we put in as we take out the synergies to, right? Sometimes the double operation of factories and the migration as we consolidate.
Rustom Jilla: Sorry. I was going to cut in there. That number is the right number, but it’s going to be spread across the three businesses, the business units. Well, 2, as we go into next year.
