Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Shelley. In the third quarter, we achieved strong momentum in many areas of the business, propelled by new wins in both business units and continued execution of our 3-pillar strategy. We are pleased with both our top line and bottom line growth momentum. We delivered local currency sales growth of 4% for the consolidated company, reflecting 5% growth in Fragrances and 3% growth in Flavors. Both business units benefit from a high, continued level of new wins which are meaningful since they continue to be based on our proprietary technology, the strength of our creation capabilities and our deep understanding of consumer tastes and preferences. Our overall performance was led by 8% growth in the emerging markets. For the first half of 2013, the emerging markets grew at 9.5%. Emerging market growth remains quite high and is more than twice the level of the developed markets. The BRIC countries grew at 9% this quarter, and we also had strong growth in Indonesia, Mexico, Turkey and Singapore. We continue to believe that our emerging market growth strategy is robust since it is based on providing Fragrance and Flavors to markets where consumer demand and engagement is growing based on increases in disposable income. This quarter, we also had strong growth in the more mature markets of Western Europe, including France, Spain and Germany. We are very encouraged by the progress we are making in growing all aspects of our portfolio. As you may know, we are not dependent on any one product, country or category for our growth. It is this diversity which provides us with more stability and enables us to achieve ongoing growth. To provide greater perspective on the top line, we entered the quarter knowing that we faced a more challenging comparison to the prior year. As you may recall in 2012, our local currency sales growth improved meaningfully throughout the year, from 3% in the first half the year to 8.5% in the second half the year. In the quarter, third quarter of 2012, our growth was 7%. Our 4% growth for this year on a 2-year stack basis equates to an average growth of 6%, which is in the range of growth projections for the business. We are also pleased with the momentum we achieved in the bottom line. The volume gains combined with a stable raw material cost environment resulted in continued expansion in our gross profit margins of 170 basis points over prior year quarter to 44.2%. And we're able to hold our gross margins steady with the second quarter of 2013. As planned, we reinvested some of this profitability into our R&D platforms so that we can strengthen our foundation for growth in the short term, medium term and longer term. Our adjusted gross margin expansion more than offset the increased research expense of this quarter, including a performance milestone to our biotechnology partner, Amyris, and resulted in operating profit growth of 7%. We also achieved below-the-line leverage in other income and expenses due to a reversal of the foreign exchange losses on working capital that we had experienced last quarter. As a result, our adjusted earnings per share increased 13% over the prior-year quarter. On a year-to-date basis, our performance is in line with our long-term targets for the business of 4% to 6% top line growth, 7% to 9% operating profit growth and 10%-plus earnings per share growth. For the first 3 quarters, like-for-like local currency sales growth was 6% and was made up of 6% like-for-like growth for Flavors and 5% growth for Fragrances. This growth was propelled by our emerging market strategy as well as our strong level of new wins. This marks the sixth consecutive quarter of year-over-year improvements in our profitability and metrics. We believe this reflects the strength of our strategies as executed by our global teams and their ability to execute in the marketplace. Year-to-date gross margins are up 210 basis points over prior year, reflecting the success of our strategic improvement initiatives in enhancing our gross margin profile combined with a benign raw material cost environment. Our adjusted operating profit increased 10%, and at the same time, we were able to invest 8.5% of our sales in R&D. On a year-to-date basis, our earnings per share increased 13%. And given our performance to date and the expected performance in the fourth quarter, we expect to deliver on our long-term targets for 2013. I would now like to turn the call over to Nicolas Mirzayantz, our Group President, Fragrances.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Kevin, Hernan and Nicolas for the comments. We are pleased with our momentum on both sides of the business and believe we are well positioned for growth both due to our steady pulse with product innovations, our infrastructure and our feet on the ground in the faster growing markets, our relationships with both our global and regional customers as well as our deep consumer knowledge of global consumers and innovative solutions on how to drive consumer engagement. Looking forward, we expect to be able to deliver continued growth in the fourth quarter, noting that we will be comparing our performance to a much more challenging quarter and that the environment still poses certain challenges. We have started the fourth quarter well and are optimistic about our forecast. We have the right teams in place to continue to provide customers with superior customized products that deliver improved performance to consumers. Our perspective for 2013 remains in line with our long-term growth targets. We expect to deliver local currency growth in the range of 4% to 6%, supported by continued new wins and volume growth in the faster growing and more mature markets. We expect to grow our operating profit in line with our long-term growth targets of 7% to 9% as we continue to stress efficiency in all that we do, exercising financial discipline while nonetheless investing in required growth activity. And finally, we are optimistic that we will be able to deliver greater than 10% earnings per share growth. In conclusion, we believe our strong performance at IFF this quarter is the result of strong execution of our strategy to leverage our geographic footprint, strengthen our innovation platform and maximize our portfolio. We believe we are very well positioned in the market, and we plan to continue to selectively invest in those areas where we see the most growth, whether in regions, countries or categories. We continue to focus on executing our 3-pillar strategy. Thank you for your participation. And I will now open up the call to questions.
Douglas D. Tough: Sure, Mark. I'll be glad to provide the color. I guess, just a couple of generation comments. I think we probably categorize this quarter as moderate as well. And you're trying to dimensionalize some targets. But I think I want to just put into context a couple of things and tie them together which have come out in this morning's call. I mean, I think we've touched upon -- the last year in Q4 of 2012 was our most challenging. And on a like-for-like basis, Fragrances is going up against 13% growth and Flavors is going up 7%, which are significant targets. So that was kind of the context of putting in moderate. We expect as we've kind of achieved the year somewhere in the range of 5% YTD through the first 9 months we'll end the year generally in that range as well. So our context of moderate is still satisfactory results and ending up in the range, but we're cognizant that we've got the most stretching target. But the last comment here is looking at our Q4 order book progress to date, it's very positive on both sides of the house. And it's most encouraging on Fragrances so far because it's up against the most challenging target. But Hernan has already touched upon the expectation that there'll be a resumption of more traditional growth above what we did in Q3. So putting them all together, we're optimistic. But it's early. And the one other complicating factor is a lot of companies, including this one, were slightly disrupted year ago by the hurricane which hit the East Coast, so the comparability to the order book isn't going to get sorted out for a couple of weeks yet. But so far, what we see is quite positive. So moderate, Mark, is really quite encouraging and an expectation of broad continuation of what we've done, YTD.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you very much for your participation in reviewing the IFF third quarter results. We're confident with our strategy, and we look forward to updating you in 3 months on Q4 results. Thanks very much.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: And Mark, really, as I have mentioned, it's continued momentum and good traction in Compounds and somehow muted by the strong comp from last year, but the momentum is still there.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Look, it depends where you are around the world obviously; and it's very, very different region to region. Obviously, our numbers are augmented by a very, very strong pipeline of new wins this year. We had a very strong new wins of activity. But overall, the overall order book is positive, but people obviously remain cautious for the holiday season. Now I understand that there are some pockets of pressure in different parts of the world, but this is offset by a good pipeline of new wins for us.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: I think that you have to take into consideration 2 different dynamics, Michael. First, the strong comp of 12% last year, number 1. And also, it's coming on the heels of also a very strong second quarter at plus 13.5%. So probably, some of the launch we have some early intake for the pipeline. So we were putting these 2 quarters into perspective but also compared to last year. And it is true that a lot of the new wins intake and measure initiatives impacted us positively in Q2, and we have the same magnitude of intake for Q3.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: I think that -- Silke, it's Nicolas. I think that we're getting tractions by getting access to more quality [ph] opportunities, new business opportunities. We have to remember for some categories some customers are manufacturing in North America for the rest of the world, so there are maybe also related to some performance of some of our key partners. But overall, we're getting traction, and we're getting access to more business opportunity. And the pipeline of new wins for the future and the pipeline of new projects that we're working on is strong and healthy.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: No, that's not what I meant. I said that some customers are manufacturing in North America for the rest of the world, so some challenge that might be seen in some parts of the world are affecting our local sales in North America.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Silke, it's Hernan. One more comment following your question regarding North America. I mean in some way complementing what Kevin mentioned. If you go like-for-like basis, in last year North America Flavors has a growth of double digit. And this year, like-for-like is 6%. So I could say that the performance of North Africa Flavors in the last year was very really, very positive.
