Andreas Fibig: Okay, Mark, I will take it. The emerging markets in the first quarter where particular strong, Latin America by around about 10% and greater Asia by five plus nine. What we see in terms of the different categories in particular the Consumer Fragrance in Latin America in high teens, as well as Flavors high single and Savory Solutions in high teens as well, so really, really good results, probably strongest from the multinationals specifically in the HPC field. In Asia was all about Consumer Fragrance as well. So mid teens, really good, Taste in high single digits, most required to COIVD-19, I would say.And here, in Asia, very much across both multinationals, as well as regional and locals. Frutarom, as we said, is probably around about 4% growth with some benefits of small M&A, but still very, very good performance.I would say country-wise it depends where the COVID-19 wave has started. We have seen the first impact in Asia, particularly in China, then it moved to Europe, then to the U.S. and Latin America. So that’s probably what you can see in the first quarter.In terms of the pipeline, our pipeline remains strong also into the second quarter. But having said all of that, it is really different from customer to customer. I can say, also for us, our creative labs are basically almost all open. They are working on new launches. They are working on, lets say, better, lets say, improvements of some of the products. So all in all, I would say a very strong picture, certainly impact on Fine Fragrance because – and you heard this from our customer base as well, which is not positive, but all the essential products are really going actually very, very strong. Rustom you might comment on that.
Andreas Fibig: Let me start probably with the second part of your question first. So combination with the DuPont N&B business is fully on, on track. And if you look at the product portfolio, its now among the industry in particular are in this COVID-19 situation, one of the most robust ones and very diverse. We are in all of the categories, number one and number two in the market. We have a great R&D pipeline with combined spend upon around about $550 million, more than 9,000 patents granted. So I believe very, very robust. And as you have seen the N&B results in the first quarter as well, it shows its an essential business. Probiotics are going gangbusters and many of the other portfolio areas, as well.Coming back to the integration piece, so as you know, we have formed an IMO as an Integration Management Office, we cleared antitrust in the U.S. we filed in Europe and in China. The combined integration planning team can do a lot, which is even in these challenging times and I’m very, very pleased how they work together all over Zoom or Skype. Of course, its very, very interesting. So we really make sure that we are ready for the day one. The next up on the schedule is the shareholder vote in September, then the financing and then the close, hopefully in the first quarter of 2021.So I have to say that this COVID-19 has further solidified our position. Strategic logic is very strong, very resilient business, very great market position. And I believe we’re in a very, very good spot right now.
Andreas Fibig: Sure, absolutely Faiza. Let me get started and then I hand it over to Rustom. It is hard to disaggregate the underlying demand versus stockpiling. But when we talk with many of our customers and we believe on the Consumer Fragrance side, certainly, the activity in washing clothes and detergent, the softness – its very much demand, its not so much stockpiling here. I think we see this. We see also all the hygiene products are really used. Its not just that people put it in the pantry. That’s what we see.And also on the food side when you talk to some of our customers, the yogurts are going like there’s no tomorrow, which is probably not a big surprise to all of us because working-from-home, instead of going to the company cafeteria, you go to the fridge and pull yogurt and that’s your lunch. So we see some categories very much its consumption, its moving, but I cant give you all the details.What is for us right now really important is on the consumer insight side. We do all of our studies, we know how the consumer behaves right now, but what is sustainable so that we really can orient ourselves in terms of our R&D and the new product development towards things which might, will come. We believe that everything in terms of sanitizing will stay. We believe also that many of the health products, in particular, fortified with vitamins or probiotics will stay. But there’s more and more to come. So that’s the work we are doing right now. So in many areas the consumption is real. By the way, one last one, potato chips are also going like gangbusters. But Rustom, please comment.
Andreas Fibig: Okay, yes. Its a very, very important point actually. And we are looking at this. I would say in some of the countries we have seen already, normalization because people are back to work and people see that they can buy everything. You might remember at the beginning, toilet paper was a very precious article around the world in many of the supermarkets, but that’s back to normal.So actually we have seen already quite normalization, not because COVID is gone, but people see and feel that they can buy whatever they need. There was not a big disruption in the supply chain. So we believe that the inventory has changed. Its different than pharmaceuticals, for example, where people just keeping the diabetes products better for three or four months instead of one month to make sure that they are covered. But here I think in many cases we are already back to normal.On the plants, its a bit of a different situation because we are managing the supply chain actually almost by the week because India, which is a big country for raw materials in our industry, has some challenges with lockdown as well. So you really had to make sure that we get enough inventory in all the plants around the world to secure supply for our customers. So here you probably will see some elevated inventory levels for quite some time. But again situation is volatile. I expected this actually for the first quarter as well. But we were selling so much, the inventory actually went down. So that’s our plan or basically what we assume for now, but it might change because its very dependent on the demand as well.But Rustom may be you comment.
Andreas Fibig: Hi Adam its Rustom. Let me say that. You actually were triangulating in on exactly what the factors were. So in the – first of all, we are on track with our cost synergies target through Q1 Frutarom I mean. With more than 25% of our $50 million full year savings coming in Q1. And in terms of geography, its about three quarters Taste and the rest in Scent roughly, okay? The Scent synergies showed through. And as you saw Scents performance, there’s leverage. But Taste, where you’re homing in, did benefit some synergies as well. But it also had mix. I mean we went straight there. We also had mid-teens growth in Savory Solutions which is a lower margin business. We had the lot citrus [ph] sales and then we have some added costs, right, manufacturing and procurement, and unit costs head up in the balance sheet and everything. But we also had some bad debt as we increased our bad debt provisions, not actually bad debts, but actual provisions as we did. So there were all offsets in here.
Andreas Fibig: Actually just one thing on the closure of the factories, we might have in some cases a delay of maybe two to three months. That’s what we are planning, right now. So we will be done with what we saw in the mid end of third quarter, mid and end of fourth quarter. So that’s the planning right now. I hope Adam that helps.
Andreas Fibig: Yes thank you very much for the time. I hope everybody is healthy, and stays healthy. And we certainly have time to speak over the next one or two days. Thank you very much. Take care. Bye-bye.
Rustom Jilla: Good morning. John its Rustom, let me take that. No, we have still had sales decline even as we go through and look at that area. Its Fine Fragrance and Food Services that we really see. But let me just step back for a second. From March onwards know as the COVID-19 pandemic spread globally, we had locked downs, changes in customer order patterns. We are fortunate that most of our revenue comes from the package food and beverage categories, as well as hygiene and disinfection, right. So we have continued strength there.I mean the part that you’re referring to is that the part that we’re not immune is the category is most exposed to retail end markets where stores closed and travel dropped sharply and that hasn’t changed as of now. So that’s Fine Fragrance and Cosmetic Actives as well, right and also the away-from-home channels. So we’re seeing that impact, and we are choosing to be – try to stay resilient, flexible, close to our customers as we possibly can be and always sort of trying to be cognizant of the safety of our employees and wellbeing as we go forward.China, regarding the China part of your question, Fine Fragrance is a very small part of the portfolio. I mean based on category demand, I mean less than 2% of total Fine. And although it was quite strong in Q1, I mean, lets see, China is opening up as well. Now Food Service in China was particularly challenged in Q1 and that’s obviously COVID. And I think that answers your questions John.
Rustom Jilla: Thanks Andrea. Thank you, good morning Faiza. So yes, look at the raw materials part of your questions. And yes, we’ve had some limitations in raw material sourcing and logistics. And we activated our contingency plans very early to limit the disruption to our customers, right. And the disruptions were from material shortages because of government restriction of various sorts. As Andreas said earlier, Italy, Spain, India were three of them out there.I mean the part of your question – then you also talked about sustainability, right? Sustainability of Consumer Fragrance, we do believe this will continue to be robust, where consumer demand remains high in hygiene and disinfection. And if anyone has been to the store lately, it’s just hard to get those products right. But let me address one aspect, too. I mean that’s same profitability because of specifics and we got to fine right. Same profitability without [indiscernible] will be adversely impacted in Q2.I cant get into spend or can I get into specifics, but based on our largest – what our largest fine fragrance customers are saying publicly, the category is declining double digits. So Id expect the same for IFF and our competitors. And being that it is one of our highest margin categories, well above consolidated average and with these declines, margins will be down. Then you add in additional COVID cost that we’ve had in Q2, a full quarters worth, and that’s just another factor.
Rustom Jilla: I mean again, I mean you covered it. I mean PJ, I mean, this is really hard to predict, right, because we’re going into government regulations, consumer psychology and also the possible fear of any wave twos or anything like that. I mean you never know. Its hard to predict. But even after COVID19, I mean, consumers, actual consumers, might maintain higher stockpiles as a common practice. Who knows.
Rustom Jilla: Okay. Let me start with a second piece first. We have seen a couple of elements of the legacy food business which performed very well and we believe its sustainable. So everything which is connected to health, we believe will be sustainable because its an incredible drive for these healthy ingredients. That’s number one. The second one is on food protection, because people really want to increase shelf life and make sure that this works out well so that’s going extremely well double digit. But we believe it will be also sustainable.And then on Savory, we will see the Savory Solutions has made actually extremely progress in terms of bringing it together with the legacy flavors. And we have seen good developments. This is certainly not sustainable in a double digit growth rate, it is more dependent on how quickly the economies open up and how much is in the Food Service area because that’s certainly has more negative impact here as well.On the other hand this is part of this famous butchers business. People in Austria and Germany were eating meat like there’s no tomorrow because all the restaurants were closed. And that helped us with sales as well. So sometimes – these are interesting dynamics. But I hope it helps us as an explanation.And then on the food integration, risk associated was not being done with the integration work before merging with DuPont. It is basically – some wanted to, on our manufacturing plants, we just hold back because we believe with N&B now we have a different way forward where we can use these capacities and can use them for some of the N&B products. So we do now everything, which we have said we are doing. Despite the things where we believe with the N&B combination, we have a better way forward when we have N&B in Board as well. So that’s it. That’s the only thing. And that’s on Tilburg in Holland, but that’s it. We can talk more in detail. I hope it helps.
