Nicolas Mirzayantz: Thank you, Andreas. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Fragrance local currency sales growth this quarter was 5%, including 2 percentage points of growth from Aromor. The overall performance reflect growth in all regions, except North America due to market challenges. The emerging markets continued to be a driver to our growth, up 7% overall. And 51% of our fragrance compound business, which include Consumer Fragrances and Fine Fragrances, were to the emerging markets more than any of our competitors in the industry. Our performance validate the continued work on the part of our teams globally to collaborate and partner with our global, regional and local customers to provide them with innovation and fragrances that will delight their consumers; as well as our investment and expertise in consumer insights. In addition, we continued to benefit from our diverse portfolio of end use product categories, geographies and customers. In that way, new wins in one part of our portfolio can offset challenges in other areas. Our compound business was up 3% in local currency, led by 6% growth in Latin America, 5% growth in Greater Asia and 4% growth in EAME. Turning to our end use categories. Consumer Fragrances increased 4% in local currency this quarter, with widespread growth across all regions led by 7% in EAME and 5% in Latin America. The overall increase was primarily driven by double-digit gains in our Fabric Care category, further solidifying our leadership position in this category. Our strong performance in Fabric Care, in large part, reflects market acceptance of our unique encapsulation technology, which has been a strong driver to our consumer fronts business for many quarters Home Care and Toiletries also experienced growth this quarter. It is also important to note that, on a year-to-date basis, Consumer Fragrances is up 5% in local currency, with growth in all of our end use categories due to our strong consumer insight, partnership with both global and local customers and our pipeline of new products. Moving into Fine Fragrances. Local currency sales declined by 1% this quarter. Strong growth in Latin America and Greater Asia was offset by market weakness in North America, which is facing challenges. On a year-to-date basis, Fine Fragrances is up 3%, which is above market growth in volume. Turning now to our ingredient business. Fragrance Ingredients delivered growth of 16%, including sales from Aromor. Ingredient organic growth was 2%. This performance reflects strong growth of specialty ingredients, including Aromor; as well as key IFF product families, including naturals. On a year-to-date basis, Ingredients are up 20%, including sales growth from Aromor. In summary, we achieved good growth this quarter fueled by the emerging markets and double-digit growth in Fabric Care. From a profitability perspective, productivity improvements and cost-savings initiatives were marginally offset by mix due to a decline in our Fine Fragrances sales. In addition, our operating cost reflects lower level of incentive comps. The net result was positive, as segment profit increased 7% or $5 million year-over-year and segment profit margin expanded 20 basis points to 20.9%. On a year-to-date basis, our segment profit has increased by $38 million or 17%. I'd like to add more color on the state of our business before turning to our forecast. I am pleased to report that we gain entrance into a new core leased in North America, reflecting months of work by our teams. We made progress on our Fragrance Ingredients Rationalization plan that started in the second quarter of 2013. We closed our Augusta, Georgia ingredient manufacturing facility during the quarter, and we are beginning to see the cost savings, which we -- are being used to offset the startup cost associated with our newer plants. We also made progress on our sustainability journey this quarter. IFF was identified as a leader in climate change reporting, and we will now be included in the Climate Disclosure Leadership Index as part of the Carbon Disclosure Project. You may recall that, over the summer, we opened the largest solar installation in the flavors and fragrance industry in our facility in Hazlet, New Jersey. This put us at the forefront of using renewable energy in the flavors and fragrance industry. We continue to make progress in our integration with Aromor. We are meeting key milestones, and we are pleased with the collaboration and progress, especially on the innovation front. Turning now to our fourth quarter outlook. We are comparing to a very strong Q4 in 2013, which was driven by double-digit growth in Fine Fragrances and high single-digit growth in Consumer Fragrances. Against this comparable, we are expecting to have modest organic growth in the fourth quarter. I will now turn the call over to Matthias, our Group President of Flavors.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Yes, this is Nicolas. And thank you for the question. You're right. There is definitely a sequential performance that we have to take into consideration. If you look at our Q1, North America in Fine Fragrance grew by 29%, which is definitely far above the market performance. So some customers had ordered early, so I think that we need to take this into consideration because, on a year-to-date basis, Fine Fragrance in North America is still positive, growing by 1% and globally by 3%. In addition, I think it is fair to say that some of our customers are facing challenges in different type of channel distribution. And also, one key component for us, we had some disappointing results on a very important launch that took place in 2013, where we did not see the repeat purchase that we had expected. So if you take the 3 components into consideration, it gives you a better perspective on the performance in Q3 in North America more specifically.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: In North America, I mean, Christmas -- were you asking some questions about the Christmas performance? As you know, it's too early to anticipate what consumer will be doing. It will be starting soon. So I think that, versus the performance that we had in Q3, it will be an improvement.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: It is strong. I mean now that the pipeline of new product is for next year so we have a strong pipeline for 2015 and even 2016. And so we're strengthening strategic partnership with some of our customers, and the pipeline of new wins of what we have already secured so early in the period is actually quite strong.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: I mean, if you look at the performance of Consumer Fragrances, it has been still very, very good in North America, so if you look at the year-to-date performance. So I think that it's -- if you look at North America, for year-to-date, it's a plus 7%, so I think it shows to the strengths of the portfolio. We have in some pockets in different parts some lower volume of wins, so it's not so much the win rate but the size of the business which has been secured. So I think that we need to see the absolute performance and relative performance. And so we're still very confident about the pipeline of new product and the win rate in relationship to the business we're working on.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Yes. It's Nicolas. And also, one of the key benefit of Aromor and the reason for the acquisition is the ability to drive higher win rates over time in our Compounds business because we will gain access to very unique materials at very attractive cost structures. So really, the end game is to accelerate our growth in our Compounds business; and also with the collaboration between our R&D and the very strong R&D team at Aromor, to accelerate the pipeline of new molecules.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: I think that the momentum, due to our expertise in driving consumer preference with our fragrances but also in combination with our unique technology, is providing us a very good pipeline moving forward. It is solid. And now the -- we did give the outlook. It's how do we leverage the technology across all the categories. So the pipeline is strong, the win rate is strong, and we are not expecting a slowdown in that respect.
Matthias Haeni: Thank you, Nicolas. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Against a challenging global environment that many of our customers have commented on, Flavors had local currency sales growth of 2% this quarter, up sequentially from 1% growth in the second quarter. The overall performance reflects new wins, which continue to be healthy but were offset by higher volume erosion on existing business. The Flavors business delivered local currency sales growth in Latin America, in Greater Asia and in EAME. The performance in these big regions was offset by a sales decline in North America. Thanks to the emerging markets, our growth drivers to the business increased 6%, while sales to the developed markets declined 2%. Looking at each region in greater detail. EAME had favorable local currency sales growth of 3% this quarter, a sequential improvement over Q2. High single-digit growth in Beverage and low single-digit growth in Dairy were only partially offset by declines in sweets and in Savory. Greater Asia also experienced a sequential improvement over Q2. Local currency growth of 3% was led by high single-digit gains in Savory, only partially offset by declines in Beverages and in sweets. Our performance in North America improved sequentially this quarter due to lower volume erosion in Beverage, as we communicated last quarter. We also saw double-digit gains in Dairy this quarter in North America. Latin America continues to be our strongest-performing region, up 12% in local currency sales. This is the fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in Latin America due to a very strong level of technology-driven wins in Beverages. Our performance overall reflects our strong collaborations with our customers as well as our focus on health and wellness solutions. Our segment operating profit declined 2% to $79.7 million this quarter. Our segment profit margin was 22.2% compared to its 23.2% in the third quarter of 2013. The decline in segment profit and profit margin was driven primarily by weaker operational performance, including less-favorable absorption and new plant costs. Our operating costs reflect a lower level of incentive comp. Turning to our outlook for the fourth quarter. We expect a positive local currency sales momentum in the fourth quarter, with positive growth in North America. Our expectations for improved growth in Q4 is indicative of the positive trends, especially when comparing to the very strong performance of 7% growth in Q4 of 2013. As you know, over the last few years, we have made significant commitment to step up our investments in the emerging markets in order to provide us with the critical capacity-creation capabilities in sales offices to successfully compete in these faster-growing markets. In keeping with these plans, in 2012, we opened a new facility in Singapore, and last year, in the third quarter, we opened our Guangzhou, China facility. With our new investments in manufacturing capacity in Gebze, Turkey and in Jakarta, Indonesia, we will have substantially completed our investment activity. These investments will support our growth for the foreseeable future and position us well with customers in the regions. Due in part of lower sales growth this quarter, we were not able to fully absorb the additional costs related to the startup and opening of our China facility. Given the expected improvement in Q4 sales, the impact of these incremental costs will be reduced. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin, our CFO.
Matthias Haeni: This is Matthias speaking. Thank you very much for your question. While we are still early in the quarter, we see definitely a very positive strength for the fourth quarter, and we are confident that we will further build on the momentum which we have built on already in Q3 over Q2. We see a positive momentum in North America. As you may recall, in Q3 we shared with you that we will see some continuous pressure in Q3 in North America, particularly because of Beverages, yet we also see improvements. And we are confident that we will see a continued momentum going forward.
Matthias Haeni: This is Matthias speaking. Thank you for your question. I would like to outline, first we had -- and we always report in the last 2 quarters we have seen significant pressure on our base business, on erosion, and we partly offset it by very strong new wins. And we had wins across the region and also strong wins in North America. These wins will allow us to continue the momentum when we move into Q4. Coming to your question on our technology on natural vanillin, we also outlined that we will not see the commercial performance before Q1 or Q2 next year. We are -- right now, we are working in our labs. We have successfully scaled up in our research labs. And our flavorists, they are working in it and building it into the new recipes for our customers. So coming back to your question, I think we will report back to you when we are meeting again or calling again in Q1 next year.
Matthias Haeni: Curt, this is Matthias speaking. We have seen significant new wins; significant success with new technologies which we have launched, started to launch 5 and 6 quarters ago. We saw very good momentum. And we do see continued good, strong momentum, with new wins coming in. I cannot tell you exactly what the underlying market growth will be. We reckon it's going to be in the area of 4%, 5%. And we are very pleased with the performance which we have. I'm confident we will see a strong momentum going into Q4 this year. And we are excited in the approach of [ph] pipeline which we have. And we are really very pleased that we can make a significant difference with our technology programs in Latin America.
Kevin C. Berryman: Sure, Silke. This is Kevin. A couple of comments to make as it relates to the last calendar week in any particular year: The sales that normally occur in that last week are very, very limited. The reason is a variety of things, one of them being the fact that, oftentimes, our customers aren't even open to be able to receive shipments that we would be wanting to make. So the last week of the year, of the calendar week in any year is the smallest week by far as it relates to the particular issue that you're alluding to. Having said all of that, it's somewhat volatile because it's kind of depending upon which customers will need an extra top off in inventory, which don't, and so there is a volatility in the numbers. And so the benefit is certainly probably less than what you're alluding to. I would say, in general, as both Nicolas and Matthias have already outlined, our comparables for year-ago fourth quarters certainly are very, very strong, and so that's going to place some overall headwinds as it relates to how our numbers will look for Q4 this year. Having said all of that, we do fundamentally believe that the improving trends in the business, as certainly outlined by Matthias, combined with any other potential benefits associated with the extra week, which are probably a lot smaller than what you're suggesting, all of that translates into an in-line quarter, let's say, versus what we've been showing over the last couple.
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, perhaps we can take it, a more detailed question, offline, if you'd like to go, but I would say that Q4 is -- probably, if you're talking about the unallocated piece, it's probably somewhat in-line, as we will show lower incentive comps in Q4 versus a year ago.
Kevin C. Berryman: Yes, probably not a lot of new, news here. Things are trending as we would have been saying over the last couple of quarters, actually. So I think, at the end of the day, we do see pockets of items that are showing inflation pressure, and those are the areas that we're certainly going to be having discussions with customers relative to pricing. The inflation that we're talking about is a very different level of inflation than what we experienced back in 2011 and 2012, so again we're talking more modest levels and well within our ability to work with customers on a fact-based discussion relative to pricing needs to help offset some of those pressures. As it relates to Q3 and Q4, we always said that our improvement or gross margin profile was going to be moderating in terms of the year-over-year improvement, and I think you saw that obviously in Q3. And now it's further challenged in Q3 specifically because of some of the operational items that were alluded to by Matthias. So at the end of the day, we still feel good about our ability to continue to drive gross margin longer term, but there is certainly some things that we're going to need to work on as it relates to pricing to help offset some of those pressure points that would -- will be further developing as we enter into 2015.
Kevin C. Berryman: Let me take that, Mark. This is Kevin. So a couple reactions to your question and specific comments: First thing, you're right. Oil has been falling in terms of price points, where I don't know what the numbers are today but we've gotten close to the $80 figure. So that will ultimately provide some benefits, hopefully, to us longer term as it relates to synthetics that are oil derivatives, but keep in mind that those oil derivatives are second and third derivatives, and they probably have some impact long term. They don't have immediate impact. Many of our items as it relates to oil, for example, freight and what not, are priced through to customers regardless. So if freight costs go up, customers pay for it. If freight costs go down, they get the benefit, so it's not really -- it's a pass-through cost more versus a kind of item that needs to be priced to. So I think that, summing up kind of the dynamic as it relates to oils, the naturals still are the areas where we see the pressure points developing, which tend to be focused in certain areas that will require the pricing that we've talked about. Wrapping that up into a longer-term comment, as we've said historically, and I think Andreas would certainly agree with the comment, what's going to enable our ability to continue to drive healthy gross margin is healthy innovation. And if we effectively are able to do that, that translates into our ability to have the robust gross margin longer term. All of the other things, opening of plants, all of these other things, will put some pressures potentially on a quarter or 2, but at the end of the day, if we can deliver against that innovation, we will see good gross margin levels long term.
Kevin C. Berryman: This is Kevin. I think that the emerging markets are holding firm versus kind of what we saw earlier in the year. And as a matter of fact, you saw the 6% growth, which was in line or improving actually versus previous orders. So overarching, we feel good about the continued growth opportunities in the emerging markets. Pluses and minuses here and there, but in general, it is still going to continue to be the growth driver, all else being equal.
Kevin C. Berryman: Yes, Curt, this is Kevin. Let me take that. I think that, if you think about some of the issues that we saw in Q3, we think there will be a lessening impact as it relates to some of those issues going forward. But certainly, the investments in the new factories and the cost structures that will be coming on board as it relates to those new plants, obviously, that's going to be there. So we still feel good about that long-term historical algorithm relative to gross margin, which again is driven by the innovation comment that we were talking to earlier. That's still a picture that we like and we support and believe will happen long term. There will be some improvements in the short run as it relates to probably some of the items that we saw in Q3 will not repeat and some of the other items that continue -- will continue to be a headwind that we're going to just have to overcome through good productivity and innovation longer term.
Kevin C. Berryman: Thanks, Jonathan, for the question. Kevin here. I guess the first comment about R&D is the commitment to spend on future innovation remains steadfast. And at the end of the day, while R&D may have been year-over-year not a big increase or maybe even flattish or in the range of that number, the bottom line is that it's driven more by some investments we were making last year relative to some of the R&D initiatives that we had which had milestone payments and not a fundamental change in terms of our commitment level. So at the end of the day, our research and development continues to be an area we focus on. It continues to be an area that we believe is going to be a fundamental driver to our success today and in the future. And so at the end of the day, it's an area that we will continue to support. Now to your bigger question relative to costs, look, I think, at the end of the day, we are always evaluating any ways to be more cost effective and productive as it relates to our spend and to the extent that there are those things we continue to be disciplined in terms of the management of our short-term costs, at the same time, ensuring that we're supporting our long-term growth outlook. So a little bit long winded, but what that effectively means is when we do see pressure points in a short-term basis, we are diligent and disciplined in the management of our costs to recognize those pressures but without sacrificing the long-term growth aspiration, which even for the developed markets, we think, is still robust.
Kevin C. Berryman: As you think about the CapEx, yes. The investments, I'm going to call them, outside of the U.S. is certainly in more emerging markets. So it's more than just being outside the U.S. It's really more emerging market focused, associated with our drive to ensure, as Andreas mentioned, that we're going to win in the emerging markets. So it's certainly a core plank of our strategy, a pillar of our strategy. As it relates to servicing buybacks or servicing dividends, to the extent that we want to do that, that continues to have a requirement that the cash that is generated across the world outside of the U.S., is some percentage of it is brought home and combined with any cash for benefits we have here to be able to supply that. And that's really what it's driven by. So to the extent that we continue to have opportunities to bring that cash home, we do.
Kevin C. Berryman: I don't know the numbers off the top of my head, but it would be certainly a headwind. I would say it's probably at least $0.03 or $0.04.
Kevin C. Berryman: It is very much in line with what our expectations were. And if anything, the benefits, as we're talking about, relative to technology is about the ability to drive incremental value long term, which is actually very much part of why we did the deal and very exciting. Perhaps, Nicolas, you might want to add a comment.
Kevin C. Berryman: So operator, this is Kevin. Perhaps we can cut it there. We're past our end time. Let me turn it back over to Andreas for any final comments.
