Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening everyone. Welcome to IFF's third quarter 2015 conference call. Yesterday we distributed press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded and will be available for replay. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we'll be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to our outlook for the fourth quarter and full-year of 2015. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K filed on March 2, 2015 and our press release that we filed yesterday. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which excludes those items that we believe affects comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release. With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; our Executive Vice President and CFO, Alison Cornell; our Group President of Flavors, Matthias Haeni; and our Group President of Fragrances, Nicolas Mirzayantz. We will start with prepared remarks from Andreas and Alison and then the entire team will be available for any questions that you may have. Before turning the call over to Andreas, I would like to let you know that we continue to explore options to improve our liquidity on Euronext Paris. We remain optimistic that we can enhance our liquidity on Euronext to allow more European investors access to our shares. We will continue to keep you updated on our progress as we move forward. With that, I would now like to now introduce our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig.
Michael DeVeau: Lauren, it's Mike. It's okay. Maybe just as I go through the Q, maybe we can touch base offline on that, I'm not sure...
Michael DeVeau: Yeah, Faiza, it's Michael. I mean, we traditionally don't disclose from a Flavor standpoint our percentage of business. I think as you think about it, it's probably our smallest region with respect to the other regions that we have globally, but from a business standpoint maybe Matthias, if you want to provide additional commentary.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Alison. I briefly want to reiterate that despite ongoing volatility in several key markets around the world, we were able to deliver strong financial results in the third quarter, thanks in large part to the diversity of our business, as well as the benefits associated with our recent acquisitions. Also, based on our strong year-to-date results and our outlook for the fourth quarter, we continue to believe we can deliver 6% currency-neutral sales growth and approximately 9% adjusted operating profit growth both on a currency-neutral basis. Going forward, continuing our execution of Vision 2020 is a top priority for us. Vision 2020 is focused on increasing differentiation, accelerating profitable growth and creating shareholder value. All three of which we believe are achievable in the years to come. With that, I would now like to open the call for questions.
Andreas Fibig: Mike, this is Andreas, I'm taking that. What we see is that for some of our – particularly our global customers the volumes are slowing, but it's actually not a one-fits-all answer, because we see in some areas like still Latin America on the Flavor side, we see strong growth as in the third quarter, which is really double digit. We see countries in Asia with strong growth for both businesses. And we see Europe at least on, for our business, recovering as well. So at the end of the day, it's a very mixed picture region-by-region. The only thing which is probably universal is that the volume for some of the global customers is really challenged. So that's how I would comment on that one, so it's very different and it depends also on the technologies and let me elaborate on that. If you have a technology, which helps the customers to grow the business like our Sweetness Modulation for example, which we are selling very well or the encapsulation on the Fragrance side, then the wins are strong and you really can even against the market trends make great strides. I know it's probably not a general satisfying answer, but it's a very diverse picture we are dealing with here.
Andreas Fibig: So what we do is, we look at with different lenses at the market, what kind of technology would be valuable for us? Second, where do we need, let's say, a local or regional strengthening of our presence or with certain customers, and in general, good quality companies like we have done with Ottens and Lucas Meyer. So we have a good pipeline, I can't comment further on this one, but we are further looking. And the good thing is that the acquisitions are going very well in terms of the integration. So it means after many years with very little M&A activity, I think, the organization is doing very well to get these quality assets into our portfolio, and they performed actually very well. Just one remark on the skin care or active cosmetic ingredients side, we are very pleased what we see in this market segment because it has just a higher growth than our core markets. So, all-in-all very positive, we have a pipeline and we will, let's say, continue our path here.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. Absolutely, John. That's what we see in many markets that the smaller and regional customers have just good growth rates. And if you're with these customers and then you really can do very well – very good business. And that was actually one of the reasons why we acquired Ottens here for Flavors in the U.S. and just participating in that segment of the market, a bit better in the U.S.
Andreas Fibig: Good morning, Heidi. I totally agree and support this, I think we have seen that smaller companies are faster in the implementation and they're also much faster in the replacement of either artificial nature identical (56:56) into natural. We see them launching more innovative product solutions and we expect that the larger accounts they will follow in the quarters to come.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah, thank you very much. Thank you much for your time. Good quarter, quarter three, we are on track for year 2015, and I believe we will have a good trajectory for years to come. Thank you very much.
Alison A. Cornell: So, Mark, from a Q4 perspective, we expect to be flat to slightly positive. We have our first month of orders in, which are positive and although one month doesn't make the quarter, it reflects positive results there. If we look into 2016, specifically Q1, while we're still in our budget process, remember in Q1 of 2016 we're facing our toughest comps year-on-year in terms of growth comparison, specifically in, say, Flavors where we grew 9% in Q1 of 2015. So at this point in time as we enter the year we're facing our toughest comps and so we expect Q1 to be challenging. But as we traditionally do expect to share more in our February call regarding our 2016 full-year guidance.
Alison A. Cornell: I mean, at this point, as I mentioned, we're still in our budget process and we really don't want to comment further on 2016.
Alison A. Cornell: So, Mark, let me talk first about – so in Q3, our adjusted gross profit margin expanded 170 basis points. And this was driven by our currency heading benefits, as we hedge our raw material purchases to protect our transactional exposure, as well as our cost and productivity savings, volume growth and mix improvement. In Q3, there was roughly a $9.5 million benefit from our hedge, which was included in the gross – in our gross profit. This accounted for the majority of the expansion, but there was also benefit, as I mentioned, from cost and productivity savings, volume growth and mix improvement. As we move into Q4, we expect our currency hedging benefit to be a little less than half of the expansion in Q4, with the other half coming from cost and productivity savings initiatives, minus volume growth and M&A. We believe that our – there is sustainability of gross margin expansion, excluding the FX hedge, as we enter into Q4. As we look in 2016, from a raw materials' perspective, based on what we've seen so far, it's similar to 2015, where we've seen naturals are up, synthetics are slightly down and if anything we're probably flat to slightly up.
Alison A. Cornell: So, Lauren, let me talk a bit about that. And so, we indicated on our Investor Day that we intended to finance our M&A activity through balance sheet leverage. And so between Ottens and Lucas Meyer acquisitions, we executed about $500 million in acquisitions. Initially these were paid for using our existing credit facility and on-hand cash, and now we're looking at longer-term financing opportunities to better align our maturities with the nature of those acquisition. So in September, we entered into interest swaps in anticipation of a long term debt financing and the deferred charges in that table and our 10-Q are being accounted for right now as a hedging instrument, as they are related to these swaps. We still are in the process of evaluating our options for financing and at this point, we haven't finalized the timing or nature of the financing and we expect to have more clarity on that in Q1 of next year.
Alison A. Cornell: So, Lauren, you did comment – we did experience softness in China, so if you looked at China by itself, as a subset for Greater Asia in Flavors, it was negative growth. Why it looks flat is because there was offsetting growth in Indonesia, India, Singapore and Japan. And so that's really why it looks flat. I'll ask, Matthias to comment on what we've seen so far in October in terms of the customer make-up.
Alison A. Cornell: So, when I talked about even distribution at the Back-to-School Conference, I mean, some of it was relative to rounding as well. So, I would think about it as a 3.5% organic, about 2.5% acquisition related, to get to the 6%.
Alison A. Cornell: So, let me start by making a comment in terms of comparison. And so when looking company-to-company, we need to make sure that things are compared on an apples-to-apples basis, organic-to-organic basis and comparable currency related to FX, because I think as reflected in reports, taken as written, they're not comparable. So I think you need to make sure before you compare two companies, you make sure that they are comparable. So with that let me ask Matthias to talk about Latin America market dynamics.
Alison A. Cornell: If I could, just one more comment, just so you know what we do in your apples-to-apples comparison. We fully restate all currency.
Alison A. Cornell: And just to further comment in terms of model, we have a cost-plus model and relative to naturals as well.
Alison A. Cornell: So we can say this about incentive compensation, because we do not enclose our incentive compensation numbers other than calling out a variance and so I can't give you an exact number. I would say, it's marginally favorable in Q3, but will be a larger benefit in Q4, based on our projected performance.
Matthias Haeni: Well, Lauren, good morning. We have seen a very similar pattern also in the first month of the quarter. I think we made good in-road with new business in all the markets, Alison just referred to, yet we see also continuous challenges in China. We expect that these challenges will continue throughout the quarter, and we're working very diligently with the team, with our customers to strengthen our business in China. And we're still good and confident that we will see a reverse situation in the quarters to come.
Matthias Haeni: Faiza, we're really traveling well with the many new wins, which we had this year. We also feel very confident that we will continue to commercialize many of the projects, which we have. We have an exciting project pipeline throughout the region. Yes, we face some challenges on current volumes and we will offset it however with new wins, we feel good about it. We always reported that we had very good in-roads in Beverages. We're now expanding more also into Savory, into the Dairy category. And frankly overall, we'll feel pretty good about it also in Q4.
Matthias Haeni: Yes, Mike outlined the smallest region, yet from a growth perspective for us very sizable, very impactful. We feel very good about the in-roads we make and I'm confident that we are gaining great market share in Latin America. Again what we are reporting here is the all like-for-like, this is currency neutral, there is no element of pricing in it, but volume and new wins.
Matthias Haeni: Well, from a Flavor perspective, we have probably more than 50% of all the new briefs, which we are working on are calling for natural solutions, natural Flavors. We feel excited about the many requests for natural modulators. I cannot exactly give you an indication of the overall market growth. The underlying market growth of naturals, we only realize that definitely naturals are outperforming any other product offerings in the marketplace. It's not only here in North America where more and more consumers they're looking to organics, (51:24) organic and natural. We see very same trends around the world, in Western Europe but also in many mature markets in Asia, in particular. We have also a higher win rate in naturals as such, as we are well positioned for it and frankly, we see all these requests and all these briefs as exciting opportunities for us to accelerate growth.
Matthias Haeni: Let me take first the question on the margin profiles. Whenever we are in a position to bring technology into a product offering, we typically have a higher margin profile. When it comes to 50% plus on naturals, keep in mind that we still have a lot of developing markets where natural as such may not necessarily be the major call. I'm referring here to many developing markets also in Africa and Middle East and in many other parts of the world. To the question on what the total percentage of the portfolio of natural is all about and we are not sharing this information. We feel good about what we currently have and frankly we made very good in-roads.
Matthias Haeni: It is more important, Jon, what kind of categories, whether it is Beverage or Savory that makes a difference in terms of the portability or margin perspective. But not whether it's synthetic or natural.
Richard O’Leary: Hey, Jeff, it's Rich. So, yeah, I think there's two things to think about. When we talk about the margin evolution because the hedge gains are in there on a reported basis, we'll show the year – we'll talk to the year-over-year impact. When we're going to currency neutral, we did what we basically do is restate last year's to reflect the current year gains. So we're stripping out the year-over-year impact and we're making consistent year-over-year from the cash flow hedging impact.
Richard O’Leary: Yeah. So on an operating profit when we talk reported-to-reported, it will have the year-over-year impact of the cash flow hedging, either gains or losses; in the case of 2015, it's gains. When we go to currency neutral, we just reflect the current year impact of the gains, so we're not having a year-over-year impact because last year's cash flow hedging impact is really related to 2013 and so we're stripping that two-year basis out.
Richard O’Leary: Again, that's the difference between – it's more or less – it's the difference between when we're trying to reconcile – when we're trying to talk to the change year-over-year for example in gross margin. Those are reported-to-reported and that's where you have the year-over-year impact, which is the higher number. When we talk to the operating profit impact, we strip out the last year's impact.
