Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Rich. As we look at the balance of the year, we reconfirm our full year financial guidance. We expect our sales growth to accelerate in the second half, give more favorable year-ago comparisons. In terms of profitability, we also anticipate that adjusted operating profit will improve, driven by higher integration savings, continued cost control and productivity savings and more favorable year-over-year price raw material cost trends. For the full year, we expect to deliver between $5.2 billion and $5.3 billion in sales in 2019, which represents 5% to 7% combined company growth, including M&A. We also expect to deliver between $6.30 and $6.50 in adjusted EPS, excluding amortization or 8% to 11% combined company growth. In summary, we're pleased with our performance for the first quarter as we delivered strong double-digit sales and adjusted operating profit growth. We achieved solid growth across all 3 divisions, all while maintaining strong profitability levels. We continue to make strong progress in the company's transformation following the Frutarom acquisition as we combine two strong organizations. We're executing well against our integration road map. For those businesses where we have aligned our go-to-market approaches IFF, growth is very strong. We also continue to make great progress in terms of cost synergies, and I'm very confident that we will achieve our $30 million to $35 million cost-savings goal in 2019. Given this, total expected improvement in the second half of 2019 that we confirmed our financial guidance for 2019. Before I open the call up to questions, I would like to take a moment to invite everyone to our Investor Day on June 5 here in New York City. We're excited to provide an update on our long-term strategy, give you deeper insights into our integration efforts and provide each of you with an opportunity to experience the best innovation of our organization. Registration links have been sent out, but if you need it again or have any questions, please feel free to reach out to our Investor Relations Department. With that, I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Thank you, Mark, for the question. Yes, first of all, the first quarter was in line with our expectations. We have seen some weakness in parts of our Russian business and the F&F business, in particular with CitraSource and that's it, material price decreases with natural colors. We don't believe that this will change in the short term, but we're working on it to make it grow significantly in the future. So we expect actually a higher growth rate in the second half of the year, and that's what we project. What we have seen so far is that, in particular Taste business has very good growth with the small and mid-size customers. And the businesses we have integrated in our, let's say, Tastepoint organization or Tastepoint like organization whether it's in the U.S. or in Latin America that they are growing quite nicely. So which is good and it reinforces, let's say, our strategy to have a much more balanced customer portfolio not just with the big CPG, but with some of the smaller and mid-size companies here as well, which probably is very helpful going forward in the mid and long erm.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Actually, it's a good point on the large CPGs. We don't see too much volume growth, particularly on existing business. It's not that strong. It's a bit contrary for what we heard during the CAGNY conference. So I guess, it will take a bit of time until it turns to good growth again, but we will see in the months to come.
Andreas Fibig: Okay. So probably, I'd take the second one first. So there was no price increase on the Frutarom side. That's #1. And the total year, Rich...
Andreas Fibig: Heidi, that's -- it's Andreas. Good afternoon. It's probably a bit early right now to talk about this and to different segments. The only I might say is that we still see good growth out of the scent business because of pricing, because we're going through our [indiscernible] but for the rest, I would say, it's still a bit too early to comment.
Andreas Fibig: Which is actually, let me supplement on this. These three new core list access will give us access to $400 million additional business we didn't have before, and we see out of these three new customers that already two are very active in briefing and where we're getting business and actually early and faster than we had expected.
Andreas Fibig: But in general, we're very happy with the performance of our Fine Fragrance business as you're aware we're saying we're up quite significantly and that certainly is because of the good win performance here.
Andreas Fibig: And when the synergies role in, and that's the brunt of the synergies will come in next year and that will have a significant impact on margin, obviously.
Andreas Fibig: The thing is that we have the most improvement on the procurement savings and the run rates are really, really strong here, but it's also driven by our inventory and that's the reason why it takes some time that it falls through the P&L. So we have the better contract in place, but we still until it hits the P&L, we have to decrease our inventory and bring new material on. That's the reason. But for us, it's -- we're optimistic because it will have a very good impact on next year already because the team is doing an extraordinary job to make that happen. That's basically the main reason.
Andreas Fibig: If I take the second part of the question on legacy sales and MNC performance, indeed what we see in our discussions is that the topics are now more growth related and growth should be simulated by innovation, which is great, because we have in IFF internally now an excellent pipeline in terms of new technologies. And as you have seen even in the first quarter, we've acquired a couple of technologies, which will help us to grow our business, which is good because I wholeheartedly believe that the competition and the differentiation works through technology, and that will help us to win more business. By the way some of these innovations or technologies we have or had in the pipeline helped us to win the 3 core list last year. So I'm very optimistic on this one going forward. Now the only thing we need the big MNCs getting their volumes up and that certainly will lift the tide here.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Lauren, I think it's a very valid question and super important. Look, there are probably two parts of these small M&As. The one part is, let's say, strengthening the business in some of the adjacent parts of our business like the ingredients for gelato which we believe is a fantastic business, and we will demonstrate during our Investor Day. And we had already a piece of the business in Brazil and now we are having a nice platform to growth. So these small acquisitions in some of these adjacent business, you will see going forward. And they will impact the integration not so much because these are kind of stand-alone businesses who we are helping -- who will help us to grow us in terms of sales but profitability as well. The second piece and you saw it for the first quarter, actually 2 of these 4 smaller deals were technology deals, which were basically technology deals or investments in technology companies to help us to bring better innovation to our customers. One is the 3D printing, we have talked about this for quite some time, which will help us to win core list, but also win business and that's not an integration in the business sense, it's an integration in our R&D, and we believe it's the right thing to do. Aryballe on the other side brings us into the digital piece of faction and measurement. It's right now used in the first use cases in quality control. So you will see these kind of technology deals going forward, and they certainly are not a barrier or distraction for the integration of Frutarom. I hope that, that helps to put context around these deals.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Thank you very much for the participation. I hope it helped to put context around the results, and we're looking forward to see you at the Investor Meeting in June. Thank you very much. Have a great day.
Richard O'Leary: For the first quarter, it's really -- it's in the material. I mean, we had some divestitures going out and then the two deals were small. So it was clearly immaterial for Q1.
Richard O'Leary: No, because I mean, we had -- these were in the pipeline, so it was part of the overall guidance of 5% to 7%. So I don't think that's changed materially in terms of the components, in terms of what gets us to the full year guidance. So I think we're on track to where we thought we're going to be from an M&A standpoint.
Richard O'Leary: Yes. Look, I think that there's two -- there's couple of things. One, overall and also in Latin America specifically, growth with multinationals was basically flat, whereas the rest of the Taste business was growing high single digits or higher. So I think that's certainly big piece of it. Then we're also seeing particularly in Argentina, the effects from a macro standpoint in terms of the devaluation and what it's having in terms of consumer disposable incomes and purchase underlying demand. I think we -- the third thing that we talked about in the release was in Mexico, there has been some market changes from a legislation standpoint, that's also we're seeing some pressure from a market standpoint in terms of the consumer behaviors. Other than that, I think, there is some small -- there is some business that, I think, we did -- we lost, but it was more it was things -- business that we didn't have before, but I don't see many major shifts in market shares in LatAm. I think it's mostly the macro stuff and then just our mix of customers versus the competition.
Richard O'Leary: I think certainly -- yes, I think that certainly second half is going to be better. I think, as we get through -- as we start -- continue to get the traction on the price increases and the price realization, which the teams have done a really good job in the scent business so far, but that's going to continue to build. That obviously has a dilutive impact. I mean, Q3, again I think we've talked about along was going to be one of the strongest quarters. Q4 sequentially is always down versus Q3, but we should -- we still expect to see year-over-year improvements in Q4.
Richard O'Leary: Yes. Look for me, the organic -- the volume -- actually, unit volumes are quite strong. They are quite good growth. What's happening is in one of the key raw materials the cost is coming down and similar to what we see in the other parts of the business like the vanilla, there is a pass-through component of it. So all of the decline in the color stuff is really driven by cost pass-through, and so it's impacting the top line growth. Really no significant change into our overall operating margins. So it's really -- I think we feel good about -- structurally about the health of the business and the growth opportunities. So it's more just a market dynamic around the pricing.
Richard O'Leary: I guess, for me the way I think about it, I mean, still the majority of the legacy IFF business is driven by the briefs. We still have -- there is a still piece of it, which is proactive us going to our customers within technologies. I was characterized the majority of the Frutarom business as being more of a push business, where we are contacting them on a daily, weekly basis saying here what you need, here is what we have available. So I think it's more big -- I think we have a big picture between legacy IFF is still the majority briefs driven and Frutarom is a slightly different model.
Richard O'Leary: Heidi, look, I think we're seeing, I would say, some similarities between what we saw in Q1, we had a slow start to the quarter. And I -- look, some of the things that we talked about with Savory business, the CitraSource business, we are making changes, we are addressing those issues, but they're not going to change overnight. So I think we're confident in the full year, but I would not expect the major dramatic change between Q2, Q1.
Richard O'Leary: Well, the pricing -- still the majority of it is pricing, but -- I mean, that's clearly the pass-through of the -- or the recapture of the input cost increases. I think we are seeing good win performance in the commercial performance in terms of new wins or near the 5-year average. So I think we've seen continue improvement, particularly in the last 2 quarters. Volume erosion was well above the historical average, more than double from what it was over a 5-year average. So I think that's again more some of that gets into the customer mix. We've seen similar trends that the growth rates in the small- and medium-sized customers are double digits and more challenged on the global. So I think the other thing we feel really good about long term is we talked about it last year, we've gotten access -- more access to new business with the core list expansions we got last year, and that's going to provide a tremendous amount of upside to us over the next 3 to 5 years.
Richard O'Leary: I think the other thing, Heidi, just, I mean, to put in perspective, I mean, we're still seeing good growth -- really solid growth on volumes in the compounds business. And where we're really seeing declines are on the Ingredients business, partly between because we're prioritizing the internal consumption and partly because we're raising prices and there are certain customers out there that have more elasticity in their demand. One thing I want to just go back to your question earlier in terms of the performance during the course of the year, we'll see sequential improvement Q1, Q2, Q3 will still be down year-over-year in Q3, but it sequentially will improve through the first 3 quarters, just to clarify my earlier comment.
Richard O'Leary: Sure. I mean, keep in mind, Gunther, I mean, we -- the teams have done a really good job, but we're not fully recovered in terms of the price realization. Year-over-year, Q1 input costs were up 10%. So that's still a significant headwind. You take that plus the cumulative effect of the price realization we had last year plus the first quarter as the dilutive effect on the overall margin. So I think we are on the right track. We're confident now we're going to be able to fully recover those costs during the course of the year and into early next year, but it does have a negative impact in terms of the margins.
Richard O'Leary: And that's helped to offset -- mitigate the impact of not being able to fully recover the input cost increases in Q1.
Richard O'Leary: The 10% is just scent. And so I think again for the full year, I expect input cost percent to be up high single digits and 4% to 5% on a total company basis. So the full year guidance and expectations haven't changed. I would say, it's a little early to say when and if we would see some normalization right now for the year. We're not seeing anything significant.
Richard O'Leary: Look, Mike, I think it's going to -- we expect it to improve, I think, similar to what we see in the IFF business Q2, Q3 will be stronger. Q4, I still would expect it to be better than Q1. So I think we're going to see improvement, obviously growing the return to our long-term expectations from a growth standpoint of being in the 5% to 6% range versus 3%. You get the fixed cost leverage there. So I think long-term, we still see significant upside in terms of profitability.
Richard O'Leary: I would expect we would see it in the second half. I mean, certainly, again Q3 should be the strongest quarter of the year.
Richard O'Leary: I think it's both. I think that #1 we have the inventory impact, but we have not seen any significant movements in the pricing for the input cost yet. So that's -- it's both of those factors.
Richard O'Leary: Look, I think there's two things. One from an oil standpoint, remember we're the derivative impact were 4 or 5 steps down the chain. So the actual oil impact has much smaller influence on it versus the conversion cost. I think the second thing is a big piece of what we've seen over the last 15 months has been more driven around supply interruptions and that's really what we continue to see issuances. I mean, it started with the BASF stuff, but I think that is equally important as it is purely just a brent pricing impact.
Richard O'Leary: No. I think the biggest thing to me is what I mentioned earlier is really is the lack of growth from a global standpoint, the multinational companies, as I said earlier, growth was essentially 0, flat for the Q1 as opposed to being high single digits up for the small and midsized customers. So that's what we're seeing. I think it was more acute in Latin America for some of the things that I mentioned, as you said for Argentina and Mexico.
Richard O'Leary: On the taste side, I think, Q1 was certainly impacted on from a mix standpoint, it was unfavorable. There was some price to input cost more timing related to, I would say, on the Vanilla side. Overall, I would expect this to see more or less in the same range. I mean, I think it's still quite healthy at the levels we're at. I mean, the margins are still quite healthy in the 24% range. So I think it's -- I don't see any major change in it. I mean, we're happy where they are. I mean, the business is performing quite well when you look at the underlying details.
Richard O'Leary: Let me take the first one. I mean, I think from a -- keep in mind that our U.S. basis is quite small, it's less than 25% of the totals of our sales base. So when we look at rate in the current environment, when looking at the tariff discussions and what's in the current framework. It's not a material number, I mean, it's in the $10 million to $20 million range, potentially if they weren't fully implemented then we have alternatives on how to -- where we can source it. So I don't -- we don't see it as a significant headwind in terms of overall operating model. Let me just turn over to Andreas for the second.
Richard O'Leary: And for me, Lauren, I mean, we're certainly being -- in my mind, we're being more restrictive in terms of the hurdle rates and the thresholds that we have for pursuing deals in terms of returns, in terms of strategic importance. As Andreas said, 2 of the deals were very technology driven that are fundamental to the scent business or to our delivery system platforms, which are, we believe, key strategic advantages. The other two deals were really in the pipeline already is -- prior to the acquisition. So I think -- and there is close linkage to the Frutarom businesses already. So I think we are -- I would characterize it as being quite selective already.
