Richard O'Leary: Thanks, Andreas. I'd like to now turn your attention to a review of our first quarter 2018 results. We have a few slides here to review. I'm pleased to report that we started off the year very well with robust growth across all of our key financial metrics. Our first quarter sales growth was strong as currency-neutral sales increased 7%, which was comprised of 8% growth in Fragrances and 6% growth in Flavors. Top line trends remain strong in both businesses with new wins, volume and pricing all contributing to growth. In Fragrances, we delivered broad-based growth from all categories and regions. And in Flavors, we achieved growth in all categories and nearly all regions. In terms of currency-neutral adjusted operating profit, our focus on driving greater efficiency throughout our business by our cost and productivity initiatives continue to support overall profitability. When combining this with our strong top line performance, we had strong leverage in the P&L as operating profit and EPS both grew 12% on an adjusted currency-neutral basis. Turning to Slides 22 and 23. Flavors' currency-neutral sales increased 6% with growth coming from all categories led by strong improvements in Savory and Dairy. It should be noted, on a 2-year average basis, growth continues to be strong at approximately 8%. From a regional perspective, 3 of the 4 regions delivered growth led by double-digit increases in both EAME and North America. EAME increased 11% on a currency-neutral basis, led by strong double-digit growth in Africa and the Middle East as well as mid-single digit growth in Europe. Growth was achieved across all categories, led by strong performance in Dairy, Beverage and Savory. North America increased 10%, driven by strong new wins in Beverage and Dairy as well as double-digit growth in Tastepoint. While the impact of the acquisition was not material on our overall results, PowderPure added a couple of percentage points to growth in North -- in Greater Asia, 2% growth on a currency-neutral basis as double-digit growth in India and China was muted by softness in Indonesia and the Asean region. And Latin America decreased 2% as mid-single-digit growth in the Southern Cone was more than offset by softness in Mexico and Colombia, which had strong year ago comparison. In terms of profitability, Flavors' currency-neutral segment profit grew approximately 15% led by volume growth, the benefit from productivity and favorable sales mix. Currency-neutral segment profit margin achieved year-over-year margin expansion of approximately 190 basis points to 24.8%. Fragrances currency-neutral sales grew 8% in Q1, as growth was broad-based with contributions coming from all categories. Regionally, growth was led by double-digit increases in 3 of our 4 regions. From a category perspective, Fine Fragrances improved 4% on a currency-neutral basis. Growth was led by strong double-digit growth in Latin America and North America. In these markets, performance was driven by new wins as well as increases in volume. Consumer Fragrances grew 6% on a currency-neutral basis. Growth was achieved in all categories led by high single-digit performance in Home Care, Toiletries and Hair Care as well as mid-single digit performance in Fabric Care. The contribution of growth continues to be led by new wins, with modest improvement in volumes. Fragrance ingredients sales were up 18% on a currency-neutral basis, driven by growth in nearly all regions led by double-digit growth in Latin America, North America and Greater Asia. Cosmetics active ingredients also continue to perform well as it grew strong double digits in the first quarter. Fragrances segment profit in Q1 grew approximately 12% on a currency-neutral basis, driven primarily by volume growth and the benefits from productivity initiatives. Currency-neutral segment profit margin increased 60 basis points year-over-year, finishing at 19.4% in the quarter. As you see on the next slide, we are off to a strong start to the year and that gives us added confidence in achieving our financial objectives for 2018. And while it's still early in the year, we will -- we believe we'll be closer to the upper end of our previously communicated sales and operating profit guidance range. Those ranges are 3% to 5% currency-neutral sales growth, 5% to 7% currency-neutral adjusted operating profit and 4% to 6% currency-neutral adjusted EPS growth. In terms of foreign exchange, while there continues to be fluctuations, we expect currency-neutral translation to be favorable impact on sales of approximately 3 percentage points and add approximately 1.5 percentage points to adjusted operating profit and adjusted EPS, respectively. With that, let me turn it back over to Andreas. 
Richard O'Leary: Yes, I mean, Andreas, and Mark, I mean, for me I think it is very -- it's a great opportunity. It shifts the overall mix when you think about it. It's going to be favorable in terms of accelerating growth for the combined companies. From a business standpoint, the overall -- we know the overall markets on the Flavors side are higher than on the Fragrances side, but both businesses remain very attractive and very profitable. It helps from a category standpoint that Andreas talked about, that we're getting access to and a foundation to build upon some of the faster-growing adjacencies that we've targeted and saw real opportunities for our Vision 2020. And then the access to the faster-growing local and regional customers, all those things are going to be positive for the overall growth profile of the company. 
Richard O'Leary: Yes, I think from my standpoint, Lauren, I mean, we really did start with a clean sheet of paper and said, okay, let's look at the 2 organizations. Where are these opportunities? Whether it's from a technology standpoint, whether it's from a sourcing standpoint, manufacturing footprint, the overhead expenses, and I think we know we feel very good about and confident about our ability to deliver on that and leverage -- as Andreas said, leverage the talent and the expertise on both sides of the business. 
Richard O'Leary: Mike, there's a lot there. I'm not sure I can write that fast. Look, I think from a synergy standpoint, the cost side as we talked about in our previous materials, we think about 25% of the synergies will come in year 1. There will be probably between 70%, 75% in year 2. And then fully in year 3. Year 2 -- year 1, we believe we're basically going to be neutral from a cash EPS standpoint and as we said earlier, double-digit increase and double-digit improvement in cash basis in year 2. From a top line standpoint, there is -- again, this is an attractive business. Frutarom has had a consistent growth trajectory on an organic basis for the last 3 years, growing faster than we have been growing. On top of that there is benefits associated with their M&A program, which has been a crucial part of their business strategy. So I think on an absolute basis, combining organic growth and some of the carryover impacts of their M&A program will have higher growth in year 1, and then the normal growth at the higher end of the range going forward. 
Richard O'Leary: Yes. From my standpoint, looking at the margins, I mean, first of all, Frutarom's had a tremendous impressive record of growing the business while expanding margins. It's a very strong business, and we're extremely pleased to have that opportunity to combine the 2 companies. I think some of the opportunities and the differences reflected in the margin is reflected in the synergy opportunities that we already discussed earlier. And other piece of it can be mix related also. 
Richard O'Leary: Okay. So I mean, from a growth perspective I'll give you some comments on the last one now, and directionally we're not going to get into specifics. From a margin potential, I mean, when you look at the 2 businesses, add on the synergies, we feel like we're going to be well positioned to be competitive at the high end of the market in terms of overall EBITDA margins. From a capital intensity standpoint, I think there's opportunities as we combine both organizations to drive improvements on an overall basis in terms of our working capital performance. It's going to help drive the cash flow over the next 5 years to help drive the deleveraging. That's important for our overall strategy. From a CapEx standpoint, I think as we look at the overall position, over time it will come down. Again, we have to work through, some of the integration work will require some one-off CapEx. And then -- so there'll be some -- included in our estimates of the cash flow models over the next couple of years, is some CapEx necessary to drive the synergies from a manufacturing standpoint. But overall, this is a very strong business. Both businesses are extremely profitable. Strong cash generation and that's going to get us where we need to be to grow the business and also deleverage on an accelerated basis. From a earnings standpoint in our guidance, there is an implied difference between first half or Q1 sort of first -- strong start in Q1. As we talked about on the last call; number 1, the second half comps in the last year becomes much, much stronger compared to the first half last year. We feel confident about our ability to get to the higher end of the range from growth, from a sales and operating profit standpoint. As I've talked about on the prior call, there is still a lot movement in the industry in terms of demand, inventory impacts, and so I think we're being appropriately cautious at this point in terms of our guidance for the full year. 
Richard O'Leary: So let me start with your easy one. From an M&A standpoint, I mean, as I made in the comment earlier, I mean, the M&A part has been an important part of the growth strategy and the vision for Frutarom. It's a key core competency of the Frutarom organization. We want to continue to leverage that and help drive the growth as combined companies. We're confident given the strong cash flow of both businesses and the industry as a whole that we can continue to execute on the M&A platform, while aggressively deleveraging the company. 
Richard O'Leary: Yes, that -- I think that's the right way to think about it. I mean, the trading business is very much almost like a distribution type, so the margins are low, but it's a key value-add service that the Frutarom business provides to its customers. 
Richard O'Leary: Okay. Let me start with the first one from a return standpoint. Yes, this -- given the size and the transformative nature of this deal, I think we're looking at 2 different ways. One, on a cash basis, again focusing on how strong a business both companies are, we're probably going to -- we're going to -- we project that we're going to get the cost of capital returns between year 5 and year 6 on a cash basis. On a GAAP basis, probably another year later, 1 additional year, so we still feel very good about the return profiles of combining the 2 companies and certainly the long-term value creation that combining the 2 companies provide. From a synergy standpoint, again, we're focused on the cost synergies. We do believe that there's substantial opportunity out there from a cross selling standpoint, but don't -- we're not going to comment specifically on what that value is. 
Richard O'Leary: Okay. Thanks, Andreas. Yes, just one quick comment, I mean, on the Fragrance growth, it was predominantly volume and commercial performance, new wins, but there was pricing in there, so it was helpful. In terms of citral, I do think it's going to be heavily in the impact. As Andreas said, we're on target with our previous estimates. We still believe that's appropriate. I think, we'll see the biggest impact in Q2 and Q3, again, depending on what happens from their side. From a cost standpoint, the cost to execute and achieve the synergies, it's roughly 1.3x, it's in the ballpark. It's a combination of cost. As I mentioned earlier, there is some capital in there that we believe is going to be necessary to be spent in order to achieve the synergies. From a financing standpoint, it's still pretty early in the process. I think there are opportunities and we'll structure the deal at -- within the company in order to optimize that from a standpoint, look at where the business operates, where the cash flows are generated. So we still have some opportunities there to work through, but I think we're confident in our ability to help -- to have that drive, the delta to see returns that I talked about earlier, in year 2 on a cash basis. No, I mean -- it's part of what I just said we still have to go through the details and work with the Frutarom team in terms of how to optimize and structure that so it allows us to generate -- get the cash from where it's generated to where we need to do to pay down the debt, and that -- work with the specifics of the tax implications associated with that. 
Richard O'Leary: Yes. I think, as I mentioned earlier, the trading business is a value-added service that Frutarom management team believes its central in terms of their relationship with the customers. Again, we'll look at potential asset sales, as we work through the integration process, but it's too early to say. 
Richard O'Leary: Yes, from a -- there is included in the sales purchase agreement a break-up fee. It's standard and it's consistent with industry standards. 
Richard O'Leary: Yes, it's $3.7 billion on a simple basis in terms of just looking at net debt over the EBITDA on a run-rate basis. And then, we expect, as I said, to get -- delever quickly over the next 18 to 24 months and probably get down to less than 2.5x over that period. 
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Rich. Let's summarize. We are very pleased with our strong start to 2018. Sales growth was robust with growth across both business units, that when coupled with cost and productivity initiatives, translated into stronger currency-neutral adjusted operating profit and EPS growth. We are more confident in our outlook for year, as we expect to be towards the upper end of our previously communicated guidance range. On this strong foundation, today's transaction comes from a position of strength. As we discussed, together with Frutarom, we anticipate delivering accelerated growth and offer our customers a stronger, more differentiated portfolio of integrated solutions, allowing us to expand beyond our core taste and scent businesses into nutrition. We will drive differentiation via R&D, balance our customer base by emphasizing fast-growing small and mid-sized customers and maximize our portfolio by expanding into fast-growing and diverse adjacencies. Our partnership will result in value creation for our shareholders and even more opportunities for the talented employees of both companies. We could not be more excited about what the future holds for both of us. Operator, let's open for questions. 
Andreas Fibig: And the good thing on the customer side there is, the overlap is not that big. So it actually helps us for the cross-selling quite tremendously, because we can sell our technology to Frutarom customers and vice versa. So we believe that we'll create a lot of value going forward just cross-selling. 
Andreas Fibig: So Lauren, thank you for the question. And indeed, the integration is of utmost importance. First of all, we have started already with Ori and the Frutarom team to identifying what are the areas and that's how we came up with the $145 million. And we are actually very confident that we can achieve that. And we looked during the DD, from our point of -- our vantage point on the integration, and we believe that we have already a good idea and a good plan in place. We will bring up an integration office, which is manned with people from both companies with one of our high-ranking IFF executives to lead this team for the next 1.5 or 2 years to really make it a priority for us. Actually we have even set up a board integration committee, which is led by -- as a Chairman, by Marcello Bottoli to make sure that we have the right focus on it. So I believe we are very well prepared. And then we should not underestimate that what Frutarom has done in the last couple of years is a lot of work on integration already. So we are counting here on a very experienced team, which can support us to bring this all on board. 
Andreas Fibig: On the second question, we believe that both companies have an entrepreneurial culture and that is a pretty good alignment. So we don't believe that we have an aggressive time line on the cost synergy realization. So we feel real good about this. And if you think, what we have started now, let's say, a year, 2 years ago with our Tastepoint experiment in the U.S., it basically shows how you can deal with these smaller companies. Remember, we brought David Michael and Ottens and we have combined them into the Tastepoint as an outreach or platform for the more regional, smaller and mid -- or mid-sized customers. I believe that we have already some expertise. And that we also know when you build this platform, for example, how do you basically separate the traditional IFF business with the big customers, but still make sure that companies like Tastepoint and now in the future, the Frutarom subsidiaries will get access to IFF technology. And that's the part of cross-selling which will create a lot of value going forward. And I believe that's a tremendous opportunity. 
Andreas Fibig: Yes, what we will do over the next couple of months until the closing is that, we will come up with the right structure for the business going forward, which is -- positions us to capture the value as best as we can. And then we will basically decide on the reporting structure here as well. And you are right, John, there are a couple of ways to go and now we have much more businesses, we have to look how we do it in the best possible way to make sure also that we support the cross-selling. 
Andreas Fibig: Maybe I'll take the last question first. So on Q1, as you were saying very strong growth on the Fragrance side, there was not much pricing built in this -- in the first quarter. So it's volume, which is great. On the citral situation, you probably see that the BSF is coming back to manufacturing, so we are basically for the second and third quarter on our plan. And we are actually in a very good position to deliver what our customers' need. And we're optimistically going forward. So that's where we are. And we are in a very good position. Now I hand over to Rich on the financials. 
Andreas Fibig: No, actually, we are not planning to dispose any of the businesses, at least not big parts. And we go forward with the businesses where Frutarom has entered into agreements and has majority parts of the business. So I think that will be business as usually for Frutarom and for us going forward as well. 
Andreas Fibig: So let me start with the last piece. We certainly have to work with the regulatory authorities on the antitrust, but in our initial assessment, we believe it will be positive and benign, so we don't expect any extra hurdles here. And then, I hand over to... 
Andreas Fibig: And on the other interested party, I think Ori gave the reason why he believes that IFF is the best partner in the industry. 
Andreas Fibig: Well, it's an exciting day for Frutarom and for IFF. We're making really good progress, and I would like to thank all of you as well for participating in the call. I think it worked out very well and the 2 of us believe it's a real strong combination, and it's more than 1 plus 1 is 3 or 4. I think going forward, it will be a great future for both companies. Thank you. 
