Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Rustom, and thanks again to all of joining us today. Before I wrap up today's call, I would like to first recognize our thousands of employees around the world who continue to display their unwavering commitment to serve our customers, unify our teams together with N&B and deliver for our communities. Despite the uncertain environment that we have continued to navigate, IFF's first half and Q2 results showcased the strengths of our combined portfolio and our ability to execute our ambitious business objectives. And I'm incredibly proud to lead such a talented and passionate group of IFF-ers. We have much to be proud of this quarter as we move ahead. I'm confident that we have built the financial and operational structures needed for our combined company to reach even greater heights. As Rustom and I have mentioned, we are targeting a strong full year performance, indicative of our post pandemic aspirations and I know we are exceptionally positioned to achieve this. And we are seeing the strong top line momentum continue in the early days of the third quarter. Together, we will further our mission to be an innovative force for good and redefine what it means to be a leader in a global value chain for consumer goods and commercial products. With that, I would like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Andreas Fibig: Let me get started on it, and then Rustom is talking about the pricing. So first of all, your second question, there's no borrowing from the third quarter for the second quarter. I think that's important. Number two is what is driving us and the strong performance in the second quarter and also the start into the third quarter, because July we had the sales already. So it's a strong win rate. It's a very robust demand we are seeing. In some areas, it is also a superior technology, in particular in parts of the enzyme business and a really good R&D pipeline here as well. So the question now is why we are not going higher. Look, it's a  environment for us right now and as for everybody else. So we have now the COVID Delta variant. And we said, look, let's be careful here what we do, we’re not getting ahead of our skis here and make sure that we have a very realistic target on the sales side. And Rustom, if you could talk a bit about volume and pricing that would be probably helpful.
Andreas Fibig: Look, we are always concerned if we have a turnover on the management team. So far, I think we keep it in a way that we make sure that we are really firing on all cylinders and that we find the right people. Because it's a big task we have here right now on one hand, delivering on our numbers, integrating the businesses and then we are still in the pandemic, which makes it not easier. But in general, I think we have it very well under control. And as you can see, most of these units are performing actually very, very, very well and we expect the same actually for the third quarter as well.
Andreas Fibig: Let me get started. So yes, we are very optimistic on the Nourish right now, also in comparison to some of our peers. And there's a lot of good wins coming in, very strong wins, particularly on the flavor side, and it's really good for what we see the pipeline is pretty filled. We see as well that now having the ingredients helps us to open up customers for flavors, because you do always with the CPGs, first, the ingredient sales and then the flavor sales. And the dynamic right now is if we see an ingredient sales, we try to cross sell already the flavors, which is working actually quite nicely. So win rates are really good and strong. The demand is very, very robust, what we see as well. And we started being very short term, strong because Nourish as well, actually super strong into the third quarter. And Rustom, if you could talk about the raw mats, that will be really good.
Andreas Fibig: And I have to say that was a big focus for our team right now to look because we didn't get the procurement savings in the second quarter we wanted, and probably not in the third. So we shifted actually pretty agile, the way how we deliver the synergies. So it was more cost out in particular in terms of headcount in other areas as well. And we are now planning for next year getting more of the synergies from procurement and then certainly in 2023 because, at some point in time, it will ease. So I think we did a good job to just, let's say, reachc shift where we get it from. On the revenue growth, before I hand it over to Rustom on EBITDA, it is certainly positive because you will see also carryover effect into next year on the sales line if you have raised the prices, which is good and good to see for us. But I guess everybody in that marketplace is doing it right now. But Rustom, if you can talk about the cost pressures, in general? How you see it and the EBITDA margin.
Andreas Fibig: Actually a good point Rustom is making, because a big portion of it is driven by airfreight. And as soon as we have enough capacity available, we will reduce the airfreight quite significantly, which is super helpful on the cost side as well.
Andreas Fibig: No, actually, look, what we see is we'll recover in the second half in pharma, because we are recovering some of it through all the cold snap we had in the Midwest. So that will come back but probably not to the degree we have to demand. And on the Health & Bioscience piece, it's certainly driven by our manufacturing capacity, which is limited but also with higher comps we will see for the last two quarters. So we will see how it goes. We are very careful here on this side but it will be more positive than what we have seen in the first quarter. Certainly, we saw already an acceleration in the second quarter and it will go in the right direction. So we are observing it quite carefully. What I can tell you also in the third quarter, the legacy N&B businesses had a pretty strong start. And then certainly, part of it is in the Nourish business as well and reflected in the Nourish numbers, in particular, the Ingredients business, we should not underestimate that. And by the way, having you on, I hope you have seen the really strong performance of Fine Fragrances, which are really going in the right direction, helping with the mix on the Scent side quite significantly.
Andreas Fibig: I would say if I go to the different categories, we see still strong demand for Fine Fragrances. And this is not just driven by the robust demand right now but also by our win rate. We are winning more than our fair share and that's very, very helpful. Consumer Fragrance, here, I would say, in general, for the market, you see a moderation and that's what you hear in the market from the big CPGs as well. But again, we are in the good position or lucky position that we are on all the core lists we wanted to be. And then we talked over the last couple of quarters about the street callers we made a year and half ago and they are really contributing. So that's helpful for us. But in general, we see some moderation. Another one is active cosmetics. We see a big, big and strong growth going forward. On Health & Bioscience, I would say, very strong in Home and Personal Care, but more driven by our wins and our technology than by the whole market. So that's what I would say. And then grain processing and microbial control are coming back out of, let's say, modest performance in last year. And animal nutrition is pretty good as well. On the Nourish side, I would say we haven't seen any slowing down of demand. And that might be also driven because we are now in a unique position that we can offer from the ingredient, to the flavor, to the total solution that we are in a different position than many of our competitors and that helps us actually to position us in the right way. So answering your question is we see some markets, we see the market's moderation, but not too much for us because of the position where we're in right now. So that will be my overall comment.
Andreas Fibig: I would say, if we're starting to close down, again, if the delta variants really proving dangerous for us. I would say the food service is the only business I could think of right now, which could be impacted, maybe fine fragrance. But what we have seen is much more online usage but these are the two categories where I see an impact, or a negative impact. On the other hand, if the close down comes, I would say that Consumer Fragrances, in particular, in terms of the health and the hygiene products, are going up. And as you said, on the health side as well because people are trying to fortify their food, trying to be healthy, getting more probiotics in. And so I would say we have at least as many opportunities as we have risk to another close down. So that's how I would describe it for now.
Andreas Fibig: No, I think you captured it very, very well. I just want to make a general remark on mix. Obviously, we try for all businesses now to push basically all the parts of the portfolio, which have the higher profitability and the higher growth areas, which over time should really help us with mix. And I think what you see with Scent, it's something which is a very positive driver for our profitability going forward.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Thank you. We are incredibly proud on the second quarter because, again, as we said, first of all, we delivered strong growth, even in comparison to 2019, which is real good parameter here. Secondly, we’re integrating well with the N&B business and we do it in time of a pandemic. And I think, again, I would like to use the time to congratulate all of our teams around the globe for what they have accomplished. And I think it’s not an easy task and everybody did really as best and that’s where IFF stands for. Thank you for that, and talk to most of you later. Thank you guys. Bye-bye.
Rustom Jilla: Look, our focus on the second half is on ensuring that we achieve the pricing needed to recover raw material and logistics costs. We do recognize we had very strong growth in Q2, predominantly volume driven. But also, I mean, there is uncertainty out there with Delta COVID, as you heard. So we've calibrated our guidance. We think appropriately to manage performance, risk and the need for pricing. And the composition is a bit different of our first half and second half growth. I mean in the second half, we're expecting that, on average, pricing will contribute close to 2.5 points of growth with volumes at a similar level. So this is all without FX of course.
Rustom Jilla: I mean, look, strong demand in enzymes has led to the tight capacity in the short term. But to be clear, capacity is not a medium or long term constraint. And Andreas covered everything else.
Rustom Jilla: Actually, we're looking at closer to about 5.5% now. We've seen continued inflation in logistics and in raw materials. So yes, we have started the Nigerias getting close to starting negotiations and working on all of that. But Gunther, at this point in time, we are not seeing any deceleration in inflation. In fact, if anything, we're seeing it continuing and exacerbating, in general. It actually has a -- there's another impact to this as well, because even when we recover 100% of the cost increases, I mean that does push down our operating margin. And you can actually go and take the -- just do the math, anyone interested. You go back and pick a number, even add like $225 million of cost and $225 million of price recovery to our 2020 results and keep everything else unchanged, and that alone takes about 50 basis points of our operating margin, that's just pure math. So I mean there's different factors in here.
Rustom Jilla: Like I said, I mean, the impact of the -- even with full recovery, it depresses our operating margin. If you look at some of the other factors we're getting this year, it's not so bad, like capacity expansion projects as we talked about with Pfizer, they come online in 2022. So the negative air freight impact that we are seeing will go away when you think by the time you come into 2023. And yes, so we recognize the 26% numbers a little further away from where it is right now compared to when we are there. But as we started, it's three year number and we are committed to it. And what we're looking at is so far this year we've got stronger sales. And as you can see, slightly lower op margin than we expected.
Rustom Jilla: So let me take the part of that. So most of the cost increases that the raw material draft cost increases that we've seen coming through and are still coming through are impacting Nourish. I mean if you think about $220 million-ish sort of cost hit that we're having right now, a part of which is freight rates, not the freight volume that Andreas and I talked about, but freights. Probably close to 80% is impacting Nourish. And it's a few specific areas, it's soy meal, soy protein, that's the biggest one that we see there. There's LBK, lotus bean kernel that's very close behind. And then there's also like vegetable oils, propylene glycol, stuff like that. I mean the Scent business, the impact turpentine cedarwood, it's there, and it's coming in, but it's coming in more in the back half of the year as opposed to the first half of the year, and it was smaller compared to Nourish. Nourish is where we had the biggest impact. So that's what you're really seeing driving the business there.
Rustom Jilla: That's a small business. I don't know if we've -- the seller wanted us to disclose that, so I won't. But we have been talking, it's a very small and sub-$100 million. How is that…
Rustom Jilla: I guess, Andreas, I mean just think -- Lauren, it is a little bit of multiyear. I mean we're probably going to spend about another $450 million in total, but it's actually good. We can use more. We've got good strong business. I mean, I view this as a positive and we have the cash flow and so we're going to use it.
Rustom Jilla: So let me do the first one. I mean, yes, it came from the February outages but there's still been problems with the suppliers and the force majeure type situations, with methachloride. And it shut down two of our plants temporarily during the period, which meant that it's a pity because we could have sold every single thing we produced, obviously, and then we also had underutilization. So that's what came through there. If I was to roughly look at the break in general, at the percentages in general between raw material and freight about, call it, 85% or so of the total comes from raw material increases and about 15% from freight. But interestingly, freight is a much smaller portion. If you break up that 5.5% that we talked about, the material cost impact is probably about 5% inflation we're seeing. I'm rounding all these numbers. And the freight rate increase is probably about 8% and may even be slightly higher with the way that's going. I mean containers are 3 times to 4 times sea freight as high as they've been. And also, there's one more complication even when we have contracted rates we and many others experienced, there's lots of delays going on and stuff. So we sometimes book -- we can't get the stuff on the contracted rate still much later and have to pick spot rates. And we’re also forced sometimes to look at different modes of transport from a reliability perspective. So a lot's going on there.
