Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Rich. In summary, we are pleased that we achieved currency-neutral growth across all metrics in the first quarter of 2017. Sales growth was strong and overall currency-neutral adjusted operating profit was supported by a successful integration of recent acquisitions, evidence that we are allocating capital to the highest return initiatives. Simultaneously, we continue to refocus on the execution of Vision 2020 as we believe our emphasis on building great differentiation and delivering profitable growth that will create incremental shareholder value long-term. For the full-year, we are optimistic that our financial growth rates should accelerate as our 2016 performance as we have confirmed our currency-neutral financial guidance. With that, I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Andreas Fibig: If I might add, and if you look at the acquisitions, you have certainly an impact from David Michael, which was done in the fourth quarter, but it's not the total quarter, so we have technically more sales than Fragrance Resource, which was closed basically mid of January, so that has an effect here as well.
Andreas Fibig: Okay. Mark, I'll take it. First of all, we don't see an underperformance compared to competitors on a FX-neutral basis, that's number one. Last year, the first quarter is the first quarter, and I think we should look at the year. Looking at the developing markets, we see actually right now a pretty good performance for certainly North America, in many regards, organically, but also through the acquisitions. Europe is actually amazingly strong for us, which is a good one. Coming to the emerging markets, here, we see a lot of headwinds in terms of currency. I think all the currencies with exception of the euro, Rich just mentioned are all in the emerging markets, which are creating a lot of headwind for us. We see a lot of economic turmoil and volatility in Latin America, which is obviously an important customer not just for the Fragrance business – or region for the Fragrance business, in particular, Brazil is really not easy to manage right now. We see certainly more turmoil in the Middle East as well, and China is volatile. So, you see that the emerging markets or the contribution of the emerging market was not as good or as, let's say, important as it was many years or the years before. We believe that we still – as our exposure to the emerging market that many of these markets will come back over time and will create again a growth engine for us looking forward during the, let's say, strategic planning horizon.
Andreas Fibig: And I might add on – if you look at the market and you have seen this between the big companies and the small or mid-market companies, it's really bifurcation of the market. And now for us, in particular in North America, increasing our share in the smaller customers is really beneficial for us, and it will help us with our growth rates as well going forward.
Andreas Fibig: Actually, we see it now through, because it is now five acquisitions if we include PowderPure, and we are building critical mass. And what we see here is new wins as well going forward. And actually, all of these acquisitions – okay, I can't talk for PowderPure, it's probably between you. But all of the four acquisitions have at least double to triple the growth rate of regional business, and they are becoming an engine of growth for us. And I think it's helping. I agree with you. At the beginning, when we had our first acquisition, it was very small. It was not moving the needle, but now accumulating more of these growth engines that's really, really helpful for us, and that's actually moving it forward. Particularly in North America, we see it actually big times, big times.
Andreas Fibig: So, let me talk about the two acquisitions we did in North America and the Flavors side, Ottens and David Michael. This is all a lot of exposure towards the small and mid-size customers. We see here a good development. We see great new wins going forward, and we see that the performance is certainly outperforming the market. If we look at our market data right now, we should be the market leader for this segment of the market which was the intent of these two acquisitions to make sure that we increase our exposure towards these faster-growing customers. In terms of the sequencing, we acquired David Michael in October. So, I would say end of this October, it turns into organic. And Ottens is already organic. So, it's not accounted any longer as an M&A. Let's say, growth number is already an organic number and it's helping us with our organic growth acceleration anyway.
Andreas Fibig: I would say, Curt, that certainly the Fine Fragrances is in a, let's say, in a weak economic environment, more discretionary item and people save on it. But on the food side, probably not so much. And with all products, in particular, in Latin America, we are let's say exposed to let's say better cost solutions like with the powder drinks, for example. So, that we basically hitting actually an area which has good growth rates. Unfortunately, that's not the case with the Fine Fragrances and here we have to say as well as particularly two of our local customers where we are very strong, we have very high win rates, still they are suffering volume losses here. So, that's what it is. That actually is the difference between the Flavors and the Fragrance business as well.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Absolutely. And you hit the nail here. It is, in particular, North America, where the distribution model that's changing, and particularly on the more Mass (48:43) Fragrance, Fine Fragrance part. And here, it's actually of the essence to make sure that we as well, and our customers, let's say, find the right mix of the products between the prestige, the premium, and the mass and masstige (49:00) market. I think that's really, really important. Interesting enough, it looks – at the moment, it's very much a North America issue. Europe looks still different. And if you look at our growth rates, you can reconcile that. But that's certainly a topic for our customers, and ultimately a topic for us as well.
Andreas Fibig: Well, it's a good point. So, for us, our exposure, big two, the smaller one is roundabout 50/50. What we see is, or what you have to do if you serve the smaller customers is that you need a differentiated service model, which creates, let's say, actually a better approach for these customers which is more agile, faster, more nimble, and has certainly, also on our side, probably lesser exposure to cost, because the good thing is, many of these customers are making faster decisions, and you basically get the business earlier and faster than with the bigger ones. And usually, you don't have a core list exposure where you have to say, bigger rebates to get on this list, for example. And that's the reason why, on the Flavors side here, in the U.S., we are having kind of a standalone facility now serving these customers. And that's basically everything, the whole operation between Ottens and David Michael, with some of our smaller business together to make sure that we take into consideration a really differentiated service model here. That's the only way that you can become successful in this market segment.
Andreas Fibig: So, I would not say that you see a trend in that, but we see certainly that this is an opportunity. And if you look at on the Flavor side at our PowderPure acquisition, then this is certainly going into an adjacent part of the business, which could certainly add to that quite significantly. On the Fragrance side, I'm actually not so sure. I would say on the Fine Fragrance, you deliver the whole package anyway despite the packaging material. But we haven't seen anything else on the Consumer Fragrance side. There's probably more trend we see towards the Flavors and Ingredients business. And then here, we are taking account of it, but we have to make sure as well as that you keep your margin profile because some of these, let's say, complete solutions are not the most profitable ones, but we have to make sure that we manage that in a very careful way here.
Andreas Fibig: It's basically going to get netted in the cost and productivity, but again it's been limited, given the environment. I mean, I think the big part of the reinvestment is going to come as we talked about later this year and into 2018 as we get the full benefits associated with the productivity program.
Richard A. O’Leary: Thanks, Mark. Look, I think from a top-line standpoint, the first quarter was challenging. I think when we look at our full-year expectations, it's based on our current views in terms of confirmed new wins. We do expect that volume erosion and the effects of destocking, expect to have less of a drag as we proceed through the balance of the year. We are expecting to see improved performance particularly in the second half of the year related to Lucas Meyer's. And we'll continue to see greater contribution from the faster growing acquisitions and their impact associated with local and regional customers.
Richard A. O’Leary: Hi, Lauren. It's Rich. I think couple of things from me. One, I would say that, again, while I expect and we expect to see less of an impact, it's not like it's based on a significant turnaround. We still expect to see pressure, and it's less about having less of a headwind, but it's still going to be headwind. Our expectations are not based on having a significant turnaround, for example, in Latin America for Fragrances. Latin America for Flavors is quite strong and our full-year outlook for Flavors in Latin America is pretty consistent with what we saw in the first quarter. I think when we look at our relationship to our customers, I think as there is a downward correction, we are more lagging. And I think when conditions are improving, we're probably an earlier indicator.
Richard A. O’Leary: I would also say – sorry, Lauren. I would also say that – to what Andreas was talking about is, when you look at our win rates this year compared to our win rates last year, we feel good about where we are in both businesses. Volume erosion in the Q1 was above average, and as I said, I think we still expect to see pressure in the first half of this year. As that works out, we've got – certainly the situation in Latin America is challenging. We've got key customers there. Two of the key local and regional customers are clearly going through destocking. And again, as I said, we're not expecting that to turn around significantly, but we expect the impact to lessen as we progress through the year.
Richard A. O’Leary: Sure. Yeah. When you look overall, the net of pricing, the input costs is – as a percent of sales, the net impact in the quarter is little less than a point. Of that, about a third of that is price, so that's principally related to the Ingredients business. Two-thirds of that – the other part of that is really, as we talked about in the commentary, it's related to the Fragrance compound business, both the effects of core list agreements and getting on to new agreements, as well as the volume-related rebates. So, it's principally – those are the two factors in that split.
Richard A. O’Leary: No. I think that's always been there for – as we get access to more business, I mean, there's a bigger impact to that. But the effect of the global and the large customers using – requiring that, it's been around for years.
Richard A. O’Leary: As I mentioned earlier, I would say that the new win commercial performance was strong. It's in line with our long-term averages. Pricing was slightly unfavorable, and I talked about that – just my previous comments with Lauren. And as I also said, volume erosion was a little worse than the long-term averages.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. There's two factors. One is, we have to write-up the inventory to basically selling price. So, the initial – as the initial sales of the inventory, we basically get no margin on it, or very little margin on it. I think that will continue probably for at least another quarter. On top of that, we have, obviously, we have the step up in intangibles which will continue, and we'll have that for multiple years and it really drives the impact, the synergies. Ultimately, as we ramp up the synergies, that's how we get back to cost of capital returns.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. Look, I mean, again, from a business standpoint, Latin America again I think Flavors is performing well. From our Fragrance standpoint, we've got a couple of factors. Again, the macroeconomic factors are certainly impacting the overall region. As I mentioned earlier, we've got a couple of key customers that their business is under pressure. And on top of that, we know that they're going through destocking. And that's – until they get to that process, it's going to continue to impact us. I think the other factor is when you look at our Fabric business, which is our biggest business in consumer. We are a little bit – we are more indexed to the value-added segment, particularly related to our encapsulation around, say, something like fabric conditioner in a market like Latin America, we see consumers trading down and are not purchasing fabric conditioners as much as they are doing basic detergents. So, that's part of what's dragging the Consumer Fragrance business down and providing the big headwinds that we've seen for multiple quarters.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. Sure. It's North America. There was a contamination issue that we traced back to one of our suppliers. Our own quality control and testing procedures identified the (38:49) contained the salmonella. We notified the customer and the FDA, and they've mandated a product recall. We don't believe it's reached the consumer, and there has been no reported illnesses. As a result of that, we wrote off our sales related to the inventory, and we wrote off our remaining inventory, and that was the total charge of about $1.8 million in the quarter. We do believe it's probable that we're going to have additional losses and costs, but we can't estimate it at this point in time. But we don't believe it's going to have a material impact on our financial condition, but it could have an impact on any particular quarter. And we'll also continue to pursue reimbursement. But again, it's very early in the process.
Richard A. O’Leary: Okay. Just a couple of things there, Heidi. Impact in the first quarter was slightly unfavorable. We've got and that's higher input costs for the Flavors business, particularly driven by the naturals and the vanilla that we talked about previously. Favorable on the Fragrance side of the business, but slightly unfavorable in total. For the full-year, I would say that we're looking probably at this point in the range of 3%. It could continue to go higher, depending upon what's going on with particularly vanilla. Vanilla continues to increase in the market. There's been supply constraints. There's a lot of pressure from a demand standpoint, and we continue to see vanilla prices going up.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. I would say we're more incubated on the David Michael side. And on the rest of our business, particularly in North America and Europe, we're working with our customers on pricing.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. So, again I think it's primarily in – the pricing is primarily in the natural side of the business and more on the Flavors side, as I mentioned earlier. Overall, that's reflected in roughly 3% guidance that I just mentioned earlier, and we are working with our customers on that to recover those costs.
Richard A. O’Leary: I mean, as we indicated, when you look at the first quarter, it was about 5 percentage points, worth of growth.
Richard A. O’Leary: Bad debt, no. I think, we might have a little bit of carryover into Q2 on the manufacturing side. The reactor is back up and running, so that's not going to be an issue for Q2. But the other issue where we've ramped-up the new manufacturing process, there will be a little bit of carryover into Q2.
Richard A. O’Leary: It's a very, very good question. We see it actually stable for the big ones compared with last year. But we are seeing increasing activity from the smaller customers and particularly on the Flavors side. And that's encouraging taking our strategy into account, while we are increasing our exposure here. But in the big ones, we haven't seen an increased level so far. It's just pretty stable compared to what it was last year.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. So, let me just put some – a little bit in context. When you look at the year-over-year margin profile for the business, if you take the currency impact out, which is probably 80 basis points, if you take out the effect of the unplanned expenses that I mentioned earlier, which is probably 70 basis points at the margin level, so if you – absent those two factors, our margin year-over-year will be slightly positive. So, your cost-to-serve element, there's different components. Andreas talked about the Flavors side of it. If I look at the compound side for Fragrances, the smaller customers, we have less from a cost-to-serve standpoint, because more of that business is going to come off of our – out of our bank, and we have less of a creative demand related to the local and regional customers.
Richard A. O’Leary: We didn't. I mean, it's about 1.5% at top line and 2.5% at the operating profit line. So it shifted a little bit, given the strong performance in the Q1 from the M&A business and the unplanned expenses on our Organic business in Q1.
Richard A. O’Leary: Brett, let me make one correction to what I just said. At the top line, it's about 4.5%. I transposed currency versus M&A.
