Andreas Fibig: Sure, Heidi. I can take it. I think, first, please remember that we need to adjust the reporting differences, specifically FX-related pricing. But I think Rustom talked about that. Certainly, we have an impact on the Food Service, which is happening in the home market for the competition as well. But despite that, we are not entirely happy, and there's more work to be done. We see if you zero down, in particular, some weakness in Europe, where we have to dig in and figure out how we go forward. We see actually a very strong performance in North America. And we have to model what we have done over the last, let's say, 2 or 3 years in North America, in other regions as well. So there's a program underway. And I might remind you, a couple of years ago, we had similar questions on our Scent business. We are taking it very seriously. And I think we have turned around the Scent business quite significantly. And I would say in that area, we are outperforming our competition now, in particular, on the Consumer Fragrance side. So that's what we see. And we will take the action to make sure that we fix what we have to fix here. 
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Sure. Absolutely. And that's a quite important question because it's strategic in a sense. We still believe that you need a good exposure to the smaller and midsized customers over long-term to grow your business. Certainly, the small customers had more impact of the COVID crisis than some of the big ones. We believe that most of them will come back to growth. And let me give you 2 examples. We see right now still quite a bit of an impact on the small customers in India, for example, where we are market leader with our Taste business, so that has an impact on our business. On the contrary, we see actually very good results of our Tastepoint business here in the U.S., and we are starting to accelerate again with small customers. And I think what we are seeing is now since the, let's say, supply lines are again very robust and delivering, I think it gets better here as well. So you see, it depends on the region, it depends on the country, but we believe in the long-term that this is a customer base we would like to keep it because we believe we will get some good growth out of it. I hope that helps, Heidi. 
Andreas Fibig: Sure. I take the first piece of it on the sales for the fourth quarter, then Rustom can comment on the cost, and then I come back on the S-4. Look, Lauren, in all honesty, it's tough on the fourth quarter. As Rustom said, we had a good start into the fourth quarter basically on all measures, in particular also on the Scent business, very, very strong start into it. But we are cautious for a couple of reasons. First of all, we see now in Europe, again, many of these, let's say, lockdowns, even if they call it soft lockdowns. So we will see what that brings for us in terms of Food Service, but Fine Fragrance business as well, which started well in October, but we will see what's happening here. But what we know is that we are running against a very strong fourth quarter last year, first of all, good growth but then also driven by the 53rd week. So still, good start into the quarter, also a good order book, but we remain cautious because of the 53rd week and also about the new lockdowns we have seen in Europe. That's the reason why we are taking a bit more of a conservative stance. But Rustom, please comment on the cost and then the operating profit side. 
Andreas Fibig: Okay, Rustom. Thank you for that. So in summary, I would say, good start, but we are very cautious about the situation we are having. And I think the put and takes on the cost side Rustom explained quite well. Coming back to the S-4 question. And I think what plays an important role here is, first of all, the area where we want to focus on. What we have done a quite extensive, let's say, review of our new portfolio. And there are certainly a couple of areas, which have really good growth perspective. And I'm not giving you our guidance or budget for next year. But I would like to give you some background how we think about next year in terms of the different categories. So look, the Consumer Fragrance business has performed very well in the last couple of quarters, and we don't see any change in the fourth quarter, and we don't see too much change for the next year. And that's a quite significant business between $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion, because we believe that the demand for hygiene products will stay high next year and Personal Wash as well. And as Rustom commented in his comments on the earnings, the 3 new callers are really producing now really nice growth and have enough critical mass to give us some additional growth. So that will be a good focus area. Fine Fragrance will come back eventually as soon as COVID is normalizing over the course of next year. And that gives us just technically already a nice growth going forward into the 2021. And then we see actually a good performance on the Active Cosmetic business and the Ingredients business as well. Since we have solved for the, let's say, raw material issues out of India, I think that's working well. So that should give us good growth going forward. On the Taste side, as I said, we have to focus on the most important categories where we can get growth. One of the fastest-growing areas was the beverage area for us, in particular, hard sales in the U.S. We believe that it's a good growth driver for us going forward. We see some of the Natural Product Solutions driving forward, which is -- could be the INFAT business, the food protection business and that helps us to grow nicely. And Food Service, over the course of next year, the quick-service restaurants should normalize as soon as we see some more regular business after -- in the post COVID period. So we believe that could give us good growth drivers going forward. On the N&B side, even it's not our business now, but what I see from the outside and the pre-integration, you have a couple of business like the biorefinery business or microbial control business, which has challenges which should normalize after the COVID crisis as well. And then you see certainly businesses like the probiotics business or the cultures or enzyme business, which are going quite nicely. So we believe that could drive our growth going forward in 2021. You mentioned integrated solutions. That's certainly a growth driver as well. But I would expect this more in year 2 after the integration because it needs a bit of time that our customers not just, let's say, buying the concept, but launching these products in the marketplace as well. And then it will drive quite nice revenue synergies and certainly profit synergies as well going forward. I hope it helps to unpack how we see the different portfolio pieces. Maybe just a remark on the regions. As I said before, we have nice growth in North America and a great momentum on both sides of our business, which is fantastic. I think Latin America is better than you might think. And hopefully, it will go better next year as well. We have a bit of a topic on Europe, which is certainly driven by COVID because Fine Fragrance has a big footprint in Europe, as you well know. Lots comes out of France and the Food Service business as well. So we will focus here to fix as much as we can. And then, hopefully, with the, let's say, introduction of the vaccine and the post-COVID period that can give us more growth going forward. So I talked a lot, but I hope that gave you a bit of a perspective how we see the world for now. 
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Thank you, Faiza, for the question. Let me start with your last part. As I said, we have rigorously looked at our portfolio and there are pieces where we really want to accelerate our growth going forward because we believe it's the right thing to do. And there are pieces which might not fit too much any longer into our portfolio on the IFF side. And it's probably too early to talk about concrete pieces but we are looking actively into it, and we can't make a decision on N&B, but we are looking into the portfolio here as well. I think your read is quite spot on. On the lessons learned, I would say there are a couple of lessons. The first one is that you need some time, if you bring these organizations together. You have to start with an aligned team and do as much work before day 1 as you can. Let me give you an example. Look, we have now announced basically up to the top 150, 170 leaders in the new organizations already. And we are still 2, 2.5 months ahead of closure. And hopefully, we will go down 1 layer further. We didn't do it because it was a shorter time frame with Frutarom. I think that's an incredible important step because we can hit the rubber or we can hit the road much, much faster than the Frutarom. The second thing is we have done an extensive work on the integrated solutions and the cross-selling opportunities. And one of the learnings was, we were, even in food, never short of ideas, but it took longer to realize it. And as I said, we will achieve our top line synergies with food, but it took longer than we were thinking. And that was mainly driven not just selling these ideas to our customers, but until the customer was launching the actual products. And it just takes a bit of more time. And here, we were -- let's say, we started earlier. We tested more robustly our ideas. And we have planned for more time to realize it. I think that's an important one as well. And then I think we have learned a lot in terms of, let's say, optimizing our footprint. And that was going okay and well. On the food side, I think we are even better prepared now for the merge with N&B on this side as well. So a ton of learnings. I could talk even further, but this might be the most important ones. And it was very helpful. I think for us, to take on something like N&B without having had Frutarom before as an integration exercise, would have been a very, very tough one. But I think the key learnings have helped that quite a bit to be very, very well prepared. And I would say, right now, we are light years ahead of what we had with our last integration. That's what I always hear when I talk to my head of integration. I hope that helps. 
Andreas Fibig: Sure thing. Gunther, I take the first one. What we've seen in the COVID crisis is that many customers have changed a bit their behavior in terms of orders. We see at the beginning of the quarter probably more orders than usual because everybody tries to get their stuff they need. And that's true, by the way, for the fourth quarter as well, which is very high, but we are cautious because we don't know how that will, let's say, good on over the quarter. That's the reason. So we have seen, let's say, a deterioration also in the third quarter over the course of the quarter that the order book went down. And you see sales went up a bit in October, again, but who knows what will happen in September -- in December. Sorry for that. And also the comparison is certainly a tough one. So as I said, a bit of a different order behavior of our customers, also depending on the region. We see now some movements in Europe, which is probably because of the lockdown situation. And you sit in London, and we see some movements now for the Brexit, which will now happen probably finally. And you see some movements back and forth as well. So that's the reason for that. But on the raw materials, please, Rustom, you comment. 
Andreas Fibig: No. I think that's exactly right. What we have seen actually is stronger sales on Fine Fragrances, which was positive in October, which is actually -- it's great. We will see how it pans out over the rest of the quarter. It's an important season for us because it's ahead of the holiday season. So that's important. That's what we have seen. And we have seen still a double-digit growth on Consumer Fragrances, which is great as well, but not too much of a change, as was some said of the previous quarter. And as I said, we are really looking here from week-to-week how we are moving forward. And Gunther's question was the same as how is the order book? The order book is strong, but we will see whether it deteriorates over the course of the quarter. And that's the reason why we are cautious. In terms of regions, I think Rustom is right. Europe is our focal area right now. I think it's good for North America. North America is good. Latin America is probably better than you would expect. Asia is okay because now we see that India is coming back, which is great. But Europe is still a focus area. And that's certainly driven by the new lockdowns we see all over Europe. 
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Thank you, John, for the question. It's certainly one of our focus areas because I believe we are exceptionally strong positioned in that area going forward because we have all the ingredients to satisfy by the market here. What we see is that basically, many companies are now moving into that area. The category was suffering at the beginning a bit from quick-service restaurants being down. That is coming back now in some of the geographies, which is good. But you see more and more that these products are going into supermarkets like Whole Foods and others alike. So what I want to say here is they had a bit of a hard time at the beginning of the pandemics with the quick-service restaurants. They are coming back. We see more companies moving into that area, and we see that the whole category is growing, and that's our expectations for the years to come as well. I hope it helps, John. 
Andreas Fibig: Yes, sure. Absolutely. Look, there were some dis-synergies we have seen. Maybe we have talked about the citrus business we had out of Florida, where we have supplied 1 of our competitors. They lost their big customers, but they also have built their own, let's say, capabilities here, and we lost quite significant part of the citrus business. That's actually probably 1 of the premier examples for sales dis-synergy. We don't expect too many sales dis-synergies from N&B. But we have built it in. And we said that if we look at the sales synergies, it always has to be a net number as it is on the cost side as well. So we are very aware of that. And we make sure that we really capture it in the right way. I hope that example helps. 
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Thank you for all of your questions. Thank you for that. It was a good discussion, and we're looking forward for the one on ones. Thank you, and stay healthy, please. Bye-bye. 
Rustom Jilla: Yes, absolutely, Andreas. Yes, look, I mean, the situation is pretty uncertain. I mean Andreas made that point on the cost end of things, right? And we're fortunate the majority of our portfolio is resilient and essential, the food, beverage, hygiene, disinfection, all the rest of that. But we are looking right now as far as we can tell that a worsening of the pandemic, and that will likely translate into continued weakness in Q4 in our COVID-19 impacted areas, Fine Fragrance and Food Service, right? So we are kind of not 100% sure how that plays out. But Food Service already, as we think about it, we think that it's going to be probably slightly worse than Q3 was. On COVID costs, by the way, Lauren, I mean, we had -- Q3 was big. I mean, we had close to around $13 million of COVID costs, and that's because we had about several million for the one-off costs, for the special payments that were made. In Q4, based on the run rate and how things flow-through from our inventories and all the rest of it, we'll expect a COVID cost, but much smaller number, probably closer to around the $5 million type range. So yes, you're right. And you do remember that last year as well, we talked about the 53rd week and it being 400 basis points in revenue and all the rest of that. That's a roughly $50 million sales headwind when you come around to this Q4. And the extra week also comes with a -- came with a substantial operating profit contribution. And while it's hard to be precise, okay, we estimate that this represents a roughly $15 million to $20 million headwind in Q4. So if you think about that, I mean, that's a big one. And then if you look at the other numbers in there and what we may have, we also have in Q4 last year -- we had a Brazilian tax indirect, what is it -- indirect taxes last year that we got. And that was -- and that had been subject to litigation. We disclosed that in our 10-K. That was roughly about $8 million. So if you look at that, I mean, those items between them. And finally was the AIP, okay? We mentioned that the AIP was nothing -- for the whole year we talked about AIP being a $40 million headwind last year for the whole year projections in '20. And  about half of that amount will come in the fourth quarter, the delta year-on-year. There wasn't too much in Q3. But also going in the other directions, you don't think it's all simply negative, right? We have some positives. And last year in Q4 you may remember that we had inventory impacted much lower gross profit margin. And so this year, we fully expect to be at least $10 million better on that account. And then we have the synergies, as Mark asked about the synergies to start with. And so we'll have a similar positive amount compared to last year's Q4 in synergy and productivity benefits. So I think that... 
Rustom Jilla: Yes. Thanks, Andreas. Yes, in Q3, it was a negative, right? I mean -- and one of it was Fragrance Ingredients that I talked about where we continue to use high cost inventory, right? And COVID -- the COVID part within our raw materials of usage coming through was a few million dollars as well, which will be much less going into Q4, simply the lag of when we order and the inventory and when it gets used, right? In Q4, I mean, Gunther, we expect it to be still the net of pricing and raw material costs to be negative, but a very slight negative because we actually expect, in general, some positive input costs and then rest in there. So hopefully, that gives you the answer to that. 
Rustom Jilla: Thanks. Let me take this quickly. It's the -- it's COVID impact, right? If you think about the COVID costs coming through, we saw that the roughly $5 million of extra costs that we incurred in the quarter flowed through, and it was much more in Taste than it was in Scent when we had. I mean there was also -- Scent benefited -- you are comparing Scent and Taste implicitly and Scent benefited from Fine Fragrance coming back, I mean, like a minus 17% at the end and the minus 14% in the quarter. Those numbers is considerably better than the minus 40% that we had in Q2. So you saw the benefit plus a lot of productivity and cost discipline coming through the numbers. Taste was good in terms of its cost control -- of its OpEx cost control as well. But just the combination of the Food Service and the different businesses, I mean, on the gross margin, we had a tough quarter. 
Rustom Jilla: Look, it's something we're looking at, honestly. I mean we do believe that our way of looking at it is more right, as I said earlier. And -- but at the end of the day, I mean, it is frustrating that when you compare it to our peers, it makes the report, the numbers that we put out, we're doing ourselves a disservice in an environment where the emerging currency -- where the emerging currencies are weakening. As I said in there, I'll just say 1 quick thing in point. So if you just look at our Scent's performance and if you look at our Scent performance reported on apples-to-apples basis, right, I mean we're talking about 8% type growth. So anyway, I'll leave it at that. 
