Hernan Vaisman: Thank you, Nicolas, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. This quarter, Flavors delivered 5% local currency growth spread across all regions. Excluding nearly $11 million of low-margin sales activities, local currency sales growth was 8% on a like-for-like basis. The exit of low-margin sales activities primarily affected North America and Latin America and mainly constituting products in the Sweet category. This is the last quarter that we expect to report the impact from the exit of low-margin sales activities. Starting with the third quarter, we have substantially completed the exit of low-margin sales activities. Flavors like-for-like growth of 8% this quarter compares to 9% growth in the second quarter of 2012 and 8% growth in the second quarter of 2011. On a 3 years basis, our growth of 8% demonstrates the consistent nature of our Flavors business and our ability to grow our top line sales by focusing on our geographic reach and driving innovation into the portfolio. This is reflected in the strong level of new wins this quarter as well as growth in our base business. Due to the strong level of new wins, we achieved consistent performance across all regions with continued strong growth in the emerging markets as well as the developed markets. Sales in emerging markets this quarter were approximately 50% of total sales. Our performance this quarter demonstrates the success of our creative and application teams as well as our customer relationships. Turning to regional performance. North America delivered exceptional like-for-like growth of 11% this quarter, which is a clear indication of the strong performance of our commercial and technology teams and the success they have experienced driving innovation into the portfolio. The best-performing category was Beverage followed by Savory, reflecting strong new wins with many of our customers and shows their faith in our innovative products that deliver brand growth. EAME delivered like-for-like sales growth of 5% this quarter due to improved year-over-year sales in both the developed as well as emerging markets. Flavors experienced growth in Western and Eastern Europe, Africa and the Middle East it. On a category basis, growth was led by Beverage and Savory. Sweet and Dairy also delivered positive growth. In Greater Asia, volume gains and new business wins drove like-for-like growth of 8%, reflecting widespread gains with higher quarter-over-quarter sales mainly in Indonesia, China and the Asian countries. Beverage category contributed to the strong performance led by Savory and Dairy. Finally, Latin America achieved like-for-like growth of 11%, showing increased momentum to the new wins. Savory and Sweet both delivered double-digit growth, while Beverage and Dairy also delivered solid growth. In all, we are very pleased with our top line growth this quarter, which demonstrates the successful execution of our naturals and health and wellness platforms and continued focus on innovation which drives our growth in initiatives. Turning to our financial performance. This quarter, we delivered very strong results due to many positive operating factors, which all move in tandem, including strong top line growth due to a high level of new wins in every single region; improvement in the base business; mix gains due to increased sales of products using our technologies and innovation; the positive impact of moderate decline in our input costs and the favorable impact of exiting low-margin sales activities. All of these factors resulted in expanded gross margin, which more than offset increased research, selling and administrative costs, which include additional labor costs consistent with our investment in new geographies. The strong volume growth, when combined with margin expansion due to changing mix in part due to the exit of low-margin sales activities and moderated input costs, resulted in a double-digit growth of 12% in our segment profit margin this quarter, or an increase of $9 million. Our operating margin expanded by 170 basis points to 24%. We are very pleased with our results and with our teams in all regions who successfully and skillfully worked to produce such good results. On a year-to-date basis, Flavors like-for-like sales growth is 7%, reflecting a strong growth in every single region. Our segment profit increased 8% to $123 million, while achieving segment profit margins of 23.7% or an increase of 120 basis points. Looking ahead, although it is still very early in this quarter, we expect to see continued broad-based momentum and deliver solid growth in the third quarter. I would now like to turn the call over to Kevin Berryman, our CFO.
Hernan Vaisman: Okay, Lauren, let me start with Flavors. And basically, we saw in this quarter, I mean, some growth in the base business. But the -- frankly, I mean, the big bulk of the growth was coming from the new wins. If I had to give you a kind of magnitude, I mean, I could say between 60% to 70% are coming from new wins, the rest was basically base business. In which areas we see growing base business? Again, in some way marginal for this quarter was basically in the emerging markets and in some markets in Europe. In the rest of the markets, I mean, basically, the big bulk of the growth came from new wins as we mentioned before.
Hernan Vaisman: Hernan, Lauren. Again, I mean it's difficult to mention. We are still in the process of scaling up as we mentioned in the last couple of calls. We believe that we will be finalizing this scaling-up process in this quarter. So if everything goes successfully, this is something that we have to wait. Probably we will see start commercializing the new products early next year.
Hernan Vaisman: Well, let me explain. Definitely, I don't know their business. I know what's the implication that they have alluded, the drop or the causes of the drop. In our particular case, we won really good business there. And then by winning this business, they give us, I mean, this kind of results. We see also a kind of slowdown in the economy in those countries. But again, it's not totally correlated with our result, as we are winning really business -- we are winning -- I mean definitely we will really outperform the market and we'll deliver this double-digit growth.
Hernan Vaisman: Lauren, this is a $50 million question, but let me try to answer. As I mentioned, I mean in -- earlier, I mean we have -- earlier, you have many, many of some main drivers of this in gross profit. I mean, it depends on each quarter, it could be changing. I mean, basically, what we see, to mention, is volume, mix, let's forget now for the point and timing comparison with the exit of low-margins. So definitely, you have some variables that you have to manage in each quarter that will be -- I mean, in some way, defining the financial profit. Having said all that, following what we did in the past really focusing on really most profitable categories, the mix is really helping and giving us really tailwinds in the gross margin. The high volumes in almost all markets will help. So to try to summarize, while you have several variables that can impact, I would say that we feel that this gross margin can be sustainable throughout the times.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Kevin, Hernan and Nicolas for the remarks. We are very pleased with our performance this quarter, which reflects our continued focus on execution of our 3-pillar strategy. Our success this quarter is the result of our innovation programs, which are creating value for our customers and investors. Looking forward, we expect to be able to deliver continued growth in the second half of the year noting that we are entering into a more challenging period on a comparable growth basis and that the environment still poses certain challenges. However, we remain focused on our strategic priorities and believe we have the right teams in place to continue to provide customers with superior customized products that deliver improved performance to consumers. Our perspective for 2013 remains in line with our long-term growth targets. We expect to deliver local currency growth in the range of 4% to 6% supported by continued new wins and volume growth in the developed and emerging markets. We expect to grow our operating profit in line with our long-term growth targets of 7% to 9% as we continue to stress efficiency in all that we do while exercising financial discipline. And finally, we are optimistic that we will be able to deliver 10% or higher earnings per share growth. In conclusion, we believe our strong performance at IFF this quarter is the result of strong execution of our strategy to leverage our geographic footprint, to strengthen our innovation platform and to maximize our portfolio. We believe we are well positioned in the market and we plan to continue to selectively invest in those areas where we see the most growth, whether in regions, countries or categories. Thank you for your participation. I will now open the call to questions.
Douglas D. Tough: And Jeff, I would just build on what Kevin was saying on innovation. There's been a litany of items which contributed to the margin improvement. And that -- and frankly, that is -- those elements have contributed more than obviously any pricing in the context of the cost of goods. Even the programs that Kevin has touched -- or that Nicolas touched about, our relationship with Amyris and the Evolva opportunity that Hernan mentioned in Flavors, both of those should be able to bring us cost advantages and hence, margin improvement. And coupled with the ongoing focus in R&D on new molecule development, which creates superior products, that's where we'll get the opportunity for margin enhancement because our customers are looking for those competitively advantaged projects -- products. I think there's a number of items, which are all going to contribute, and obviously with the ongoing pursuit of productivity improvements in the operations area. So there are a number of things. But I really don't think there's a precise answer to your question in terms of the basis point improvement other than we know we have to keep doing it.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Jennifer. It's been an interesting conversation today and thank you, all, for your participation. The theme that has kept emerging here are the strength of the business, both the top line but also the gross margin strength. And I think it's a really good reinforcement of the focus that we had on our Investor Day, where the innovation theme and the demonstration of innovation on a number of fronts was really what we wanted to convey as the basis on which we could drive the business. And I think it's reinforced in the numbers and the results. Thanks, everyone, for your participation and we'll look forward to talking with you again in 3 months in November. Thank you.
Mark S. Astrachan: Two quick questions. One on sales growth, just trying to get a sense of how to think about balance of year growth rate. So you're done lapping some of the exits of businesses in the Flavors business. So as you look to the 4% to 6% long-term targets, I guess that's a blend of like-for-like and local currency. So maybe help us a little bit with the exiting of the business negatively impacting the top line over the balance of the year. And then second question is just on cash uses, so you increased the dividend by more than the 10% or 10%-plus earnings target. Recently, you've committed now to buying back at least $50 million of stock for the year. Obviously, we can sort of read into it how we want. But sort of curious to your thoughts on what you're doing with the excess cash here, and what that potentially means as far as acquisition criteria or outlook and just sort of returning cash to shareholders on a longer-term basis.
Mark S. Astrachan: Sure. So first half sales growth, local currency, is a couple of points below the like-for-like number. So as we're now lapping the exit of the low-margin business, I'm getting -- I'm trying to get a sense of whether we should expect an acceleration in what is now local currency growth absent exiting that low-margin business, or just how to think about the sales growth progression through the year.
Mark S. Astrachan: Got it. And just going back to the Amyris payment, so should we think about that as a onetime item? Is it something that at some point will recur but only once in a while? Maybe some direction there would be helpful.
Kevin C. Berryman: Sure, Mark. This is Kevin. Let me make some preliminary comments and then I'll look to Nicolas and Hernan if they want to add any additional commentary. There was 2 things, I think, that were pointed out by both of the BU presidents. One was that the expectations on the Fragrance side of the business for the balance of the year starts to be looking up at some pretty strong comparables. And we do expect that, that will represent a higher level of challenge for the Fragrance business as we look to the balance of the year. I also think that on the Flavors side, we've been able and Hernan and his team have been able to put a pretty solid numbers on a like-for-like basis on an ongoing basis. And while that should, all else being equal, result in a slightly higher number for Flavors on a reported local currency sales basis, that momentum and overall needs to be done within the context of kind of how the environment is. So probably a continued positive picture on Flavors and with some developing challenges with Fragrance just because of the comparables that we're going to be facing. Q3 was actually pretty strong in Fragrance, but Q4 was very strong as you might recall. So I would say continued good solid in Flavors and with some developing challenges relative to the comparables on Fragrance.
Kevin C. Berryman: Jeff, this is Kevin. Let me take a stab at your question. Look, the gross margin that we've been able to experience, as we talked about in the prepared remarks, is really driven by a lot of things. And certainly, your perspective on the absolute level of the costs and the ability to drive cost savings into the portfolio of products certainly plays a role. The one piece though that I think is important to recognize within the context of the gross margin picture is certainly, to the extent that we're able to offer up innovation to our customers and it's adding value to their products, which are being provided to their consumers, is that affords us opportunities to have higher levels of margin as we embed technology into our business. So that in itself is positive. And if you think about how that ultimately shows up on the P&L, it oftentimes shows up on what we'll call mix because our business is changing over time to be a better margin as we incorporate innovation into the portfolio. So at the end of the day, the ability for us to continue to have the margin profile is really about the innovation and whether or not we're able to deliver things that our customers are excited about. I do think that longer term, some of the manufacturing savings are going to be in place, and there's benefits that we're expecting. But really nothing in 2013 because any benefits we're expecting in the back half of 2013 are likely to be offset by the ramping up of our large facility in China in Flavors. And so really, the expectation is that we're going to start to see those benefits probably leak-in in 2014 through the end of 2014. And this should be helpful in terms of reducing our cost structure.
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, basically, we're creating greater efficiencies for the infrastructure that we have in place. What we said, I would say, it's $10-plus million that you'll fully realize by the end of 2014. So in 2015, you should be able to see the $10-plus million dollars of savings, and that's kind of being layered in over the course of 2014. Jeff, in the back half of this year. Once again, any potential savings on Sweden and Indonesia really are getting offset by the ramp up costs associated with the China manufacturing facility in Flavors.
Kevin C. Berryman: Mark, this is Kevin. I'll take it real briefly on the Amyris. We're not going to disclose the payment. It was an amount that was worthy of calling out, otherwise we wouldn't have said it. But certainly, we consider that confidential, so we won't be providing additional color on that. As it relates to the input cost situation, we noted in Q2 that it was -- we saw some moderating levels of input cost. We still believe that the input cost picture for the full year is benign. And so we're feeling as if given where we are through first half and given the positions that we currently hold for the balance of the year, we're feeling pretty comfortable that it's going to be pretty stable.
Kevin C. Berryman: Typically, what ends up happening is oftentimes, our agreements with our third parties have certain milestone payments. And depending upon when those milestones are met, you could have incremental investments. And so yes, there can be ongoing expenses, but they will specifically be driven by the attainment of milestones.
Kevin C. Berryman: Lauren, just an additional comment. This is Kevin. The other thing that we do is certainly we are investing in the future in terms of R&D initiatives and other corporate, I would call them business development expenditures. So Hernan certainly rightfully talked about some of the success in driving innovation into the portfolio, which is helping the gross margin front. But we will look to continue to strengthen our potential innovation opportunities in the future, which always implies if we continue to see that success, it's not necessarily all going to drop to the bottom line. We will work to continue to build our capabilities in innovation for the future.
Kevin C. Berryman: First part of the question, Lauren, about the 4 metrics, it's local currency sales -- it's reported local currency sales. So we don't adjust it for like-for-like. It's the reported number on local currency sales that is important for us to drive the business forward. It's gross margin percentage. It's operating profit levels and working capital efficiencies. Those are the 4 metrics that we measure on an annual basis for our annual incentive program. However, we do have long-term plans that are in place as well. And to the extent that we continue to show very strong total shareholder returns, which we have been showing, we obviously have to accrue additional expenses associated with those given the continued strength in our share price. I think that the last piece relative to, kind of as we look to the balance of the year, yes, Q4, Q4 was a big accrual as we ended the strength -- the year very strong in Q4, which we've already talked about, especially in Fragrance. And so there certainly was a catch-up there in terms of accruals given the strong performance in that specific quarter last year. And so depending upon how we translate into the final numbers for this year, having said all of that, there could be some challenges in the comparable, which could put some pressure the other way in terms of nonoperating. The only other comment to make is we have to fund all additional incentive comp within the context of the operating profit. So we don't get paid by an operating profit before incentive comp, we get paid after the fact. So we -- to over-perform and start to pay versus the operating profit metrics, we have to fund our additional incentive comp.
