Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Mike, and thank you, all who have joined us today as close to tiptoe and legacy IFF and begin a new journey with N&B. We will begin by sharing a detailed look into all fourth quarter and the full year 2020 results, and then Rustom and I will highlight the go forward outlook and opportunity for the new IFF.  I'm really excited and proud to say that as of February 1, we have officially completed our merger with DuPont N&B. Our teams have hit the ground running, establishing our new company, as an innovation leader and the global value chain for consumer goods and commercial products. For the close of the N&B transaction, we also unveiled a new brand identity and purpose intended to unify our organization and best position all divisions for success. As a purpose driven enterprise, we share a mission to build from strengths and transform our industry. We are now squarely focused on execution. Building on recent performance to leverage the exciting capabilities and brought our customer base of our new company. I'm confident that the direction that we are moving and the opportunity ahead of us will lead to accelerated growth and improve profitability as we generate strong value creation and total shareholder return.  Beginning with Slide 6, I would like to recap what was truly a remarkable 2020. Amidst an unprecedented pandemic, the challenge to our global organization, we delivered solid financial results, while embarking on a transformational journey to create a new industry leader together with DuPont N&B. 
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Thank you, Mark. A very important question. I take the first piece and then I give it on the FX to Rustom. We are very confident that we are very much on track for the long-term targets. Let me explain why. You see that for example, Scent a very important division of ours has turned around quite significantly already in a very tough year, like 2020. And we see good signs also early this year that this journey will continue. So we are basically here on very much on track. The second one is taste. And taste has a bit of a performance issue in the years 2019 and then reaching into 2020. But we have seen some sequential improvement and a good start to 2021 as well. We have done all the actions we have to take to bring this division back on track. We have basically split the European region into Europe, Western Europe, Africa, Middle East to put more focus on the emerging markets and on the more mature markets. We have put a lot of, let’s say, focus on integration efforts of the Frutarom organization, particularly in Europe last year. So fully integrated and we have restructured our go-to-market strategy and it looks like that we are starting to perform well. So I think that’s very confident on the legacy IFF side. On N&B, I think it depends, you’ve seen a lot of pieces of the portfolio, which has a good growth profile, and we will continue and we should not underestimate that parts of the portfolio was also particular last year pressured by COVID. And that will help, at least in the second half of this year to come out of that. And secondly, we have – certainly, we have seen actually good customer response as well on their portfolio. And in terms of recent wins. On top of it, we have the cross selling and integrated solutions, which will help us to increase our growth rate as well. So we are very confident that we can do it. On the EBITDA margin, we took on legacy IFF. We took actions, we started, as I said, was Scent division or just on sales, but on EBITDA as well. We see good improvement. The same will happen on the taste side and actually I’m less worried about the N&B side, because there’s not actually a good EBITDA, let’s say increase of margins in the last couple of years. With that, that I hand it over to Rustom to comment on FX days.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Let’s talk about the food service first and thank you for the question. So food service in general, we’ll come back certainly over the course of 2021 following up to the level of 2019, that we will achieve next year. But we have seen actually a better start into January was down high single digit, which was much better than we have seen in the last year. I think that’s good despite the lockdowns in Europe. So it was driven by many of the other regions as well. What was impacting a taste in general was probably also the customer structure, because we had probably more, smaller customers and mid-sized customers compared to some of the competitors. But we see no good recovery and a better pipeline of new projects coming in. And as we said, actually, the start into 2021 was very, very promising. I hope that helps.
Andreas Fibig: Yes, no, absolutely. And as we see it for now, we triangulate that we are gaining market share here. And that has two effects. One is, as you touched on, it is certainly a COVID volume effect on personal wash and hygiene products, which we are taking fully and which is helping us to fill the growth. But we have made three new core wins, maybe year and half ago and these core wins, we are winning and growing our business quite significantly, double-digit, in these three year counts. And this has now a critical mass that it gives us some tailwind into 2021. So now the question is, will it stay a very strong business over the course of the year? And what we see right now? Yes, it will. We have started year-to-year very well as well. So we believe we will have good growth in 2022 as well on the consumer fragrance business, driven by the demand volume demand, but also by  that’s very, very promising.
Andreas Fibig: Very good. Thank you, Faiza. First of all, when we started actually laying out or looking at our strategy in 2015, I think what went well, we had a very clear strategy, because the environment is changing or was changing. So we had different customer demands, maybe more integrated solutions, more demands for naturals. We have seen that the smaller customers have taking a bigger share, and that adjacencies play a role, not just for integrated solutions, but in general to move the business forward.  So I believe our strategy was very clear that that worked out very, very, very well. And that has led to achieve when we look at the company back in 2014, it was slightly grow of $3 billion in sales with the limited offering that point in time, and now we're in an $11 billion company with a very broad offering. And in many instances, we are number one or number two in the defined categories.  I think so our strategy and our response to the changing market was very, very good. We have basically positioned ourselves really to deliver very significant growth over the years to come. If you look at things, which might have gone better, we can touch on food or my – I think what went well is it was strategically the right move. We have good synergies on the cost side. I would say top line was challenged for many reasons. I think we learned our lesson on compliance certainly. And we probably could have integrated faster the European organization, which has done right now. I think that was important. And then in between, we certainly had the crisis in Scent we supply, and we have to turn around the business and I think that worked out very well. So in balance, I think the right strategy, the right moves, on the food side, I think some areas on the top line where some of it is compliance, let's say related, but we fixed it. I think we – and we fixed it fast, maybe faster than others would have done it. And we finally have integrated the commercial structure here as well.  So that's all what look at the next – at the last five years, and I think we are tremendously good positioned for the next couple of years right now. And I can promise you there are certainly no big acquisitions coming in the next couple of years. It's all focused about execution and shareholder value. That's very clear, because we have everything we need.
Andreas Fibig: I can take the customer piece first and then maybe Rustom you take the first part of it. So we had some customer relationships, but very, very little. The other flavors and fragrance companies had some business with legacy DuPont, because legacy DuPont was buying some flavors as well, but to a very, very limited demand. I think that's not another big movement, but Rustom if you could take the first piece of Jeff’s question, please.
Andreas Fibig: Let me Lauren I take the second piece and then I handed over to Rustom on the first piece. So listen, the revenue target and we were discussing it internally a lot. The issue right now for us is in this COVID period, we have certainly for 2021, let's say time for a slower start, because as Rustom said for the first half of the year, it's still a COVID time was a lockdown in Europe. So we take it a bit more carefully before we go full force.  We believe that the market grows will be impacted this year, in particularly the first six months. So that makes – make certain the on, let's say for a slower start. But looking further, we are actually pretty bullish, because if you take the average 4% to 5% for the following years, we had 5% and that's actually is for the two combined companies quite a nice and good target to go. And it's certainly above the average, both organizations that have done in the last two or three years.  So I feel good about it. And certainly it is the focus of the execution are very, let's say, very good exposure to some of the growth markets. And then certainly the cross selling opportunities, we are having and integrated solution, as you were mentioning, we are changing a bit the business model, yes. So that's how we see it, but more to come look at the end of the day, in these volatile times, we have to move forward into a debt as fast as we can. Rustom, if you can take the first piece of the question long-term target. 
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Thank you for the good question. We know we have a big line still for questions. We will continue with our one-on-ones was really good to talk to all of you and yes, more to come over the next couple of weeks and months. Thank you for that. Bye-bye. Thank you. 
Rustom Jilla: Thank you, Andreas. I’d only cover the P&L high points on this slide and get into additional detail as we go through the following several slides. In the fourth quarter, IFF generated $1.3 billion in sales, down 2% year-over-year on a currency neutral basis. When excluding the roughly $50 million impact of 2019s 53rd week, a comparable currency neutral growth was plus 2%. And as I'll explain on the next slide up approximately 4% counting foreign exchange related price changes as appears in many CPGs disclose.
Rustom Jilla: The underlying – the pricing, I mean, we do expect the raw material costs during the period. I mean, higher raw material costs and recovery of that is based into our pricing as well. So maybe I’ll address the FX part of it. I mean, if you think about, weighted average basket of our currencies, and we look at the biggest currencies for us the U.S. dollar is the biggest, but the Euro/Danish krona, because that’s pretty much tied to the Euro. That’s the second biggest. It’s actually, when you put in the Danish krona, it’s about 27%. Okay. Those are the two big ones. And then the other is, I mean, the Reals and of the Japanese Yen, the Indian rupee or many others, right. If we look to the weighted basket of those and if we look at the – what is in our basic budget this year was 2020 – 2021 versus 2020, it was about a 1% difference. That’s what we had. And then if you look at spot today, it’s actually running better than that from our perspective from revenue. So our expected 2021 growth rate remains about 3.5%. That’s what we put out there, right? With a small contribution from synergies and no change to the S-4  and as you’ve seen from our January 2021 preliminary sales growth around 3%, we’ve started, we’ve started roughly in line with expectations.
Rustom Jilla: First top of the year, we resumed that the – we would remain more or less the same broad macro impact on us. That’s on fine fragrance, food, et cetera – food service, et cetera, as the second part of last year of 2020. And we expect that we recover to the second half should be better.
Rustom Jilla: Sure. It's roughly about 20% as we're getting to the numbers of N&Bs business was also impacted by COVID, Jeff. And it varied the impacts on different areas with biorefineries, microbials, food service, they raised a little bit, but that brought 15% reduction number. I would think at this point, I'd say it's in the ballpark. 
Rustom Jilla: Yes. On the tax rates, I mean look, we've got a sense of how and what the taxes are, the one more time before we come out with that, right. Tax rates because remember DuPont N&B is a carve out. It's a carve out coming out of DuPont and so a whole lot of entities set up at numbers and work to be done. Their tax rate is definitely higher than our tax rate, which was in the year, it was 17.5% rate effective tax rate DuPont’s is higher. We’ll come back with more details there on that. Regarding the – your questions on the EPS, we actually focused on EBITDA more as the metric that we'd like to think gives us all the best from our owner's perspective, gives us the most clearest, most transparent ways of looking at it, sales and EBITDA performance on the business. And because we haven't actually provided guidance on EBITDA for the first quarter, I'd rather not sort of answer the – how the ask breakout, if you don't mind.
Rustom Jilla: No change at all from what was in our S-4 that we had out there as it was like in the high 400s, 465, I think 470, somewhere about there. We have – we expected specifically $235 million from the N&B side and $230 million from ours. Sorry, missed, I forgot that one.
Rustom Jilla: Yes. Lauren, we set our long-term targets in dollars and using effects assumptions back at the time if you said that, right, actual dollars. So the methodology that we use doesn't actually change. So if the exact same situation applied over the last couple of years, our revenue dollars wouldn't have been any different, but the currency neutral growth would have been higher, right. Having said that, this is kind of interesting, if you took this morning's spot rates and assume that they extrapolated out for the entire year. I mean they are a couple of percent higher than that weighted average that we talked about earlier to answer the earlier question, right, that maybe up a percent on the prior year. So you have another couple of percent, and that would translate out into reported group, for sure, the actual reported dollar numbers would be higher, but I mean, you wouldn't see the currency neutral percentages coming off. So it's a complex kind of way of looking at it. But the bigger point, if you're looking about the way we came up with the actual numbers back then, and this is the – I just want to reinforce that. We had in the out years of our business growth from the base business without synergies and anything like that, growing at 3.5% to 4%, and that we think is realistic based on our Scent and Taste business, right. If I go back to that and the N&B business was in that ballpark as well. Okay, we think that's realistic going through those numbers. You put in the synergies, which are like $140 million in 2022 revenue and $300 million in 2023 our expectation and that's how you get up to the 5% that number is out there.
Rustom Jilla: Bottom line actually is growing faster. If you looked at our full year number in Scent, you will find that it's a ballpark. The full year number for us is ballpark about 3% on revenue growth, right, the way you see where it goes and much that's on profit. If you look at the – if you look at Scent in the quarter, we had and/or even quarter three for that matter, we've had very large increases coming through on that.  So we are seeing that. We have the – I think what you're factoring in, and this is an important point is on a full-year basis and also particularly in the fourth quarter, we had a large increase from AIP, right. We had a AIP going up quite a annual incentive plan, because 2019 was so bad, that there was a credit in 2019 in the fourth quarter whereas this time there were costs put in that, that I think from memory was around $27 million just to swing. I think that…
Rustom Jilla: The other thing there is numbers is in the year is COVID. I mean COVID costs, not COVID the impact on revenue, which we've talked about at noseeum, but COVID the impact on cost. I mean the extra air freight costs, the extra sea freight costs, the extra personal protective equipment for our people, the working different ships, the paying extra compensation by the time you factor all of those in it's probably about 20 – it was around $26 million of extra cost in the year as well. 
