Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Rustom. Now, as we consider what the remainder of 2020 will look like for IFF, we're doing our best to anticipate performance in a global environment that remains quite volatile and unpredictable. We are actively evaluating evolving global market dynamics and regulatory conditions to understand and anticipate how these factors will impact our business performance, our people, and our customers. We are proud to supply solutions and ingredients for essential products in the food, beverage, hygiene and disinfection product categories, especially as these drive 85% of our current portfolio. As Rustom has stated earlier, our July sales performance has improved, growing in low-single digits. Consumer Fragrance continues to grow double digits and we are seeing a double-digit trend in Cosmetic Actives. Fragrance Ingredients had also improved as restriction eased, growing mid-single digits in July. In Taste, growth in Flavors in North America led by Tastepoint is more than offsetting pressure in Latin America. And we are seeing robust double-digit growth in health-oriented products, as well as an improvement in natural colors. We do, however, anticipate that Fine Fragrances and Food Services will remain impacted by market pressures in the second half of the year, but expect improving trends versus what we experienced in Q2. A good example of this is that our gelato ingredients, a category severely impacted by COVID-19 in the second quarter is now up low-single digits to-date in the third quarter. As we enter the second half of 2020, we will continue to effectively manage our business by taking actions to generate strong cash flow by targeting reductions in operational and capital expenses. With the positive signs of improvement in our performance that we are beginning to see in the third quarter, we remain cautiously optimistic that we will see further market improvements in the quarter and beyond. Turn to slide 17, I'm very pleased to share with you now an update on where we stand with the integration planning of our previously announced merger agreement with DuPont N&B. We made a lot of headway in the first half of 2020, reaching key milestones like clearance in the US, China, Colombia, Ukraine, and Serbia, regulatory processes and announcing our combined company's progress vision, operating model, and leadership team. We are well on our way to establishing the foundation and framework that will be essential to achieving the potential of this exciting combination. More recently, in July, we filed definitive proxy and set the date for our special shareholders' meeting in connection with the merger which will occur later this month on August 27. We expect to earn our shareholder support for this exciting combination in the coming weeks, and remain on track to completing our transaction and uniting our organization in the first quarter of 2021. In summary, I'm proud to say that IFF has stayed resilient through the first half of 2020 amid the unprecedented circumstances of COVID-19. We have achieved solid financial performance, while delivering for our 30,000-plus customers globally and executing on the integration processes for Frutarom and N&B. As we have said before, IFF plays a central role in the global CPG supply chain as a vital partner to world renowned brands, regional leaders and new innovators alike. Our position across end markets, customers with our global reach has created a real resiliency in our business that shines through these difficult times. With Frutarom, we are realizing the significant potential that our enhanced capabilities and expanded customer base will have for the IFF's long-term growth. Similarly, we look forward to joining forces with DuPont N&B and have made significant advancements in our integration planning and paths to regulatory and shareholder approval. I am deeply grateful to our employees across the globe, whose commitment and dedication to IFF and our customers has been unwavering. We have started to see improvements in our performance in July and remain cautiously optimistic about how this may translate into financial performance in the second half of 2020. IFF and our balanced portfolio remain well equipped to adapt and succeed in this unpredictable global environment. With that, I would now like to open the call for questions.
Andreas Fibig: Sure. Thank you, Mark, for the question. I'll take it. As you alluded, certainly, it's good to take the FX reported numbers and compare apple-to-apples. I think that's number one. Number two I would say, we should judge our performance beyond just one quarter and should look at multiple quarters. And if you see, for example, in the first quarter, we led our industry in growth. I think that's a topic. The second one is, if you look at Q2, the emerging markets were pretty much under pressure. And you see that we are a bit over-indexed in the emerging markets. For example, India, we're a market leader in India with our Taste business, for example. That was actually a pretty bad hit on that business, which is, by the way, rebounding. And then we are – certainly, we're winning some smaller customers, which plays a role here as well. Fundamentally, I believe both will help us with our long-term growth, the smaller customers and the emerging market as well, as soon as we see the COVID pressures are easing. And if you look at July, I expect, actually, that the third quarter already will be – will look much different than the second quarter. That's what we have seen in our numbers for July. I think Rustom has shown it in his slide. We see it, in particular, in some of these areas where we have a good and strong performance on Consumer Fragrances, for example. You see that categories like home care or personal wash are really up in very, very high single digits. We believe that's a trend to stay. So, hygiene products will stay even after the, let's say, acute COVID crisis, quite as strong. We see a good rebound already in Fine Fragrances, so not as bad as we have seen it before. And the same holds true actually for Food Service. I just looked it up. April was our worst number and Food Service was down by 44.1%; in July, it's down by minus 7.7%. Just to tell you that the weak spots I think are improving, and the strong pieces of the portfolio are staying strong and helping us to grow our business going forward, which will help us with our mix going forward in the third quarter as well. I hope that helps, Mark.
Andreas Fibig: Look, on inventory levels of the customers, it's tough to comment on, because we see huge differences from customer-to-customer, from region-to-region, and category-to-category. That's a big difference. I would say July is better for us because some of the categories which were hard hit in the second quarter, like Food Service, are improving better. That's certainly helping and that some of the emerging markets like India, for example, are performing much, much better. In July, we have actually a double-digit growth going forward and that helped us a lot. Why June had a little bit of a dip even compared to May? If I look at our daily sales, it's not so much. I think it's a comparable. I would not take this too – I think it depends also on the order pattern and what we see right now, as I said, July pretty strong for us and the order book for the third quarter is up mid-single to high-single digits as well. So, I believe that the trend will continue. So, it's a bit of phasing in there as well. But, Rustom, you please or Mike, you please comment.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. And absolutely, and I would say on the cost savings, we're really on both parts, on the sales savings or synergy certainly as well. We have pretty robust plans in place. I just give you two numbers. We certainly have for the cost savings internally a higher number, which we are working towards. And secondly, we have started with, I think, 400 projects, which could help us with the sales synergies. We narrowed it down to around 100, to make sure that we really focus on the most important ones. And I would say these are really good and robust plans we have in place. And we still have a couple of months until day one. And – but it gives us a good feel because in some areas, as Rustom said, it's robust and we are probably even ahead of plan, which is great.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. Sure. So, we see actually a good rebound in our China business, that's for sure. But we have to say that it's not just China, we saw, for example, in July already, actually, a very strong performance of our Consumer Fragrance business in India. Actually, it might just because we looked at the numbers, it was more than 40% for July, which was kind of amazing. But it is because we had a couple of good wins and it's going very well. And we have actually a quite significant and good performance in Latin America as well, believe it or not. So, it's not just China, it is also on the Consumer Fragrance side, some of the emerging markets. Not all of them, but some of the emerging markets are actually performing better than we have expected as well. But maybe, Rustom, you give even more details.
Andreas Fibig: What might be interesting, John, for you and for all the colleagues on the phone as well, what we try, because in this very volatile environment, we have doubled down on our consumer insights' studies, and we look certainly how the Consumer looks like during COVID and what can we expect after COVID. And we have never drawn down on three scenes which we're sharing with our customers as well; it's health, home, and hygiene. So, we believe that in some of the areas, like, for example, hygiene and we see it in our Scent products we are selling there, this is a trend which will stay even post-COVID. And as I said, our home care in July, category is up by 27% and personal wash by plus-16%, just to show you what the impact on the business is because these products are so much in demand. On the other hand, it's the home area. We believe that this cocooning at home will stay at least for a couple of months through the winter. So, culinary, everything which is culinary products for home cooking will stay up. We believe that malodor control is an important one. And on the health side, we see that all of our health ingredients, most of them we got through Frutarom, are very much in high demand, that the modulation of sweet is in high demand because governments are again starting to double down on sugar and products. So what I tried to say here is, that we have looked at the consumer insights quite carefully and we are basically now looking how we can orient our organization towards these trends where we believe they will stay for a while to make sure that we get more than a fair share of growth out of these categories. So that's what we're doing, just to give you a bit of a bigger picture and an outlook beyond the third quarter.
Andreas Fibig: We expect actually in the August-September timeframe the ruling. We were going back and forth with them to answer the questions before the summer break. And I think in the next couple of weeks, we should get the clearance in Europe. That's what our lawyers are telling us. So I think we should be on track. Whether we can make it before the shareholder vote, I'm not 100% sure, but early September will be my best guess right now.
Andreas Fibig: Look, for the meals at home, actually, we are pretty well positioned with our Savory Solutions business because we have an extra culinary area, which we're using for that area. We certainly would look and double down what we can develop here. So, I think that's an important aspect. So, I think it – I wouldn't say it would benefit us more, but it would be certainly very manageable for us as well. On QSR and retail restaurants, we have almost a similar mix. I think that's an important one. And what we see is that some of the quick service restaurants are really coming back now, which is good and it's helping us on the Food Service area as well. But, Rustom, you may comment if you have any more insights.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Thank you very much for your time. And these are very exciting times. I hope we gave you good insights on how we see the business, even beyond the second quarter. And we are looking forward to the one-on-ones. Thank you very much. Take care and stay healthy.
Rustom F. Jilla: No. I agree, Andreas. I would just – you've seen the phasing, you've seen the average daily sales. There's no deceleration in the numbers. And then coming through into July, I mean, you've seen a very nice – we've seen a very nice in comparative terms pickup in areas that were like Fine Fragrances where – compared to where they were going through May, and then June, and where July is, and then Food Service, as Andreas said. So, nothing, but reiterating what he said really there.
Rustom F. Jilla: Yes. Absolutely, I'd love to Andreas. We're – and good morning. We are also – in a very detailed way on the synergies, on the sales synergies, we have teams from within the project from the IMO, the integration team working with our business unit people and specifically identifying opportunities to have revenue synergies and what pre-work needs to be done as much as possible. Now, obviously, we can't work together with the N&B people, but we can plan together at this point in time. And so, we are trying to do that. Likewise, on the costs, I mean, I can sort of put on a functional hat for a second. I mean, we are looking at our structure, looking at their structure, looking at our systems, looking at their systems, and basically in a very methodical way going through and trying to identify opportunities to optimize the business and make it stronger and get greater revenue growth without cost and also areas where there's duplication of costs that we can take out. So, just a bit more detail, but it's moving. We want to basically hit the ground running.
Rustom F. Jilla: Sure. So, the emerging markets, there's – John, there's variation between the emerging markets rather than treating them as a particular group, right. India has been the outlier in terms of underperformance. But we have also had an impact in Latin America, in Brazil, and where we have switching from Consumer from – into Fine, where we have a significant market over there that we have seen come off. We don't really think that what's going on in emerging markets is necessarily predictive of what the future is going to be. I mean, it's just as you look at different countries, country-by-country on where they are in terms of the – on the curve of handling COVID is really what we're seeing in terms of Consumer, Food Service, Fine, I mean, all the areas basically.
Rustom F. Jilla: And I didn't answer the specific question by the way. The emerging market is actually mid-single digit. Just to put it in context. So not negative or anything like that, but not as strong as the developed markets, which were obviously much higher to get us to the average.
Rustom F. Jilla: No. I mean, we'll continue to work on cash flows. So, let me sort of just break up the components, right? I mean, first of all, on our CapEx, I mean, we've been very focused on our CapEx, very early literally from probably February or so. And we set ourselves the target of spending roughly about 10% less on our CapEx for the year than our budget. And we're running even below that, by the way, at this point in time, but that will continue. That's the CapEx, right? We're watching our cash expenses, in general, across the board. And some things are obvious and you'll see that like some things benefit EBITDA, like travel, which will keep coming through. But the other biggest one is working capital. And on our working capital, if you remember what we said even a few months ago, we deliberately moved to build up our inventories so as to avoid customer disruption. I mean, because the two things we tried to do is keep our people safe and avoid disrupting our customers, right? And so far, we've managed to do both. Inventory, we – inventory actually, because of lags in actually receiving it, we were actually a little bit better in Q1 than we expected, a little bit worse in Q2. We do expect that to start to come down now gradually as we go through Q3 and Q4 as we have built it up, right? On our DSO, which is the other big area where we flagged that we were expecting an increase, we actually did particularly well in terms of – compared to where we expected to be. And that was just, say, a lot of focused management from the teams. And that should continue and we would hope as the broad economic situation abates and things get a little bit better, we'd hope to do well on that, too. And then the last component of it was just payables. I mean, we managed that very tightly, in terms of making – sometimes accelerating payments and there's smaller suppliers that we want to keep afloat. And other times, just managing it very tightly, like you'd expect from any company of our size.
Rustom F. Jilla: Yeah. Look, the differences, I would say, are, probably, with the customers. If you look at many of our big Fine Fragrance customers, you see even worse performance than the minus 20%, 25% and that's what's driving it. Because the win rate in our Fine Fragrance business is still pretty good. We see also a good influx of new projects coming. And, as we said, the start into the third quarter was actually pretty encouraging, what we have seen for Fine Fragrances. So, I would say the main differences is the customer structure and how much the customers are selling of their actual products. But I actually expect that this will normalize over the course of the year, because in general, I think our win rate in that area is a very, very good one. And we will see the – and just the – the most important season is right before the holidays, that's where we sell most of our Fine Fragrances. So, end of third quarter, early fourth quarter is actually – that's where you win the year. And that's what we have to watch and I hope when we have the third quarter announcement, that we can give you more news on that one as well. I hope that helps.
Rustom F. Jilla: In general, our North American business has held up relatively well. I mean, we have seen – if you look at Taste and you look at some of the performance that we've had there, we haven't really seen any big disappointments. We did have the impact in Fine, specifically in North America and Europe. And that could be coloring part of our numbers there because that's where our large global customers are concentrated, right. And in terms of our Consumer business, our Consumer business did well across the board. I mean, in developed markets and I don't have the North American number in my fingertips, but if you look at developed markets, it was in the high-teens, the growth in Q2, Consumer specifically. So, I mean... (52:52)
Rustom F. Jilla: Yes. Thank you. And we talked a fair amount about Scent earlier on and maybe a little bit of color on our Taste categories, right? If you look at Flavors and if you exclude the impact of India, which we have covered in Food Service, right, the big negative, all our other businesses grew at around 2.5%, and that was mainly due to an increase in North America and Greater Asia, driven by strong commercial performance there and some decrease in EMEA in EAME, due to some postponed new wins, and then of course Latin America, where you have the big negative because of COVID. Savory was another strong quarter, I mean, comparatively. I mean, the in-home consumption channels were up like over 5%, call it, mid-single digits. And again, strong performance in North America and Great Asia offset by some weakness in EMEA and that was due to Food Service because we have a lot of small Food Service customers in EMEA. And then inclusions, I mean, obviously impacted a lot by COVID, but this – as Andreas said, I mean, with gelato coming back quite strongly with what we are going there since – in the last several weeks. And finally, MPS, mixed performance in there. The health aspects of it is extremely strong. And then in some of other food protection areas, there have been some delayed launches and stuff like that. So, all in all, I mean, that just gives a bit of additional color that we didn't share earlier.
Rustom F. Jilla: No. I mean, it's a mix of those two. I mean, we're actually seeing the restaurants coming back as well too, if you looked at our most recent Food Service numbers. But apart from that, the quick service is clearly coming back faster.
