Erik Fyrwald: Thank you, Glenn. I'm truly excited to be joining IFF during this transformative time for the company. I have long admired IFF as the category-defining leader in the industry, and it's an honor to be able to work alongside our talented global teams to help us navigate and even thrive at a critical moment for our company and our industry. Through robust efforts from our teams worldwide and shared commitment to putting the customer at the center of all we do, IFF will continue strengthening our commercial execution and become a more nimble and efficient organization. Our global teams made progress towards ensuring we can meet the evolving needs of our customers and deliver industry-competitive returns, and we will accelerate the progress going forward. While 2023 was a challenging year, our financial results in the fourth quarter highlight an improving trend. Based on this performance and some improving market conditions, we are expecting a return to volume growth this year, which should enable EBITDA growth and margin expansion. Our updated dividend policy and the additional divestitures we continue to work on reflects our commitment to improve our capital structure. While the global economic landscape is uncertain, IFF will be focused on strengthening our execution, and as I said, we have work to do to improve our businesses and achieve our vision, but I am confident we are well-positioned to build on our progress and create sustainable value for all stakeholders in 2024 and beyond. I'd like to thank our teams and partners for welcoming me to IFF and look forward to seeing what we'll achieve in 2024. With that, I'd like to now open the call for questions.
Erik Fyrwald: So this is Erik. First of all, I wasn't here a year ago, obviously, but I did arrive on February 6th, looked at our entire situation, talked to Glenn and his team, talked to the board, and made the decision to go ahead and cut the dividend now. I think it's a wise move in terms of our overall balance sheet efforts to get our balance sheet in great shape, and it doesn't impact the divestment timing or strategy. We continue to work on our portfolio optimization, but obviously we're focused even more on working on strengthening the businesses, increasing our earnings and cash flow.
Erik Fyrwald: Thank you, Lisa. And I'll take the first part of that question. I've looked very hard at the data over the last five years, and clearly we have underperformed, as all of you know. We have pockets of strength, scent as an example I mentioned in the opening comments, but we have some businesses that are challenged, like food ingredients. What I can tell you is we're going to have each business be very clear on what is their strategy to win. How are they going to delight their customer set and make sure that we profitably grow our market share? How are we going to make sure that we have our innovation targeted and needs the customer's value? And how are we going to make sure we're driving productivity? So each of the business end-to-end, how do we drive the businesses? And as you know, we've got strong businesses in great markets, like our flavors and our fragrances or scent business, terrific businesses that should be able to fully compete with margins and growth rates with Givaudan and others. We've got a strong business unit in Health & Biosciences in great markets, and we should be able to fully compete with margins and growth against Novonesis. In our challenged businesses, we've got very good markets in food ingredients and protein solutions, and we should be able to be fully competitive with Kerry and other food ingredient players. And we've got a very good business and very good markets with pharmaceutical ingredients, and we need to be fully competitive with our ingredients set there, Ashland and others. So, we have not performed as a company, across the company in the last five years like we should. In the next five years, we'll get back on track.
Erik Fyrwald: Thanks, John. And let me start with the first one. The makeup of our functional ingredients business is better than what it was when I had responsibility for that as part of agriculture and nutrition back at DuPont a number of years ago. So I believe our potential is significantly higher than it was then. I think that it's in a very good market. I think we've underperformed. And I think we've underperformed because we've been too internally focused. We've had lots of consultants. We've had lots of advisors talking about helping us to figure out what to do around synergies. And what I can tell you is, I've been in these businesses for many, many years, these types of businesses. The goal was not synergy. Synergy is a tool. The goal is to have a very clear strategy for our functional ingredients business. How are we going to profitably grow our market share with customers by delighting the customers with our solutions approach, with our innovation, and then do that in a productive way with our assets and our functions, very productive. We have the potential to significantly improve the performance of this business. I've spent time with our business leaders. I think they're headed in the right direction and we're going to further accelerate the progress and make sure that we profitably grow our food ingredients business and fully compete with our competitors, the leading competitors in food ingredients, because we have so much value to bring customers. If we do it right, when we do it right, we'll have a very good business. And then, in terms of the organization structure, no decisions today, but what I will tell you is I'm a big fan of business units that have end-to-end accountability and responsibility to drive all the levers of the P&L, making sure that everything we do is to delight customers, profitably grow our market share, but do it in a way that's efficient and effective so each business unit can win. And I find when business units are winning, all of a sudden synergies become clearer and become more powerful and easier to access. So we're going to ensure that our businesses are on the right track and that our synergies are additive to further strengthen each of our businesses.
Erik Fyrwald: Now, on your second question, Laurence, my initial impressions of IFF's capabilities are we've got really great people. We've got really great capabilities in each of our businesses, and we have just under-performed. But there are pockets of examples where we are performing tremendously well that give me so much confidence that we can make this happen across the company. I spent time with the leadership of arguably the largest consumer products company in the world, where we have a very strong relationship, very much innovation-driven, their innovation people to make sure that the best consumer products are being developed. And we were meeting both with our scent teams and their fragrance team, and with our Health & Biosciences team and their consumer products teams. And it was the best relationship, the best dynamic that I've ever experienced in my 42 years of customer interactions. And then I had another interaction with the top management of a leading beauty care company in Europe. And same thing, our people were working hand in glove with their people to create great, great consumer products that consumers love. So we can do it. We do it. We just need to do it more across the company. And I'm really excited by helping our teams, stop being so internally focused, get more focused by business unit on winning with customers, and then collaborate where it makes sense to enhance across our portfolio, to bring even more to customers so that the customers win more and we win more. Now in terms of productivity, as Glenn mentioned, their pocket's there where we're doing very well, but there's more we can do on productivity. Ralf Finzel and his production team are really driving tremendous productivity in our operations, and it's still early phase, but they're ramping that up very nicely. We've already had efforts in back office productivity for our corporate functions. That's going okay, but we're going to accelerate that. You'll see more shared service centers and more activity with IT systems to make sure that we're effective serving the businesses and very efficient. So I love what I see. There's so much excellence here, but we've got to get it across the company, and we will.
Erik Fyrwald: Thank you, Adam. I'll start, and then Glenn can add on. First of all, I fully am aligned with and agree with a target of three times net leverage debt as a target to get to. I think the year end '24, I'd like to see us get there by the end of '24, but we're not going to do something stupid that destroys significant value to get there in '24, but I can tell you we're going to make very good progress at least towards that goal in '24. In terms of high return growth investments alluded to, I'll just reinforce that flavors and fragrances, we call it scent, and health & biosciences are strong business units in great markets. I've been in many chemistry and biological markets. These are great markets, and we're going to invest in them to win.
Erik Fyrwald: Well, thanks, Mike. And I'll start with the functional ingredients question. First of all, I like the functional ingredients business. It is a very good business with lots of opportunity to bring value to customers. And by having multiple elements of the solution set, you can bring value in terms of helping customers achieve their goals and what food products they want to have to delight customers, delight consumers. So I think what we really have to do here is, and the team is working on this, is make sure that we're clear on what is our strategy, how are we going to create value in this business, how are we going to make sure that we're focused on the right consumers, excuse me, the right customers in the right way, profitably growing our market share, and how do we make sure that our assets are very competitive, that our costs are very competitive, that we're driving productivity so that we can be competitive with our product portfolio both in terms of the value we bring and the costs to deliver that value. And then we're spending money on innovation. We've got lots of great innovation. Make sure that innovation is tied to real customer needs that they're willing to pay for that can be part of the solution set. And I think that we've taken our eye off the ball, as I said before, too much internal focus, listening to too many consultants going all different directions. We get clear what we're trying to do, what the goals are, and execute well against those goals. This business will significantly improve in 2024 and beyond.
Erik Fyrwald: Okay. Thank you. I'll start by saying that I believe that the historical IFF plus the DuPont nutrition and biosciences business are stronger together than they were separately. The potential, the opportunity is greater than it was separately. So I believe in that combination very strongly. Now, as I said before, we haven't executed it well, and I've seen this happen before. When I got to Syngenta almost eight years ago, the seeds in the crop protection businesses had been mushed together, and the focus was on synergies versus having a great crop protection business and a great seeds business. We made clear that we were going to have those two businesses as business units, end-to-end business units. And as soon as we did that, we found out that we had been losing share, losing margin versus the competition. We started regaining that, and by the way, when the business units were clearing what they were trying to do, the synergies grew a lot because there were synergies. I see the same thing here at IFF as we're really good at flavors, at fragrances or scents, at health & biosciences, at food ingredients, those businesses, when they're performing well the synergies will increase, not decrease. The ability to help each other, the different businesses to help each other, to help customers more together will increase, but we've got to get the businesses performing extremely well by themselves and not have synergy of the goal, have synergy of tools. When we do that, I can assure you that the combination will be very strong.
Erik Fyrwald: The only thing I would add is that even in the 75%, there is significant improvement opportunity, and we've got businesses that are looking at that, and we're going to work with those businesses to support them, both for the businesses to win more and for the corporate cost overheads to be lower and more effective at supporting the businesses. So there is great opportunity, of course, in food ingredients to turn it around, but even the rest of the company to significantly improve performance, and we're going to do it.
Erik Fyrwald: I'll start, and I think our R&D spend is significant today. I think if you look at what we spend, it's very competitive versus the industry leaders, other industry leaders, but I do think we can focus it better, connect it better to the business units and to customers, and ensure that the R&D efforts are fully aligned with the highest value needs that our customers have. So I think we can get more out of the R&D spend that we have, and where there are areas that we need to spend more R&D, particularly in health &biosciences and flavors and fragrances, we will spend more on R&D. On capital expenditures, I feel similarly that the level of capital expenditures are reasonable, but we have to look at where we're spending it and make sure that it's optimized and we're spending the capital in places that have significant returns, have very good returns, and strengthen the businesses where we need to win.
Erik Fyrwald: Great. Well, thank you for joining the call this morning. Again, I just want to finish by saying that I'm thrilled to be at IFF. We've got a tremendous team at IFF. We've got great capabilities. We haven't performed to our potential in the past, but I can tell you we're all completely committed to making sure that we unleash the full potential of our businesses and drive the right kind of synergies that enhance each of the businesses, and make customers very pleased, delighted with what we bring in our innovation. And by doing that, possibly grow our market share and through their productivity efforts, make sure we do that with leading margins. Thank you.
Glenn Richter: Sure. Yes, good morning, Ghansham. Easily done and a frequently asked question. So if you'll indulge me, I'll start with last year's results at 1980. There are two adjustments to get that to a normalized basis. One is the divestitures, which you're aware of. It's a half a year of savory solutions in FSI, and the LMC will be closed at the end of the quarter, so it's roughly three-quarters of LMC. That's roughly $78 million of normalized impact. And the other factor, which is the same, basically, we had discussed before, we also have included our updated view of foreign exchange, that's $50 million reduction. I'm not sure that was previously discussed from a standpoint. So that gets to a like-for-like base of $18.50. Our volume mix impact for this year is forecasted to be $170 million positive. That is inclusive of the $130 million of positive overlap on absorption. As we noted on our call, that actually came down as the fourth quarter volumes were higher from a production standpoint, so that was slightly different than we had guided. Our net price for the year is basically is zero. That is inclusive of the $44 million of LBK, so that's netted in that number. We can certainly talk more about the pricing dynamics this year. Then we have about a $35 million reset for AIP, so that's a negative, but that's better than we thought. We thought that would be in the 70 range from the standpoint. So I think all of the one-timers being absorption slightly lower, the negative reset on AIP is slightly lower, FX is new, and then the deals basically were all known. The last items are sort of wage, inflation, that's about $120 million, and the productivity is about $150 million in the P&L, so that's sort of consistent with our three-year view. So that adds up to the midpoint of our range of $2 billion. And then relative to the volume question, I think it's very simple to think about our view of this year. The functional ingredients, which is circa less than 25% of the business, we are projecting that to be relatively flattish for the year. All the other businesses actually have growth directly in the 2% to 3% range on a full year basis, a little bit more slower in the beginning of the year and ramping up in the latter, but that's why we mentioned. As we think about that range of guidance, it's functional ingredients is the area that probably gives us the most pause and we've been the most cautious, and that sort of is the difference between the high end of the 3% versus the 0% range. So hopefully that answers the question.
Glenn Richter: Yes. Hey, good morning, Gunther. Our projected free cash flow for this year is $500 million. I would note that that's inclusive and an expectation of $100 million of taxes for the sale of LMC and carryover for savory and then another $100 million for other restructure one-time items. So there's 200 of Reg G, but net of the 200, we're at $500 million for your free cash flow.
Glenn Richter: Yes, thanks. Good morning once again, David. As you point out, we've got three years of very significant pricing to reflective of the inflation environment of 18%, 19% cumulatively. 2.5% is all we're anticipating. That actually reflects sort of overall price decline. So as I mentioned, that price is sort of zero in our P&L. It is highly concentrated in the functional ingredients and the scent ingredient space. And we've been extremely surgical in terms of where we needed to give it back. And at this point, we're pretty much locked in to most of our pricing for the year at this point. So that actually feels like a pretty safe number relative to the plan.
Glenn Richter: Hey, Lisa, this is Glenn. Let me address your second question regarding functional ingredients. So from past conversations, 2021-'22, we had a number of missteps on our part that caused this business to step backwards. Since that, we've been working on basically four major items. One, getting service levels up to the right standard. I'm happy to say for the last year plus, service levels have been at 95% plus across all the business and across the entire globe. Secondly and perhaps most importantly, is getting volume back on track, which is combination of our sales execution pipeline. As we mentioned, that has dramatically picked up over the last year in getting our pricing right in the market, we just talked about that. We've been very smart this year thinking about market-by-market, product-by-product, what makes sense to be competitive, to win and retain business. We feel much better about that. The third item has really been around sort of our general go-to-market strategy, and as Erik has mentioned, be much more focused across the ingredients team, making sure that they own the results. Lastly, it's cost. So we have been really focusing on all of the costs, but largely the 85% that sits in cost of goods. So it's skew rationalization, raw material consolidation, manufacturing footprint consolidation, taking out fixed costs, et cetera, and we're making very good progress. We are seeing successive improvements in volume quarter-to-quarter. Q2 last year was a low watermark. We're actually moving into sort of flattish as we start this year, and we're also continuing to see good expansion in margin. So we have a lot of work to do, as Erik mentioned, but we're beginning to see some progress in terms of what we've been doing. Thank you.
Glenn Richter: Thanks. Two very good questions. So on the pricing of our 2.5%, 80% of our downward pricing is concentrated in functional ingredients and the scent ingredients business. Those areas, by definition, are more commoditized, and in addition, those areas have seen some more meaningful deflation in terms of commodities. So it's natural. As I mentioned previously, we were doing a very good job of making sure we're competitive in the market by product, by region, and we feel good that that 2.5% sort of is reflective of the environment. The second question regarding why are we not more optimistic? Honestly, we're just cautious. We're very cautious and prudent given the environment. The last year was extremely bumpy. We do believe that de-stocking for most of our business is largely behind us, and we're seeing positive signs, but we need a couple of quarters of positive momentum, I think, and stabilization before we can move from cautious to optimistic.
Glenn Richter: Yes, so I think for the H&B had a very good year and that was a result of a progressive improvement in volumes. As we noted, the health business, one of our largest segments, actually had a very good fourth quarter. Secondarily, productivity, so we've driven a lot of productivity across the business. And third, really net price. So there's been -- to your second question, a decline in input cost in that business as well. So that got us to the 30% range for the business. I did note on the call that we are anticipating H&B like all four of our businesses that demonstrate both EBITDA growth and margin expansion this year. So we expect that to be the case for H&B. In general, our input costs, as I mentioned, are anticipated to be down this year. Energy is flattish at this point, logistics are down, and we're seeing some raw materials deflation. As a reminder, it takes about four months for a purchase to run through the balance sheet. So that's a positive momentum. That's a net zero, as I mentioned, for the overall enterprise for the year. So thanks for the question.
Glenn Richter: Yes, thanks. This is Glenn. I'll answer the first part of your question. In general, we're pretty cautious on our outlook on volume. So we're, as I mentioned, flattish to three. So we haven't expected a giant recovery this year in our base case. So that's kind of a starting point. In the absence of that materializing, we have been very good at delivering productivity, as Erik mentioned in his opening comments. We are accelerating both ongoing efforts, and we have additional efforts underway to take costs out that aren't reflected in the plan. So that would be my second comment. Relative to the de-leverage, so that gives you some sense on the earnings profile and offsets if there's additional softness in the external market. The de-leverage will largely be accomplished through divestitures. As Erik mentioned, we are on path. We feel very good in terms of our activities underway, and we do think we'll accomplish our targeted divestitures, which will be the biggest driver of achieving our de-leveraged goal.
Glenn Richter: Yes, I'll start with the second. Generally, we've seen de-stocking basically, I'll say it's done everywhere with exception of pharma largely, and it's the second half of the year. Pharma just started late as an industry part of the de-stocking for logical reasons given the margin structure, but we do anticipate the second half of this year to be done with pharma. The Q1 we think is a very reasonable guide, 475 to 500. We have started off the year generally pretty good on the volume side, but we just want to be cautious as we sort of go through the quarter. Generally, the volume slightly lower than the average for the year, so that's a little bit of the impact there, Patrick.
Glenn Richter: Yes. So hey, good morning, Adam. So let me take you through the cash flow reconciliation. It's a good question. And I'll start from the top with EBITDA. So the midpoint of our guide is $2 billion. We are forecasting $345 million of interest expense. Cash taxes are roughly $450. That includes the Reg G or transaction related. I'll back them out later. We have networking capital, slightly a negative. We're being a little cautious in terms of the overall full year. Part is just the growth of the business. And then there's miscellaneous, sort of others, about $100 million of other items to get an operating cash flow of $1.50 billion-ish. As we mentioned, we have a CapEx target up this year. We're trying to invest in our growth business of about $540 for the year. That gets us to a free cash flow, including Reg G of $500 million. I would note, as I mentioned, there's $200 million of Reg G items, $100 million of that's transaction, largely taxes, a little bit of other deal costs, but largely taxes. And then there's $100 million of other miscellaneous Reg G items as well. So that gets you to, if you back those out on adjusted free cash flow around $700 million for the year. The other note I'd say, Adam, the biggest shift year-over-year is networking capital. We had an improvement last year of $500 million. We're being sort of conservative and flattish to slightly down this year.
Glenn Richter: Yes, good morning, Mike. Good to hear your voice. Regarding pharma, as you know, this business quarter-to-quarter can be a little lumpy based on demand. And fourth quarter is typically a lower volume quarter. The margins are always compressed seasonally for the fourth quarter, so it's difficult to look at that. We are very optimistic on the strength of this business and the go-forward plan. We do expect the business to be in approximately the mid-20s from an EBITDA margin this year from a standpoint. And there's tons of other initiatives to continue to drive up the margin further. So I think what you're seeing is a function de-stocking, idle mills, seasonality over the last couple of quarters, but just not reflective of the fundamentals of the business.
Glenn Richter: Hey, good morning, Mark. Hey, thanks for the question. You're right, if you look at a three-year stack, we would still be negative over the three-year average by about 1%, 1.5% over, including if you hit the 3% this year. But I would note, as we said in the past, I think you have to sort of think about the performance of the business between 75% and 25%. 75% of the business, our core scent business is forming very well. Flavors has pockets of strength, H&B, both enzymes, probiotics, culture's business are doing well, pharma overall is doing well. It's really the other 25, which is functional ingredients we've talked about, that actually has been a drag on the overall results of the business. So if you separate that, I think you clearly have a very different view in terms of that three-year stack, and the 75% is nicely positive, and I would submit it's in line with competition. For the most part, we have opportunities, as Erik said, to perform better, but it's focused on that 25%. I also will note once again, as we're trying to be realistic, there's prospects that the markets improve more significantly. Certainly the start of the year knock on wood is pretty encouraging, but it's too early to call anything above that range until we see a consistency month-by-month in terms of volumes coming back. So, I appreciate the question.
Glenn Richter: And I would just add to that, as we mentioned, we're going to be up about 8% year-over-year in CapEx, and at core operational CapEx, which is really supporting growth in our core products is up 10%. So we're in the right range from a CapEx, around 5% of sales in terms of what we need to maintain and grow the business.
