Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Mike. On the call today, we will review our financial results for the third quarter and the first nine months for 2018, give a quick update on Frutarom since the transaction has closed, and provide an update to all financial expectations for the full year, inclusive of Frutarom. Then we will be happy to take any questions that you may have. Starting with a recap of our first nine months performance, growth was strong across our key financial metrics. Currency neutral sales increase 6% year-to-date, with Flavors growing 6% and Fragrances growing 5%. New win performance and price increases to mitigate rising material cost, both contributed to consolidated growth. From a profitability perspective, currency neutral adjusted operating profit grew 4%, supported by volume leverage and our focus to drive greater efficiency throughout our business via cost and productivity initiatives. Currency neutral adjusted EPS improved 11%, driven by adjusted operating profit growth as well as a more favorable effective tax rate. Our strategic priorities continue to drive overall performance over the first nine months of 2018. Sales of our Re-Imagine Modulation portfolio grew strong double-digit and PowderPure grew an impressive triple-digits, both indicative of our position as a leader in innovation. Performance with local and regional customers remained strong, growing double that of our global customers, which on a consolidated basis is about 50% of our customer base. In Flavor specifically, our mid-size go-to-market platform, Tastepoint, continued to deliver strong results, improving strong double-digits in the first nine months of 2018. In terms of maximizing our portfolio towards our most margin accretive categories, cosmetic active ingredients continued its robust growth trend by improving double-digits. Also on the Fragrance side, hair care grew double-digits and home care and toiletries improved high-single digits. In Flavors, growth was strong in dairy and beverage, improving double-digits and high-single digits respectively. We also continue to focus on driving greater efficiencies throughout our business via cost and productivity initiatives, which allows us to reallocate resources to efforts that drive the greatest returns and maintain strong profitability. This yielded strong results in the first nine months of 2018. And so our cost and productivity initiatives, including zero-based budgeting added approximately 5 percentage points of gross to currency neutral adjusted operating profit and EPS growth. All-in-all, I'm very pleased with how well our refreshed priorities are performing and believe better positions us to drive long-term value for our shareholders. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Rich.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Rich. In summary, we are pleased with a strong financial performance in the third quarter, as we achieved growth in all of our key financial metrics. Our strong performance in the first nine-months was driven by our refreshed priorities, as we continue to focus on the execution of our long-term strategy, accelerating growth, increasing differentiation and driving cost efficiencies to drive sustainable, profitable growth in the future and maximize value creation for our shareholders. As we look towards the remainder of the year, inclusive of Frutarom results for the fourth quarter, we expect strong advancements in top- and bottom-line results as noted by Rich. Looking forward, comes a bittersweet realization that the third quarter 2018 was our final as legacy IFF. We are now embarking on the next major chapter of IFF history. We believe that our combination with Frutarom, the largest transaction of its kind in our industry, is fundamentally going to expand our customer and employee base and product offerings. We will have greater exposure to fast-growing customers, broader access to attractive adjacencies and a very differentiated portfolio, with an increased focus on naturals and health and wellness, as well as more comprehensive solutions. We believe this will translate into accelerated financial performance as a combined company, with robust top- and bottom-line growth, leading to strong returns for our shareholders. With that, we would now like to open up the call to questions.
Andreas Fibig: Let me start the first part of the question, and then I hand it over to Rich. So, first of all, we had a solid start and an acceleration in growth with the Frutarom business for the fourth quarter, so that's a good part. And we are actually ahead of the integration. What is the big benefit for us is that we have closed the deal earlier than we sought. The teams were well-prepared. The leadership structure is in place. And most of the insecurity is gone, which we usually have when you embark in such kind of a deal. And that, let's say, fills the optimism for the fourth quarter and the year going forward. So good start, as I said, financially. Secondly, we have the organization in place to perform and we see that people are very motivated, leadership structure is there. They're going after it. We are talking already about cross-selling opportunities, which I always said is probably mid- and long-term, the biggest value creation opportunity we have here. We have the first small signs of cross-selling successes, which is fantastic, and that, I would say, fuels the optimism of the organization that the fourth quarter will go in the right direction. But in terms of the guidance...
Andreas Fibig: And that's actually very comforting, and particularly in the start into the quarter, which is really, really good. And again, I believe this early closing of the deal gives us a great opportunity to be ahead of schedule with our integration, because we just can – we have named our leaders already, the organization is in place and we can drive the performance. So, that's good. What have we learned during the months we owned the business? Actually nothing which is a super big surprise to us. Maybe the only thing and that's more positive is when I listened to the teams which are working together on the cross-selling opportunity, and I said it in the last couple of months, but it solidified my view that the opportunity we can cross-sell their products and vice versa into different customer bases with the technology is probably a bigger opportunity than we had sought at the beginning, and that really can drive value over time. And it will take some time, but the first signs are actually very, let's say, very encouraging. We had the first win actually on a West Coast customer where we helped the Frutarom team with our vanilla technology and vanilla formulation and that has led to a $3 million order, which they probably would never had received if we would not have helped out here, just to give one example. It's small, but it started earlier than I sought it. So that's how I would describe it.
Andreas Fibig: No, actually not. Because the good thing is that fruit, the fruit business has a very wide and broad customer base, and it will be very unlikely that all of these customers also for the different categories decide all of a sudden not to buy. I think that gives us a great comfort that we will reaccelerate in terms of the growth. And we are in the middle of the budget process right now, and I hope in the next two or three weeks we will see how the numbers come out. But no big surprises here on this side, I would say it's actually what Rich alluded to, a couple of timing topics and on color, certainly the pricing topic. And then it were the weeks and the two months before we were doing the closing, and that certainly impacted the business as well. As we see, we are coming back right now and that's comforting for us. So that's how I would describe it. And I think it's important to see, because the portfolio has such a wide range of different portfolio topics, plus the broad customer base, that gives us actually good protection against downside movements in the mid and the long term. And that's the reason why we are reasonably optimistic here for the future.
Andreas Fibig: Absolutely. And then if you go mid and longer term, also the CapEx will be ramped down, because we have on legacy IFF businesses, as you might know, still to finish our plant in India and in China and two big creative centers here in the U.S. And when we have done that, then the structure is actually in place. We need some CapEx investment on the legacy fruit business to absorb some of all our capacity here as well. But this is all done in the next two years, then CapEx will go down significantly. We had actually a CapEx discussion last Friday, and that will generate more free cash flow going forward as well. So that's how we see it, and it looks like it will go in the right direction.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you very much for all these great questions. We'll follow up in the one-on-one calls as usually and have a great day, and it's Election Day.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah, Mark, in terms of the guidance range, I wouldn't read too much into that. It's probably the simplest answer is I didn't want to have to go out to three digits in terms of the range, and so we picked basically a $50 million range around that. There's nothing more than that. As Andreas had said, I think that the first – the fourth quarter, the start to the first quarter is in line with what we expected. We've seen the improvement in Frutarom's performance into the start to Q4. I mean, I think we do believe that a big piece of the Q3 performance was driven by specific incident-related items, whether it's the trade and marketing or whether it's customer order patterns in a couple of businesses.
Richard A. O’Leary: Mark, from an EBITDA margin standpoint, I think it's – within the Flavors business, probably there's some mix impact, probably there is a little bit of mix impact within Natural Product Solutions. I think there are a couple of projects in terms of productivity things that are about three or six months behind schedule, that were already underway within the Frutarom business. So that's probably a little bit of what we're seeing in the second half. So I think overall, we don't see that there's any fundamental changes. Obviously, with the strong growth rates we saw particularly in Q1, the leverage component is much more advantageous in the first half than what we've seen in the third quarter.
Richard A. O’Leary: In terms of pro forma information, Lauren, we will on the year-end call, once all the numbers have been finalized, we'll provide a full-blown full-year pro forma for both the combined companies, so that represents the reference point going forward to the three-year guidance that we've talked about earlier. So we will provide that on the next call.
Richard A. O’Leary: Lauren, a couple things. I think there is – unfortunately there's always a time lag as we go through this process.
Richard A. O’Leary: I think we've talked about that in the past about certain contracts and arrangements have windows for that. But we are already having conversations, the businesses certainly are starting to have the conversations around what is going to be necessary. We're going to expect to see – on an overall basis, I would expect to see mid-single-digit increases next year, again, skewed heavily towards the Fragrance business, given the continued supply chain interruptions that we're dealing with there. The teams are already having those conversations with and teeing those things up with the customers, but I would expect to see some continued pressure during the course, but I also fully expect to see progress quarter by quarter going forward also.
Richard A. O’Leary: So, Faiza, remember, a portion of that is related to the BASF, so that's something that still is being worked through. We're doing everything we can to mitigate the effects of the citral stuff. Some of it doesn't show up in pricing because we'll go through and work with customers on reformulations to adapt the cost base, so not everything is going to show up exactly. But I do expect over time that we will be able to recover this. We've got to protect our customers' business, but we also have to protect our bottom line. It's not easy. I'm never going to say it's easy. So I do expect, as I said to Lauren's question, I do expect us to see further pressure and continued focus on price realization in 2019. In terms of where is it coming from, it's very much in the core feedstock type of ingredients for the Fragrance business. Again, in my comments, I mentioned that we've had supply chain interruptions. We started the year and we were at mid-single digits including citral. We've had issues in suppliers in India. We've had fires in India. We've had shutdowns in China on some of the core ingredient suppliers – chemical ingredient suppliers. More recently, more environmental-related supply chain restrictions, and we're also starting to see situations where demand is coming from non-F&F markets for the same raw materials, which is creating a supply and demand pressure point, and we don't expect new capacity come on in the short term. So I think we're going to have to deal with it. Our customers understand what's driving it. We spend a lot of time walking them through the details, and then working with them in terms of how do we mitigate the impacts on both sides. So, it's going to continue. Unfortunately, we're in a period where it seems every six months something else is popping up and we're having to deal with it with our customers. We're probably going to have the third round of conversation with customers in a very short period around price increases that are necessary for us to protect our bottom line in the long run.
Richard A. O’Leary: Sure, Faiza. Obviously, it's hard to pinpoint it exactly. What I can tell you is we've been able to, as I said in my comments, so if we look at some specific issues, the colors business has a pricing issue related to changes in the underlying raw materials. But that's had a big impact in that business. I talked about the timing of orders and order patterns, both in the citrus business as well as part of the savory business. So I think that's part of the reason why we believe it's a unique circumstance. Undoubtedly, there is – one of the biggest challenges any company that's going through this type of combination has to deal with is distraction. We always do our best to try to keep everybody focused on both sides, but I can't – it's hard for me to sit there and say specifically how much of what we saw in Q3 is that. But I can tell you, again, if you take out these three or four specific items that we know what was driving it, we were more in line with the long-term expectations of that business of mid-single digit growth on a currency neutral basis.
Richard A. O’Leary: And then, as Andreas and I talked about in terms of the outlook and where we expect to see Q4, we are seeing and we do expect to see growth in Q4, probably not all the way back to where we would think it long-term, but certainly a marked improvement from what we saw in Q3.
Richard A. O’Leary: Look, again, they're going to disclose their results in the next two or three weeks. And then, we'll be in a better position to answer any questions at that point in time. I don't feel comfortable covering it right now.
Richard A. O’Leary: I would disagree that it's an aggressive treatment. It's looking at the underlying profitability. But then, again, bridging – it's a simple way to bridge it back to cash flow generation. We've seen this done on several of the acquisitions of similar sizes. So I don't consider it aggressive. I'm trying to keep it, – the number of metrics that we have to communicate and monitor going forward to keep it simple.
Richard A. O’Leary: Look, John, we're going through that right now. But I would tell you that where I expect this to end up is we're going to report it the way we manage the business. So, on the Taste side of the business, we'll report along the regions, that's the way that business is run. On the Scent side, we'll report around the categories. And on the Frutarom side, I think we're getting around the regional numbers. Directionally, that's where we're headed.
Richard A. O’Leary: No, no, nothing significant in terms of change, in terms of the legacy business, both in terms of top line and overall profitability. We're on target.
Richard A. O’Leary: Adam, just a quick follow-up on my side. Again, I don't see anything in the discussions with the team around the third quarter or any expectations that would change our long-term expectations for the business. I think you're right. As we look into 2019, certainly the first half and the first quarter in particular are going to have tougher comps, stronger growth in the first half than what we expect to see in the second half in 2018.
Richard A. O’Leary: Let me start with the first question, Gunther. In terms of the $220 million, it's really roughly $36 million for the historical Frutarom, $37 million roughly for legacy IFF amortization, and then the incremental – the difference to that to $220 million, which is call it $147 million, is our current estimates of what the step up is going to be. I don't think Bob has finished the calcs yet, so it's going to take us a while. I would certainly expect that to be the basis for 2019, but we'll have more clarity, I'd say midpoint of 2019 at the earliest, but we'll update everybody if anything changes materially. In terms of free cash flow generation, given the incremental step up, I would expect that ratio to go up. As we begin to see improvements on the IFF side in terms of working capital, we get through some of the inventory pressures that I've talked about earlier, both from a price and a supply chain issue, I think we will be able to drive further improvements from a working capital standpoint on legacy IFF businesses, and I think we see a significant opportunity, particularly on the payables side for the Frutarom business. So I think there's upside to the historical numbers that you were talking about.
Richard A. O’Leary: I think as I said earlier, we don't look at it anymore as Frutarom's historical M&A and our historical legacy M&A. It's now one combined pipeline that's based on this strategy and the prioritized segments that we see going forward for the combined businesses. We're not done with all that work yet, but there are things that are in the pipeline that we are confident with, and we continue to work to pursue those.
Richard A. O’Leary: Andreas's comment about CapEx, on a combined basis, I do see that coming down to probably somewhere between 3% and 3.5% on a combined basis after we get through 2019 and 2020 with all the integration work.
Richard A. O’Leary: So we have built into our cash flow projections, we have built into our leverage ratios incremental M&A over the next three years.
Richard A. O’Leary: Okay. Let me start with the Fine Fragrance versus Fragrance ingredients, and I'm going to put – I'm going to take the cosmetic actives out of that comparison. I think on a gross margin basis, there's a significant difference. On a return on sales basis, it's much closer to – they're much closer to each other, given the relative overheads of those two businesses. So they're both attractive on an accretive basis, but gross margin wise, if you think about mix, Fine Fragrance is significantly higher than the Fragrance Ingredients business. CapEx as a percent of sales, I have to come back to you on that one. I think for – let me come back to you on that one. I don't want to guess and do my math in my head over the call. In terms of the insurance recovery, again, this is related to the product recall issue we settled with our customer last year. We wrote the check in early part of 2018. And then, we've gone back to the vendor's insurance company and worked on getting reimbursement from them, because they had their own product liability insurance and that's where the money came from.
Richard A. O’Leary: Sure. No problem. So on the internal transfers of IBR and the North American flavors, it's really, it's small. So it's insignificant, again. So, it's not a big number. It's not going to impact the regional numbers much at all. In terms of the integration costs spend, I think it's what Andreas said earlier, I think the bulk of that, the CapEx as well as I would expect that the bulk of those things to be both in 2019 and 2020...
Richard A. O’Leary: ...with a slight lag, I would say in terms of the severance costs by a quarter or two. But I think the bulk of it's going to be in 2019 and 2020.
