Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Shelley, and good morning, and good afternoon, everyone. Our focus on the call this morning is a review of our third quarter results and a short discussion on our outlook for the remainder of the year. As a company with significant operations in New York and in New Jersey, we are very well aware of the impact that Hurricane Sandy has had on people in the area. Our thoughts and our prayers go out to everyone who was affected by this storm, including our own numerous employees in the region. The solid growth we achieved this third quarter is due to the strategic priorities we have implemented over the past few years to deliver profitable growth, by improving the profitability of our product portfolio, strengthening our innovation platform and leveraging our geographic reach. You have heard us say many times that the diversity of our business model, in terms of geographies and use categories and customers, helps to provide us with stable results in good times and bad. This quarter, we are seeing the cumulative effect of our strategy, combined with the diversity of our business model, resulting in solid momentum and strong growth in both Flavors and Fragrances even with ongoing economic uncertainty in many parts of the world. We are very pleased with our progress and encouraged by our results and believe we are on the right path. Both our Flavors and Fragrances Compounds businesses delivered strong top line growth and margin recovery this quarter, and we saw strong contributions to overall profitability from both our businesses. For the total company, we delivered top line local currency sales growth of 5%, which is the highest quarterly sales growth we have seen since the first quarter of 2011. On a like-for-like basis, which excludes the impact of the exit of low-margin sales activities, our local currency sales growth was, in fact, higher at 7%. This quarter, we continued to execute on our plan to exit lower-margin sales activities in Flavors. We also saw a better mix of business, both in the developed and in the emerging markets. As expected, we are seeing lower increases in raw material costs, although they remain at elevated levels and we continue to take pricing. These factors, in addition to ongoing manufacturing efficiencies and other elements, such as product mix and new business wins, resulted in gross margin expansion of 350 basis points this quarter to 42.5%, up from 39% in the prior year quarter. Our adjusted operating profit increased $6 million, or 5%, to $164 million -- $134 million in the third quarter compared with $128 million in the third quarter of 2011. Also, our adjusted operating profit margins expanded 100 basis points this quarter to 18.9% compared with 17.9% in the year ago quarter. In the third quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.20 per share. The GAAP number includes an $0.88 charge arising from our settlement with the Spanish tax authorities earlier in the quarter. Excluding this charge as well as the $0.01 per share reversal of a restructuring charge in the prior year quarter, our adjusted earnings per share increased 8% to $1.08. This quarter marks the second consecutive quarter in which we were able to deliver solid EPS growth on an adjusted basis despite the challenging economic environment. We are pleased with our performance this quarter and with the favorable trends we are seeing in both our top line and bottom line growth. I will now turn the call over to Nicolas and Hernan, who will provide you with an update on the progress of our business units, and then to Kevin, our CFO, who will provide an overview of our financial performance. After their respective sections, I will give you some perspective on the outlook for the balance of the year. With that, I'd like to introduce Group President of Fragrances, Nicolas Mirzayantz.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Nicolas, Hernan, and Kevin. We are pleased with the progress we've made over the past few quarters. The diverse and stable nature of our business, combined with our customer intimacy and consumer insights, enabled us to deliver strong results in a challenged environment. Although we are mindful of economic volatility in various parts of the world, we are confident that, based on our diversification, we will be able to offset softness in one part of our business with strengths in another part of the business world. The accelerated momentum we see in the Flavor and Fragrance Compounds business is fueled by the strategic investments we have made in the emerging markets over many years, combined with our ability to provide customers with products that meet and surpass consumer expectation and lead to market share growth for both our customers and for us. We are committed to driving the business for the long term and executing on our growth plans. IFF's operations were impacted by Hurricane Sandy, resulting in short-term disruptions in power, manufacturing and in our information technology systems. I am pleased to say that most of these disruptions have now been resolved due to the rapid reaction of our employees in implementing our disaster recovery plans. We are currently in the process of estimating the impact of the storm on our business. We do not expect it to have a material impact on our fourth quarter financial results. For the fourth quarter, we expect to see continued strong local currency sales growth in Flavors, offset in part by the continued acceleration and exit of low-margin sales activities. In Fragrances, we expect momentum to continue in Fine & Beauty Care, while also maintaining solid growth in Functional. We expect to see improving volume trends in Ingredients business in the fourth quarter, although we still expect year-over-year moderate volume declines. With regard to margin trends, we expect that raw material costs will continue to stabilize at the current rates, which, as Kevin has pointed out, when combined with last year's trends still results in historically high levels of input costs. Given our progress on a number of initiatives, we expect our gross margins will continue to trend above year-ago levels. We have a committed and dedicated group of people whose mission is to see the company succeed. We are pushing ahead to meet our internal profit objectives despite the headwinds mentioned. Excluding the costs related to the impact of the hurricane, we expect our adjusted earnings per share to be in line with current market consensus for the fourth quarter. In conclusion, our strong performance at IFF this quarter is a result of our geographic footprint, our product diversity and our ability to work with our customers year in and year out to develop new products that help shape the industry and delight consumers. Going forward, we expect continued momentum and growth. We will continue to proactively manage our performance and calibrate costs in line with our top line growth as we continue to execute against our business plans. With that, we would be happy to take any questions you may have. Thank you for your participation.
Douglas D. Tough: We pick up the next part of your question going -- and it's really flowing out of the Investor Day discussion. And while we haven't disclosed the number, I'll take you through the 3 planks that we had then and we have now. And it's been an interesting evolution. That maximization of the portfolio is both -- that's really where the concept flowed from. It was to really focus as much on growing where we could. And you can see in both the Fine discussion Nicolas has had and some of the categories that Hernan discussed, we've got some priority categories, and they're broadly doing well and contributing to that goal. The third plank was that if we couldn't fix things, we would exit businesses. And that was -- there was a little bit of that in Fragrances in previous quarters. The focus really for the company in the last few quarters has been on Flavors. And Hernan touched upon that, and Kevin has just mentioned the benefit of margin we get from exiting. Exiting was a last resort. But nevertheless, you can see the company's positive traction in margin recovery from having exited the business and still having some good top line growth. The second plank, and really the most interesting one and where we've candidly been treading water, and while that's disappointing in the absolute, I think the particulars around the facts are important. But treading water was really around some categories in Functional Fragrance in the Fragrance businesses. And the treading water was the identification of the need to fix some businesses. And candidly, the team have really taken some excellent actions to move the progress ahead, but we have been hit by significant raw material cost increases over the last couple of years. So it's a function of taking some pricing with customers, revising some formulas, doing some things we inside the company call "some value creation," which is streamlining the business. We've done a number of things, all of which have been positive in terms of margin recovery, but they've been offset by the, if you will, the tsunami of the raw material cost increases in the last couple of years. So since that meeting, we've probably made very little traction despite some really strong actions. But if this grow-the-categories, we're still doing that, we will exit some low margin. But that fixed Functional, we've made some -- little progress. We've still got more to do, but it's been a great experience. And had we not, frankly, been able to engender some of the successes I just talked about in the light of the cost increases, the margin would have been extremely negative.
Douglas D. Tough: Yes. Thanks. I'd like to thank all the participants on the call for their support today. Particularly with the federal election, there's many potential distractions for all of us. For those IFF employees on the call, I would like to reiterate my thanks and appreciation for all you've done during the last week in keeping the business going strongly. And for all the people on the call, we look forward to our Q4 and final year results, which we expect to be positive. Thank you for your participation today. Have a good day.
Hernan Vaisman: Thank you, Nicolas. Good morning and good afternoon. This is our 27th consecutive quarter of local currency sales growth. On a like-for-like basis, over the last 3 quarters, we have delivered local currency sales growth of 6%, 9% and 9% on top of the 9% growth for the third quarter of last year. We are proud of the -- our results and our ability to consistently deliver strong growth metrics. This quarter, as expected, the exit of low-margin sales activities accelerated, which had a 3-percentage-point impact on Flavor sales growth, but a favorable impact on segment and company margins. Once again, we delivered strong growth in every region and every category. Our growth was led by a strong pipeline of new business wins in Beverage and Dairy, both of which achieved double-digit growth. On a like-for-like basis, Savory and Sweet also delivered solid growth in this quarter. Our results were supported by 10% growth in the emerging markets. Our like-for-like growth in North America was 6%. Beverage and Dairy were once again the 2 best-performing categories and delivered double-digit growth. We also saw solid growth contributions from Savory and Sweet, owing in part to our savory and sweetness modulation tools. On a like-for-like basis, our EAME region delivered local currency sales growth of 13% led by strong growth in Dairy. EAME was our best-performing region this quarter. Western Europe continued to deliver solid performance with a strong volume growth from wins offsetting volumes declining on existing business. In addition, we are also delivering strong growth in the emerging market of Africa and the Middle East. Greater Asia, our largest region, delivered strong 8% local currency growth. On a like-for-like basis, Greater Asia grew at 9%. This growth was led by double-digit growth in Dairy and high single-digit growth in Beverage, Savory and Sweet. In Latin America, local currency growth on a like-for-like basis was 6%, led by double-digit growth in Savory and positive growth in Dairy and Beverage. Although we have made progress in this region, we continue to work with the customer to improve our sales momentum in Latin America. Due to our continued growth, we are making additional investment in the business to support our future growth. As Nicholas mentioned, in September, we opened a new plant in Singapore that manufactures both flavors and fragrances. We are also beginning a new manufacturing facility in Guangzhou, China, which will be exclusively focused on Flavors. This plant is expected to open in the first quarter of 2013. Both the Singapore and China plants are essential to aligning our infrastructure to support our projected capacity requirements in Greater Asia. Last month, we announced our plans to invest over $50 million in Gebze, Turkey to expand on our existing manufacturing site and build a new leading-edge creative facility. Turkey offers an unparalleled strategic hub into the fast-growing emerging market in the region that will allow us to significantly increase and differentiate our value proposition to our customers. We expect to invest significantly in our Flavors creative and manufacturing capabilities in Turkey, which will provide additional support to key emerging markets. This quarter, although our Flavors business achieved local currency sales growth of 6% on a reported basis, our net sales were flat due to the weakness of other currencies versus the U.S. dollars versus the year-ago quarter. Importantly, operating performance in our Flavor business more than offset these foreign exchange pressures. Our gross margin recovery at the segment level supported gross margin expansion at the consolidated level due to volume gains for new business, the accelerated exit of lower-margin sales activities and more favorable category mix, which more than offset higher input costs and investment to support growth initiatives, resulting in 150-basis-point increase in our segment operating margin to 22.4%. This translated into a Flavors third quarter segment profit increase of $5 million, or 7%, to $76.1 million. We continue to make investment in Research & Development to support the future growth of the business and provide our customers with the leading-edge technology and product quality that they expect from us. Looking ahead, we expect to see continued sales momentum in the fourth quarter of 2012 led by strong growth in the emerging markets, offset in part by the accelerated exit of low-margin sales activities. Our consistent underlying sales growth remained strong, driven by new business wins using our sweetness and savory modulation tools to make our customers' end products healthier. We are excited about our future growth prospect. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin Berryman, our CFO.
Hernan Vaisman: It's Hernan speaking. We don't have available this information. But what we can say, that we -- we've seen a, I would say, material growth on these health and wellness trends. So while I cannot be precise, I could say that it's really gaining territory in almost all parts of the world.
Hernan Vaisman: Definitely. In developed markets, it's one of the key factors. I mean, not only the health and wellness but also naturals are the key drivers. And since we have, I would say, very suitable tools, it's helping us to grow the business there.
Hernan Vaisman: I could not say at this point in time 1/3 because I don't have this information. But I think that they're growing very fast and, at one point in time, probably will get there.
Hernan Vaisman: It's Hernan. So this is the run rate. I mean, just to give more -- I mean, Flavors some more information, this is -- what you've seen this quarter is what we expect to have in the next few quarters. So in other words, after, I mean, the second half -- or in the second half of the next year, we will not see any more business discontinued. Of course, we are always reviewing our portfolio, but I would say that we can say that we are largely done by half of next year.
Kevin C. Berryman: Okay, Mark, nice to hear from you. Look, I think that it is a little bit early for us to discuss what's been -- or what our expectations are for 2013 input costs. I think we've said in the past that we don't consider there to be a great level of variability as we look forward into 2013. And I'll leave it at that at this particular point in time. But certainly, it's a much more stable environment than we've seen in the past. So I'll leave it at that at this particular point in time. In terms of the investments in our factories, clearly these are investments that are capacity oriented and supporting our future growth initiatives largely in Greater Asia. The recent Turkey announcement is supporting other parts of the emerging market portfolio that we have. But clearly, they're about increasing our capacities. There are efficiencies embedded into those plants. But at the same token, there will be some incremental depreciation that we have at this particular point in time as well. Having said all of that, we will continue to try and drive incremental efficiencies into our business. And as you see through the initiatives that we have in recognizing the third quarter gross margin progression, it's a wide swath of efforts, including some pricing but also new wins, good margins on those new wins and working on price and cost efficiencies with our factories. And that will continue to be a focus as we go forward.
Kevin C. Berryman: I would say that the results are pretty much in line with kind of what our expectations were at. And I think that, as we've talked about, we will continue to evaluate investments in customer-facing initiatives and innovation long term, and in the short term when we think those opportunities are warranted and value enhancing. We certainly did some of that in the third quarter, and that will continue to be the case as we see opportunities and continued margin progression and growth at the top line.
Kevin C. Berryman: Sure, Silke. Let me take a stab and then I'll turn it over to any my colleagues who want to add any additional color. I think that again, as outlined in the prepared comments and some earlier comments, there was a wide swath of things that were driving our gross margin. While certainly, pricing helped to offset the incremental input costs that we talked about, it really wasn't the primary driver. The net pricing versus input costs was not the driver to our margins. Volume and mix certainly was a key determinant of that, and that certainly helped provide a big chunk of the benefits. And I think also, the cost savings initiatives were also important, and that is just the blocking and tackling of running the business where we saw some good progress again in Fragrance, where they were able to reduce some costs in their business. Hernan and their team, obviously, have been managing through the exit of some of the lower margin, and that benefit approached 50 basis points for the company as well. So there certainly was a wide range of issues that were executed, or opportunities that were executed against, which allowed us to deliver the strong margin profile. So it just wasn't about the pricing even though that continued to be an important element to help reduce some of the pressure from input costs.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: It's Nicolas. What we did is that we really built upon our vertical integration in some parts of our portfolio and unique expertise to be able to provide solutions to our customers and build upon that expertise to go from a single ingredient to really a creation. And this is really creating a win-win situation for both our customers and really eliminating some of the volatility in the feedstock of the ingredients. So we're providing a more stable solution, which is providing stability to the brand of our customers.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Silke, it's Nicolas. Regarding Ingredients, as we have been saying in the past, I mean, following the strategic review of the portfolio, we concluded that the Ingredients business was and still continue to be of strategic and financial importance to us, and the #1 priority of the business is to provide cost-advantage ingredients to our Compound business. And that's why we're really driving higher consumption of IFF ingredients in our new wins, in our creation, in order to have a better absorption. It is also fair to say that the Ingredient part of our business has been probably one of the most efficient in terms of manufacturing. So we're constantly looking at opportunities to reduce costs and to bring it in line with some of the challenge. But we'll also continue to develop solution and -- that we will be sharing with the Board as we move forward and develop alternatives to adapt to our costs, to the new reality of the market. One thing that I wanted to add and I want to make sure also following the question from Edward, is that with the transfer of some of the Ingredients into Compounds, we will see a lower Ingredients top line sales in the future in 2013 as we're migrating business from Ingredients to Compounds.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Mike, regarding Fine, as you mentioned, we have a good momentum and a good string of new wins that have already been launched or are in the pipe. As we all know, one of the most critical seasons for our customers is the one in which we're entering right now until Christmas. So I believe that the Christmas season will be driving a lot of the market trends. And from that, we will be able to project our performance. So I think it's too early in the season. What is important is that where we participate, we have a strong momentum, and we've been able to secure and to win significant new launches.
