Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Alison. I briefly want to reiterate that we have started the first half of the year well as we delivered strong currency neutral operational performance. We increased our cash return to shareholders while simultaneously initiating the executing of Vision 2020. Our strategy is a natural evolution and the logical next step that will provide the fuel we need to accelerate our growth and increase differentiation, which in turn should lead to sustainable profitable growth for the years to come. With that, I would now like to open the call to questions.
Andreas Fibig: Well, thank you for the question. I firmly believe we are gaining share in Latin America. It's not a coincidence that we are posting the seventh consecutive double-digit growth. We are really travelling well. Our approach of pipeline is very strong. And when I was referring to our unique delivery system technology, I'm referring here to a product which increases authenticity, naturalness of the taste and it's mainly used, not only, but mainly used in beverages. In addition, we have a lot of great inroads we made in other categories such as Savory, thanks again to our technologies in Savory Modulation. And frankly, I feel very good about our performance even going forward and it makes us feel good that we are investing in Vision 2020 in exactly those areas which are truly differentiating ourselves in competition.
Andreas Fibig: We have very strong growth across the account base irrespective whether these are the strategic accounts or the larger accounts or even smaller accounts which are more local in Latin America.
Andreas Fibig: Well, Mike, we expect to have continued additional cost in China also in Q3 and for H2 in general, i.e., it is all factored into our forecast though. They will not be higher than what we had for the quarter in Q2. In terms of productivity, it is very high on our agenda. It obviously stands or falls a lot on how much we can possibly further accelerate our top line. While we are still early in the quarter, I feel good that we will deliver a solid top-line growth that can offset some of the pressures Alison has alluded to before.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you very much for the question. As we said, we had a good first half year. We're in the middle of the execution of our Vision 2020 which works very well. We basically finished the two acquisitions for this year as well which will help us to differentiate and accelerate our growth going to the future. So, thank you very much for the questions again, and let me end the call right now. Thank you.
Matthias Haeni - Group President-Flavors: Good morning, Mark. This is Matthias speaking. Excluding the transaction, the core business was soft, as we previously communicated at Investor Day, principally due to underlying trends with select customers. I also would like to mention here that we have comparables not only relative to last year in Q2, but also in Q1 this year. We were posting a 10% growth in Q1 this year. When it comes to the overall performance by category, we mainly faced some challenges in the category of Savory and we are well confident that in Q3 we are getting back to growth and we will be posting low single-digit growth, and I would be also very confident for the entire balance of the year that we are going to be positive for the year. And this is organically, this is all excluding Ottens. So what we shared with you was like-for-like excluding the acquisition of Ottens.
Matthias Haeni - Group President-Flavors: Okay. This is Matthias speaking. Let me answer the first question. H1, year-to-date, our number for North America will be up. They are growing at low-single digits. We had challenges in the second quarter, indeed and particularly as outlined before in the category of Savory. We also recognized that the larger accounts, the very large international accounts where we have a very high index in North America they are not growing as fast as the smaller, more agile companies which are probably more the mid-tier manufacturers in the food and beverage industry. It's exactly the reason that part of the strategic rationale why IFF has a very strong interest and we feel very pleased and privileged to have Ottens being part of our portfolio. It will give us a vehicle where we can differentiate ourselves, where we can keep the agility, the speed, the responsiveness and the ownership for those accounts to make tailored solutions which have a faster growth rate in North America. So overall, I feel confident that we will be posting full-year growth, excluding Ottens like-for-like sales. And I believe together with Ottens, we will further accelerate in the quarters to come.
Matthias Haeni - Group President-Flavors: Thank you for the question. In Latin America, as I outlined before, we are really travelling very well and very strong. We have a lot of new win. We have also good volume growth, but a lot is driven really by new wins, even new customers. We are moving into new geographies also in Latin America. You may recall that we have opened a new affiliate in Chile, for example. This gives us leverage and we feel very good with the traction which we gain. Thanks to technology, increased customer intimacy and additional accounts.
Matthias Haeni - Group President-Flavors: Talking about China, frankly we see the same, we see challenges as well and we see mainly very large international accounts being challenged. We see volumes decreasing. We see retail destocking and we are (55:22) mainly have a similar symptom as we have in North America that smaller accounts seem to be more agile and probably have a softer, innovative resolutions which are more tailored for the market in China. As we're aware of it, we try to expand. We work with the commercial teams in China to increase our customer portfolio and to ensure that we are again more relevant in the marketplace. I however would like to remind, as we see challenges in China, we have comparables of what we are comparing to last year irrespective whether it's Q2 or even H1 we are comparing to very solid single-digit growth. So, we mainly had slown down the last three quarters in China.
Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President-Fragrances: Yes. Good morning, Mark. It's Nicolas here. So first of all, I will divide the dynamic between the two segments. North America, for Consumer Fragrances, we had a very, very strong growth last year of 8.2% for the full year. So we knew we had gained market share. Here, we expect to be still positive for this year. And so we will be growing above market. So I think that we have gained market share. Here, we see that we came also after a very, very strong growth of 15% last year in Q2, so we know that the market is not growing at that speed. So it was really difficult comp for Q2. In Fine Fragrances, we are facing with some of the launch that took place last year that were not as successful as expected. So we had a very, very strong pipeline last year and we didn't have the same reorder leading to these wins from last year. So it's putting pressure on our top line. But obviously, as you know, most of the activity and market share growth in North America is taking place with European brands. And as you can see, we've been able to capture a significant part of the new launches, and we know that all our European-based customers are manufacturing in Europe for the world including North America.
Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President-Fragrances: Yes. That is correct. We don't expect growth for the remainder of the year, and so we will be still challenged. I think what was important in what Alison shared with you is that if you exclude that customer, we will be up mid single-digits. So that's very, very good. And also regarding the strategic linkage between Ingredients and Fragrance Compounds, overall volume in our plants of ingredient is up double-digits. So you can see that there is a significant benefit of having the vertical integration, and I think that what is really important is that the continued performance and success that we're having in Consumer Fragrances is largely supported by our Ingredients. So the focus of our Ingredients business is really to support our continued growth in Compounds.
Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President-Fragrances: Yes. Good morning, John. You have a briefing process, but the active ingredient is very much innovation-led. So, you really create the opportunity through a consumer insight and really a development of very specific solution leading to the trend in the market. So, you create the growth opportunity instead of really waiting for a brief. So, it's slightly different than ours. And if you look at the dynamic, because the customer base is very, very similar, we believe that through encapsulation technologies, through our consumer insight, we will be able to actually increase the market access of the Lucas Meyer portfolio and provide additional solution for the future.
Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President-Fragrances: It can be. Usually, it's in separate activities. But today, the fact that we can provide a joint solution might create some new opportunities.
Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President-Fragrances: Yes. Good morning, Mike. As you know, encapsulation has been really one of the key drivers of the continued growth and success in Consumer Fragrances. So I will say the majority of the revenues from encapsulation at this stage are really in Fabric Care. But it's really one of the key pillars of the driver and a driver of our Vision 2020. That's where we are really investing significantly right now in resources and in capacity, and with the goal, obviously, to enlarge the offering to other category. So we have early success in other categories, we're pleased. That's why it's growing fast be it on a small base. So, for the foreseeable future, really the growth will be coming from Fabric augmented progressively with the other categories.
Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President-Fragrances: Yes. Silke, it's Nicolas. A very similar trend in terms of the customer dynamic moving to strategic partnership. So every consolidation provide additional upside opportunities. And here, it is obviously – or you need to support and provide consumer insight, and to identify growth opportunities for the portfolios and reaching significant scale. So, we believe it is a positive outlook for us.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Good morning. I was hoping you could bridge the gap for us between reported sales being down 1% and EBIT being up 4%. I'm guessing obviously incentive comp is a piece of it, but even still the implication is some pretty big acceleration on profits and productivity. So if you can give us a little information on that it would be great.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: I mean, is there anything specific, though, because honestly I would have thought that with the Vision 2020 being laid out that the bias is to invest sooner rather than later. And so the implication for currency-neutral EBIT growth is the high-end of your long-term range. So, I guess, wondering if there's any sort of holding back on some of those investment plans, given how rough currency is. Also, maybe the magnitude of how much the compensation is really driving that swing in expenses? And then also I would have thought there would have been greater expenses given the plant issues, the emissions thing you're putting in, in China, that that would have been incremental expense.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Okay. And then I know it is very early, but knowing what you know today about how your hedges work, if currency stayed at today's levels, do you have a sense for what the drag from currency would be next year? Because I know the hedging kind of gives you a lagged effect.
Alison A. Cornell: So, Lauren, it's a combination of incentive comp, as you mentioned. Our raw materials are down. Our productivity savings are up. So those are the main drivers.
Alison A. Cornell: So let me chunk it up a bit. So our forecast for China – full year forecast plus our second quarter includes everything we know about it at this point in time. So we're closely monitoring what's going on in China. We have plans in place too for the odor abatement as quickly as possible, but everything we know at this point is included in our forecast. The other items impacting the difference is also hedging, which I neglected to mention, so I want to include that in terms of the things that are positively impacting bottom line performance. But then also I want to address in terms of our investment. I mean, we're fully committed and fully moving forward on Vision 2020 investment, and so there's no holding back associated with that. I think it's really just the combination of multiple factors that are helping the bottom line appear much greater. But nevertheless, I think each item has a support in and of itself. I think it's really just in combination you get the outcome.
Alison A. Cornell: Okay. Sure. In terms of share repurchase, for the remainder of 2015, we would expect to spend about $40 million to $50 million and then $100 million each year thereafter.
Alison A. Cornell: This is Alison. So there was an impact – I'd say the biggest impact in terms of offsetting that profitability going to the bottom line was increased incentive compensation. Beyond that, we had the intangible impacts of $1.2 million, was also mentioned. And that was somewhat offset by productivity and cost control initiatives, but that was the biggest – those were the two biggest impacts. And then we also mentioned China, which is also included as a negative impact from the bottom line.
Alison A. Cornell: Mike, just another comment. So for the second half of the year too, AIP will continue to be a headwind from a profit perspective.
Alison A. Cornell: Okay. So, first, let me answer the interest-related question. There will be a $2 million increase, which was included in our guidance. So that's reflective. In terms of overall outlook, at our Investor Day, we've guided toward a currency-neutral range of 4% to 6%, so we expect this year's performance to be in line with our long-term guidance of 4% to 6%. We still believe that's the case, albeit at the low end of the range due to pressure from ingredients, which Nicolas had spoken about, as well as some uncertainty in Fine Fragrances.
Alison A. Cornell: And in terms of the – your second part of your question, in terms of raw materials, we expect to see a relatively stable raw material environment for the remainder of 2015.
