Andreas Fibig: In summary, I'm pleased with the second quarter and first half of 2016 from a financial and strategic standpoint. Despite the volatile global operating environment, we are on pace to achieve our previously stated currency-neutral guidance for 2016. Simultaneously, we continue to be focused on the execution of Vision 2020, which is geared towards accelerating our growth and increasing differentiation, which in turn should lead to sustainable, profitable growth. With that, I would now like to open up the call to questions.
Andreas Fibig: Okay, Mark, thank you for the first question. Let me talk about 2016 first. And it's true that the performance first half of the year was a good – actually a very good growth rate and a great performance. But we have all witnessed that there's great macroeconomic and political volatility over the course of the year. And we will see it in some of our geographies which are important for us. We will have elections in the U.S. We have seen the Brexit. And we have seen other events like Turkey for example, where we have to be cautious. And that's the reason why we reiterate our guidance and we believe we are on track to make it. But the volatility is certainly unprecedented. Talking about 2017, I can't talk in detail about 2017. I believe that needs some more time because we have first of all to finish 2016. But we will return and we are optimistic to return to our long-term guidance because what we see is actually a couple of things. First of all, we have an unprecedented pipeline strengths in terms of new molecules for Fragrances, for example. We see great progress in some of our other R&D platforms like modulation and naturals. And that will help us to gain share going forward. And that's the reason which makes me cautiously optimistic for the years to come.
Andreas Fibig: Mark, as you know, many of these deals are, let's say, opportunistic at the very end because you never know whether you'll get the asset you want. But I can reassure you that our M&A pipeline so far is pretty well filled. We have made great progress in identifying the right targets. And it might be a mix going forward in terms of bolt-ons and more bigger acquisition and we certainly as you have alluded have the fire power to do these kind of deals. So we are on a path and the good thing is the year's not closed.
Andreas Fibig: I'll probably take it. Lauren, first of all, it's Andreas, great question. In North America, we have actually seen good movements in some of the smaller accounts we are having. That's the reason why our IFF-Ottens has actually very, very good performance here. But we see a recovering of some of our bigger accounts as well. We have a better win rate. And we are cautiously optimistic for North America. But we have to take into consideration that the North America market as a market is not a high growth market. So we always have to take this into perspective.
Andreas Fibig: Silke, it's very early times for the new modulator, and we can't give you any specific guidance on that one. But we might come back when we see more, let's say, in-market sales here.
Andreas Fibig: Heidi, thank you for the question. It was basically Argentina for us which was really bad, and here I would say my interpretation is that there's a lot of changes in the policies as well in import and export and we will see how that straightens out over the course of the year. Actually on Brazil, in terms of the Fine Fragrances business, it was doing very, very well. So we can't see the weakness here. And we have another hope that we'll see Olympic Games probably using – people are using some more personal wash, but you never know. I'm sorry.
Andreas Fibig: So first of all, the business we have acquired here had already in the past a very solid track record. But what we see right now for us is that first of all the whole market has a higher growth rate than our core market, with probably 4.5%, which is basically double, almost double what we see in our core market. And then we see that we come up with good solutions which are really needed by the customers, plus we find new customers as well because – and that was the idea of the acquisition, that we can open some doors for the active cosmetic sales teams to make sure that we introduce them to some of our clients we have already for many, many years. So that's a classic top line synergy we are playing here.
Andreas Fibig: Look, Mike, we reiterate guidance here. That's where we stay, because you never know how things are playing out.
Andreas Fibig: Faiza, first of all, good morning. Unfortunately, I can't give you any more details on the core list. But it's a significant customer for us which is, I think, that's important to know, has a good volume. And what helped us here is certainly technology. So the technology we are providing to this specific customer has helped to gain access. The second one is certainly our, let's say, focus on the customer and being a partner of choice, as well to working with them very, very closely together in many, many areas, and that has helped us to gain access here.
Andreas Fibig: No, actually if you look at the two acquisitions, quite a different approach. On the active cosmetic ingredients, we were looking at an adjacent business to our Fragrance business and we entered into this business because we believe that we have great top line synergies here in terms of the customer coverage and we are playing in the premium segment of that market, which gives us an extra profitability and certainly a good growth as well. So that's important to understand. That was the reason why we ventured into that business. On the Flavors side, different approach because as we said and probably many of our competitors are telling you that as well is, that you see some of the smaller, mid-sized companies with higher growth rates and we needed kind of a differentiated service model for that part of the market as well. And that was the reason that we acquired Ottens, to use it as a platform in that segment because this way usually customers who were not reaching out as much as we would like to have it, and now we have the platform, we're filling the platform and we are pretty happy with it.
Andreas Fibig: So, Edlain, it's actually more a matter of time because you really have to work through the pipeline. You have to figure out what is the real value of these assets and do they make sense from a strategic point of view. So we are certainly not, let's say, under pressure here to do it. We're really taking our time to look at these assets and then make the call at the time as time is ready to do it.
Andreas Fibig: I actually believe in particular in the emerging markets it's temporary, because in the mid-term and long-term you will see still, let's say, very significant population growth and people are trending towards middle class, lower middle class. And these are all potential customers for our products. If you look at the numbers, for example Africa, Middle East is an area which is expanding double-digit for us and you will see a doubling of the population in Africa until 2050. So it will happen. We always see these kind of spikes or lambadas (44:10) going forward. And I'm actually very optimistic in a long way and said these will stay good growth areas for us. And the good thing was in IFF is as you might know is that we have 50% of all our business in the emerging markets and 50% individual markets and so that will help us when we see these markets returning to good growth here. Whether we will see like to see in a China again double-digit growth over years, I doubt it. But even if you see let's say 6% or 7% growth I think it's still a pretty significant one.
Alison A. Cornell: So, Lauren, it's Alison. So, first, while we had continued challenges in China, what we saw was growth in Indonesia, India, across Greater Asia. And that was a function of our technology, our delivery, so encapsulation, our delivery systems, very strong pipeline, strong win rate and so all those things are combining to deliver a strong performance despite our challenge in China. As we talked about China previously, we have taken corrective steps in China in terms of the odor-abatement issue as well as announcing our second factory in China. We've also modified our commercial strategy that we're targeting I'd say higher growing categories. As you know, in order to commercialize things in this space, it takes time. So, fortunately in the interim, we're experiencing strength in the other areas in – or the other geographic places across Greater Asia.
Alison A. Cornell: Yes, so there were, I'll say, several benefits. So we had first, starting with volume, so that was about 120 basis points. So it's cost productivity initiatives, another 120 basis points, and that was offset by other items like unfavorable price to input costs, higher incentive compensation, higher RSA and then slightly negative mix, but the biggest drivers from the favorability, volume and cost.
Alison A. Cornell: Yes, what you'll see, though, is it will be somewhat weaker in Q3 and that's relative to the timing of our cash flow hedge and then stronger in Q4.
Alison A. Cornell: Sure. So let me start with amortization expenses. So amortization expense in the quarter was $3.3 million. From a strategic investment perspective, that was $4.5 million or call it, three percentage points of growth. That splits $700,000 in Fragrances, $600,000 in Flavors, and then we had $3.2 million that's associated with cost and productivity initiatives. All of those initiatives are in line with our Vision 2020 strategy.
Alison A. Cornell: I would say it's consistent with the run rate, if not slightly higher. Again, what you'll see is in Q3 the timing of our – you'll see greater spending in Q3 associated with strategic initiatives and that's really just due to the timing of the projects versus Q4. So at a macro level, it's consistent with run rate but it does have a quarterly spread.
Alison A. Cornell: So, I think overall, we're going to see a slight recovery in the Flavors space, but from a Fragrance perspective, I'd say we remain cautious for the second half.
Alison A. Cornell: Yes, so I would say, Faiza, that we're tracking with our plan, both on the investment side as well as the fund the journey, productivity cost savings initiatives and so those are in line with our plan.
Alison A. Cornell: Sure. So organically in the second quarter we were flat in North America. Having said that, through the second half of the year, our organic business by itself, excluding Ottens Flavors, improve, and that was based on the pipeline, strong wins and so forth through the second half of the year.
