Andreas Fibig: Okay, Mark, absolutely. So, as you well know, we have faced a couple of challenges over 18 to 24 months largely in North America Flavors where we believe that we're over the volume erosion and we normalized to historical levels and we are stronger than we ever were in North America, which is important. We anticipate a return to growth in China Flavors where we had the issue with our manufacturing facility and we believe as well that the Fine Fragrances will return to modest growth, driven by strong new wins. So, all in all, I believe these factors are – if they turn out as we have them right now in the plan and we're optimistic they will, we will deliver on the growth rates. But probably Rich can talk a bit more about the composition of the sales.
Andreas Fibig: So, what we have seen, Lauren, this is Andreas. We have seen an improved commercial performance, which resulted into new wins as well. So, that's actually on a very, very high level right now on the Flavors side. So, that has helped us as well. Another factor, which is partially organic from this year onwards, partially not organic, is the companies we acquired like Ottens Flavors and David Michael, they have a bit of a higher organic growth rate than our core business. And with all the, let's say, improvements we are taking, the profitability will be good as well. So, these are, let's say, two extra engines for our Flavors business here as well, which will yield us some results. And now, the acquisitions are becoming a bit more of a bigger piece of our whole business that will help us going forward.
Andreas Fibig: So, first of all, let's start with the fundamentals, which is always, let's say, research and development and new molecules. We are on an all-time high in terms of coming out with new patent-protected molecules, which is actually a great progress. It's actually double the rate we had before. So, I think that's important. The encapsulation is helping us as well. That's the reason why Fabric is growing so well. And then, in our Fragrance business now, we have Lucas Meyer for the whole skin care and active cosmetics, which has per se a higher growth rate as well. So, that's helping us actually pretty much. So, we did an investment on a newer extension of our Singapore plant for encapsulation. So, that was something for business, which will come over the couple of the next years. So, all in all, there's optimism as well. And if you look at the whole business, the Consumer Fragrance still grow very strong business; Ingredients, and you know we talked about this for many, many quarters, is finally back and it's turning positive. The problem for us, let's face it, was Fine Fragrances, and that we have to fix, but there is nothing, let's say, structural, I would say, it's blocking and tackling to get this back on track.
Andreas Fibig: So, Faiza, I would say we are very well-placed in terms of innovation and because we put basically money behind the programs where we really think we can make a difference, as for example, modulation, encapsulation, even the active cosmetics because with some small acquisitions like Bio ForeXtra, we are really building a competitive advantage. And actually we have done quite a bit on CapEx investments in our facilities, not just in buildings, but in robotics for example, which help us actually to increase the output from our R&D labs quite significantly. So, if you're asking me whether we are well-positioned, I believe we are actually very well-positioned and we feel strong about the future.
Andreas Fibig: I would say as one final remark, Silke, is the business model is still intact. The only thing what has changed is the volatility in the environment. And with the action we are taking, we are taking care of the volatility because we are creating flexibility for ourselves to deal with that in a best possible way. So, that's how I would describe it.
Andreas Fibig: Well, Jonathan, I'm taking the broader, bigger question first. Indeed, we have seen a tightening of the regulatory environment across the globe. And I can tell you, the regulatory costs for the industry went up. I see it even in our own cost center here as well because we want to be best in class in regulatory because we believe it basically creates a competitive advantage. Let me explain. What we see in our industry is that some of the smaller companies have a hard time to catch up with the regulation and to invest as much as we do, which creates actually opportunities for us in the business and in the M&A space as well. So, I don't expect that the regulatory pressure will go down, probably not even in the U.S. despite the new President. We are actually prepared for a tough regulatory environment, and we believe it could create a competitive advantage for us as a company. So, that's number one. Number two, on the Flavors side, we have not seen too much cross-selling opportunities right now. It's too early. But this is exactly what we want. I'd give you just one idea here. We had just two weeks ago, the first sales meeting for the combined entity for the middle market, which is ex-David Michael's, ex-Ottens, the sales force, and they have their territories in place and they are now rolling. And now, we have basically a force for the big customers and a force for the smaller and mid-sized customers and I think you will see a lot of that because we can deliver now to the smaller customers, not just the service but we can deliver innovation as well and I believe that will create a great advantage for us.
Andreas Fibig: So, we're just getting ready for all the questions, Gunther, but let me get started. First of all, on the customer base, what we are seeing still kind of a 50:50 between globals and local and smaller customers. But it's a good question because with our exposure now in U.S., which is a big market or region to some of the smaller mid-sized customers that that might change over time because we see good growth rates here. On the commercial wins, we have seen a good and great performance, and we started well here as well. So, we see a continuation of what we have seen last quarter. I think that's really, really good as well. Raw materials, Rich, you take it.
Andreas Fibig: What you well know, Gunther, is that we are putting a particular emphasis on modulation. And what is really working very well at the moment is the sweetness modulation. Certainly, it's a sweet spot literally because many of our customers try to reduce sugar, and we have seen actually an unprecedented flow of wins coming in for that technology.
Andreas Fibig: We have good visibility in terms of the new wins, but you never know how the new wins play out in the marketplace. So, that's how we'll describe it.
Andreas Fibig: No. Actually, as you well know, the cost of M&A went up over the last couple of years, and it's getting a little harder to find good assets. What I have to say is the assets we have added in the last two years, we are very, very pleased with what we found in terms of the quality of the assets and what they do for us after we have integrated. So that's good. So that makes me optimistic actually looking forward that we may find some other assets here to add as well. We are constantly looking, but I can't be more specific on that one.
Andreas Fibig: Very good. And thank you very much for participation and the good questions. I would like to remind you that we have next week the CAGNY Conference on Thursday, it's a big IFF day, and you should not miss it.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah sure. And, Mark, I think when you look at the improvement and where we were in 2016 versus 2017, primarily – the primary growth and improvements of the, let's call it, the midpoint of that range is going to be volume. Pricing, there's a couple of different aspects going on there. We've still got some of the carryover impacts from the 2016, particularly on the Fragrance Ingredients side that's going to have a drag on it. On the other side, we're going to clearly have to have pricing, particularly in the Flavors business with what's going on with the input costs there. So, it's going to be substantially all that of the growth that we're projecting for 2017 is volume-driven. It's both wins and more stable – I'll call it more stable volume erosion with a slight impact on pricing.
Richard A. O’Leary: All right. So, again , from a pricing standpoint, it's not a significant amount. So, it's not significant on either direction. I think from a long-term profitability standpoint, I think you heard in Andreas' comments, 2017 puts us on the right trajectory, and I think we are confident on our long – as we exit 2017 and we deliver upon the results for 2017, we're going to be in a good position to deliver on our long-term profitability targets. And that's really how we're looking at the business. From there on, on a long-term basis, as the volatility stabilizes, we'll be in a better position to make choices on how much and where the investment opportunities are and how much falls to the bottom line and how much gets reinvested in the business.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. So, the first column of productivities, which is I think is the third column, is our normal ongoing productivity activities where we work through – it's our organic business. Most of that is productivity. When you take into account volume growth, net of input cost and pricing net of our ongoing cost increases for merit, carryover head count that's slightly favorable, the vast majority of that third column is our ongoing productivity initiative. The fourth column is really what we've talked about today in terms of long-term – the productivity improvement from the program from today. And that includes both the organic piece of that or the existing piece plus the value creation coming from the acquisitions.
Richard A. O’Leary: Lauren, let me just add one thing. From a profitability standpoint, I think the other thing is a favorable mix. We started the year in the Flavors business with a weaker sales mix. We ended the year with a stronger sales mix. So, that's another factor that contributed to the fourth quarter performance.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. I mean, out of the overall productivity program that we've announced, it combines both factors, right. It's looking at our existing structure, streamlining our organization, doing things more efficiently, standardizing it. And the other part is accelerating the benefits coming from the recent acquisitions. I'm not going to get in – we still have a lot of work to be done in terms of where the specifics come from, but there's a lot of logical opportunities that when you look across the footprint that we will take advantage of where it makes sense to do that. Both of the businesses provide tremendous opportunity, particularly in the local and regional customers, and we want to be able to continue to maximize that. But there's opportunities in some of the procurement and some other activities which we are able to leverage in while continuing to grow the business.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. Faiza, I mean, from my perspective, I think two comments. One, I'd say, again, the intent of this program is to ensure that we're competitive and we drive improved results after a challenging 2016. I think as the benefits associated with these programs take hold in both 2017 and 2018, it gives us the flexibility to then selectively go back and reinvest and increase our investments in the highest opportunity and highest probability activities, and we'll look at that during the course of 2017 and 2018. And, as I said earlier, we'll manage that dynamic between bottom line and growth opportunities on a case by case basis. In regards to cash flows, CapEx, as I said, 2016 was about 4%. I see 2017, 2018 being the peaks of probably 5% of sales for those two years as we get to the last legs of some these investments, particularly in Greater Asia and then trending down towards, I will call it, a 3.5% level, which I considered a long-term level that's sufficient to support the business, but we'll start trending down off of that number.
Richard A. O’Leary: It's about – I think it's about two-thirds of that is people-related costs. The other third of it is facility-related and integration-related activities and support activities. I think the bulk of those amounts will be paid out in 2017. There may be a small amount of carryover into 2018 more on the facility side, but I think the bulk of that will be paid out this year.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. So, I mean, if you take the $40 million to $45 million, it's about 7%, right? So, we've said it's about 4 percentage points to 4.5 percentage points. The bulk of the remaining amount will come in 2018. There may be a small amount, again, mostly facility-related or footprint-related is the way I would call it. That's the better way to think about it. That may spill over into 2018. But the bulk of it – the vast majority of the remaining savings, we should see in 2018.
Richard A. O’Leary: Off the top of my head, I'm going to have to get back to you. If you're trying to get to a question around the...
Richard A. O’Leary: We've taken a look at it. And based on, I'm going to call it, the Congressional plan, and I would say that – when you look at both materials and services, it's basically a negligible event for IFF just based on our current estimates. Again, a lot depends upon where the legislation comes out. But if you look at the overall portfolio, it would be basically breakeven to slightly positive. I mean, slightly positive.
Richard A. O’Leary: I don't want to give you a percentage because I got to look back over the specifics to North America. I looked at the values of what we sell out – what we export. I looked at the values of what we import. And again, when you add all that up, plus our service fees around the world, it's a net to slightly favorable.
Richard A. O’Leary: For me, Silke, the fundamentals of the business are still quite strong and we believe strongly in the fundamentals of the business. There's no doubt that 2016 was a challenging year. As you said, the fundamentals when we're growing mid single-digits between 4% and 6%, particularly when you go up on [higher-end range], the leverage in the business is tremendous. But when we're growing 2.5% – between 2% and 3% on an organic basis, the opposite happens. And so, I think when I look at 2016 and we have an incentive comp reset that we've highlighted. If you take that out and you say all else is equal, then there's pretty good – I consider very good profit growth, if we have a stable environment going forward. So, I think I feel confident that, as we said in the call earlier, both myself and Andreas, we feel confident that we can – our long-range targets are still achievable, particularly as we get traction and fully realize the benefits associated with the programs that we've discussed today.
Richard A. O’Leary: No. John, I mean, I think you've highlighted where the pressures are in citrus, in vanilla and some of the naturals. I think when I look at 2016 as an example, input costs were basically up slightly but very negligibly. So, it's more around what's going around those specific buckets that's what's driving the upward pressure. But there's nothing significant that's going the other way.
Richard A. O’Leary: I don't know if I would characterize an acceleration. I mean, to me, it's a constant part of our business that it helps us manage our relationship with each of the customers where we help them and they help us deal with these pressures on both sides. And probably the one exception is vanilla where it's gone so much in such a relatively short period of time that those are where a lot of the customers are looking for other alternatives.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. I mean, one additional comment on the Flavors growth, I mean, that as you said, wins are solid where we want them to be. Volume erosion, as I alluded to in my comments, was better than what it had been, and so it was stronger than the long-term average. So, volume erosion was better in Q4. That's obviously and clearly one of the most volatile components of our business. And so, that's one of the factors to keep in mind for Q4. In terms of raw materials, I think it's more on the – as we've talked about, it's more on the natural side, particularly on the Flavors business where we see more of the focus and more of the demand on that is on the Flavors side.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. I think it will accelerate as we go through the year. I think the bulk of the benefits associated with the position-related asset savings and people-related costs are going to be Q2, Q3. There'll be a piece that – but I think the bulk of that will probably in those two periods. I think the footprint type of benefits are really going to take longer. That involves us figuring out where the right locations are and how do we best optimize the footprint. So that's the part that more drags into and has a bigger component that's going into 2018 versus 2017.
Richard A. O’Leary: Okay. Yeah. Sure. I mean, I think several comments to that question. One, I think we're still, as I mentioned on the third quarter call, I mean, the pressures that we're seeing that are related to Brazil, Latin America as well as the customers working out their portfolio, we still expect that to continue in the near term. Also, keep in mind that Q1 was a very strong quarter last year. So, from a comparable standpoint, it's going to be our most challenging quarter. I think for the full year, we expect, as Andreas commented earlier – I think for the full year, we expect it to be – I'm not going to call it a strong growth engine, but it's going to be positive as opposed to a significant tailwind in the past. So, I think it will improve – not tailwind, headwind. The improvement will come later in the year. Q1 will be challenging.
Richard A. O’Leary: Yeah. So, the pipeline and wins are – we feel very good about the pipeline and wins. It's the timing of when those things actually get launched by our customers that we still have to work through.
Richard A. O’Leary: Again, I think what I can tell you is, from my perspective, we have to wait a bit – I mean, the customers – the two big customers have to work out the inventories and make those decisions, so we're on hold. We know that they've been bringing down inventories and that's been a significant drag in terms of volume erosion. I think we feel Latin America is getting a bit better, but I'm not going to consider it a huge opportunity. So, I think we're expecting improvement, as you said, as we get to the latter part of this year.
