Thomas Rutledge: As I said in my remarks, it probably isn’t any time issue. We are doing experiments with the capability of moving traffic in an efficient way where it’s economically viable to do so, which means that whatever capital investment we would make would be offset by a reduction in MVNO cost and therefore would be a higher return than we would do – we would get by just spending MVNO cost. So it’s really at least by build analysis. So from a technical point of view there are multiple spectrum opportunities, some of which are free and some of which are licensed. CBRS is what we’re experimenting in and that will be available to us at no cost, at least part of it will be. And we also continue to develop WiFi and WiFi capabilities. And so there are a mix of WiFi licensed and unlicensed opportunities and they can be used in different locations. We look at really sort of three physical infrastructure zones; one is the home, one is on the physical plant and the other is potentially macro-tower type spectrum capabilities. We think that the most significant opportunity maybe on our strand, but we haven’t completed any of the experiments yet and we haven’t decided to deploy any capital, but that’s the opportunity.
Thomas Rutledge: I think it was John Hodulik. If John’s not there, maybe we’ll move on to the next one and come back to John please.
Thomas Rutledge: It’s clearly underpenetrated relative to residential too and therefore you would think that it has a number of years of growth in front of it.
Thomas Rutledge: Just on the [ph] cost to serve, I do think it’s a bigger opportunity than we might have thought a few years ago. And the result – we always had a plan to have a little cost to serve by improving wages, improving the quality of every service transaction we do and improving the skills of the people and the tools and the equipment that they have so that our customer life was extended through customer satisfaction. And that in itself reduces activity in the business. A lower churn business cost less to operate than a higher churn business. And the way to get there is actually to spend more per transaction would make the transaction a higher quality transaction. And so our transaction volume is rapidly declining and it’s declining both because customer satisfaction has improved but also because we are having less service activity because we operate better which in itself is virtuous and that is also improves satisfaction. So that was always in our thinking and in our planning and why we did the integration the way we did it. But we’re getting a digital good guy as well in terms of self-service capabilities, our ability to direct ship customers’ equipment, have them self-install that equipment, self provision that equipment, all of that upside from a digital economy perspective is really sort of fortuitous for us in the sense that it wasn’t really in our operating planning model.
Thomas Rutledge: So, Ben, I’ll do the 10G question. Chris can talk about our year-over-year comps. The 10G notion is really connected to what we just accomplished in going to 1 gig and it’s the capability of a relatively inexpensive upgrade to our physical infrastructure and to provide a whole new level of service. And 10G is a set of specifications that we’ve actually completed at CableLabs for the whole traditional cable TV broadband industry that creates a technical pathway to upgrade plant at reasonable costs to 10 gigs symmetrical service. And it will ultimately allow us to have 10 gig wireless service. In fact all the devices we anticipate in the future being connected to our network will most likely be wireless products. And so 10G is a set of specifications that take us to a new platform. And we can build that platform incrementally through time going to 3G or 5G or 10G and actually a whole new set of specs are being developed to go to 25 gig capability and we’ve been able to expand realistically through testing and specifications the capacity to our network by 4x. So we’re 750 megahertz capacity platforms today but we can see ourselves going to 3 gigabit capability in terms of breadth spectrum available in our infrastructure. So it’s really designed as a notion to show that we have a great infrastructure platform that we can build new infrastructure platform capabilities on top of what we already have at low incremental costs and create new industries. Now I don’t know who needs 10 gig symmetrical today, but that probably means that we have a very high compute low latency, high capacity network. And what are the services that require that gaining new forms of entertainment that are very immersive and new forms of education in medicine that are very immersive. And we think we are the platform of choice for the development of those future products.
Thomas Rutledge: Well, yes. We still think we’re underpenetrated both in residential and in commercial and we think that there’s a lot of opportunity for growth with superior products and high quality products and superior service and pricing impacting of those products. And our primary objective to grow market share through quality and we think there’s lots of upside.
Thomas Rutledge: So, Bryan, I think that the competitive environment hasn’t changed significantly. This year it’s still very competitive. And what we’re doing is improving our own products and the way we operate. And I think the change in our growth rate is primarily because of things we’re doing not because of the way the marketplace is behaving.
Thomas Rutledge: The video business has its challenges. We’ve talked about a lot over the last several years and we’ve said we’re sort of financially indifferent to what’s going on in the video business, but we still believe that video is an attractive product that we should sell it and it should be integral to our product and helps drive our core relationships. All the trends in video that have been going on continue to go on and the issues that are knocking video growth down are the price of the big bundle and the security of the big bundle and it’s easy to get with password sharing and we still think a high priced, easy to get for free service is a hard thing to sell off. And that we continue to develop new video products and we’re trying to serve the whole marketplace and be available as a video provider with high quality integrated video service for all the customers that want to buy that service from us. So where we stand in the continuum and what our operational issues are as we begin to emphasize mobile in our packaging? Yes, those things have small effects on the general performance of the company and they probably do on our video game, but the macro trends I think are that video is going to decline and the question is how fast. And I think with satellite declining at the rate it is but there are opportunities for us to convert those customers into our customers along with making them our broadband customers. And so we still think that video is a driver for us in terms of customer creation. But it’s prioritized in our internal operational tactics appropriately based on everything I just said.
Thomas Rutledge: I wouldn’t say it takes a precedent but mobile has its own – we’re still ramping mobile into our operation. And we’re changing the nature of our triple play and the price value relationship of our triple play as a result of mobile. And it impacts the overall performance of the individual components. But video is important to us and mobile’s important to us. But they’re important really as drivers of the whole relationship. And so I wouldn’t prioritize one over the other.
Thomas Rutledge: Well, Jason, we’re down the road with our own user interface but we have a good relationship with Comcast and we’ve had discussions with them about licensing their X1 platform and their new IP video platform. And if we can make that the best platform for us, we’d certainly be willing to do that and we think they’d be a great provider. To-date, we haven’t and we like our own UI and we like having our ability to change that UI at the pace we want to change it and to make it reflect our marketing strategy consistent to the extent we’re different than Comcast or anyone else out there. We want to be able to continue to have that capability. So if we can sort of check all the boxes in terms of having complete flexibility and low cost, we could become a vendor of Comcast in terms of our platform. To-date, we haven’t been able to do that.
Christopher Winfrey: Vijay, on the working capital question taking a step back and a growing cable business because it has longer DPO than DSO should actually contribute cash to working capital. And so since we’re in the cable business, we expect over the longer term and full year cycles to actually generate cash flow from working capital. That wasn’t the case in Q1 as we had a big step down in our capital expenditure, a big step down in our payables and accruals related to that. And so you have the one-time hit associated with unwinding that CapEx cycle. We also had the one-time benefit on the windup if you look back in 2016 and 2017, we actually generated $2 billion of cash flow from working capital some of which was permanent due to balance sheet management practices, some of it was simply just by stepping up the level of capital expenditure through the integration. But now that we’re done through that, it doesn’t mean that quarters won’t have seasonality. They do. There’s large seasonality in cable inside the quarters, but the seasonality will start to look a little bit more normal like it has in the past beginning into Q2. We’re still making some minor changes inside the business that could have small impacts. I’ll give you one example. In a business of this size we’re collecting well over $100 million a day for customer receipt. So how you end the quarter, whether it’s on a weekend or not can have a bit impact one year or for another. But all that aside, the normal seasonality should start to look the same really from Q2 going forward. And when you get into 2020 in the cable side of the business, working capital to the extent we’re growing should actually be neutral if not actually creating cash flow to free cash flow. That doesn’t include mobile and mobile’s a function of how faster you’re growing your devices. And the amount of payments that you’re receiving on these devices that we’re financing is also a function of how much BYOD that you’re taking on. Clearly bring-your-own-device not only makes it easier for consumers and makes it easier to point of sale, but it also reduces the load on us to have to go finance the device for that customer. And so we’re pretty excited about BYOD being introduced. But if you’re stepping up the amount of gross additions and some of that is including EIP type device financing, there’s going to be a short-term pressure on working capital which relates to mobile. It’s not a question of value. You get the money back over time. It’s just a question of timing.
Christopher Winfrey: So the comments that we’re making about the ability to improve the economics of the mobile business really would be opportunities. We expect Spectrum Mobile to be profitable on a standalone basis without considering any of the benefits to cable and under the existing arrangement that we have with Verizon which we quite like. We expect that all to be profitable on a standalone basis and to add value to cable. So some of the opportunities that we’ve been talking about would be opportunities to make it even more profitable, maybe even faster and to create a unique product out there that doesn’t exist today. But as Tom mentioned, we’re traveling trialing all of that. We’ve got trials all across the country with different versions of Spectrum; fixed, mobile, et cetera. And we’re working with Dual SIM. But it’s probably not a 2019 event. So when I talk about profitability of the business, it’s sort of the agreement we have, the relationship we have that’s extremely well. We expect mobile to be profitable on a standalone basis with or without any of those opportunities.
Christopher Winfrey: Yes, and we think it’s very accretive to Verizon over time as well. As it relates to longer-term CapEx guidance, we haven’t given any and we’re not known for doing that either. But what I would tell you is that the capital expenditure for cable as a percentage of revenue, we don’t see anything on the horizon that doesn’t cause it to continue to decline in capital intensity as a percentage of revenue. All of that comes about because the CPE environment has gotten much more efficient, meaning we need less of it particularly on video. A lot of that is because the integration capital is now largely behind us and because the video product which has lower set-top boxes for traditional video household and we have streaming products and we just populated in our entire base of customers with new brand new CPE that has DOCSIS capabilities means that the intensity of that is going to decline. So could it get into the low-double digits? For sure and I think that’s what our plans internally contemplate. I will tell you, Craig, you think about this a lot, cable has the ability to continue to invent new products. And so we’ll work our way down on cable intensity, but there’s probably revenue streams out there that nobody is modeling today that nobody’s thought of today that’s aren’t in their own business plans today and that’s been the opportunity in cable really for decades and I don’t think that goes away either.
Christopher Winfrey: The losses is a trickier question because it depends on how fast you’re growing. And so to the extent that you’re growing fast in any subscription business that’s coming from the standing start, you’re going to have more EBITDA losses. So I don’t want to sit here today and forecast which I could from an economic standpoint. If we were at a standstill, we weren’t throwing. Then the answer to your question would be yes. 2020 will be a better year. But we actually have to grow faster and so that may put more sales and marketing pressure on sat [ph] and the ability to go acquire customers. As it relates to CapEx, the bulk of the capital expenditure should be through this year maybe a little bit bleeding into next year as we finish our retail footprint. That’s our base plan. That’s the agreement that we have with Verizon. To the extent there are opportunities to build on wireless to have a clear payback and an ROI to expand our fixed line network, our WiFi network to move into small cells, to the extent that comes about we’ll articulate it really clear and there may be an investment if we end up doing that there to be tied to an ROI and a payback as well as just on the cost side. And then to the extent you get a unique product, clearly you have revenue synergies from that as well.
Christopher Winfrey: There’s a lot in there. In SMB, clearly our goal is to continue to grow at those type of rates for SMB as the business gets larger, a lot of percentage just means that it’s a little bit harder to do. But whether it’s high-single digit or low-double digit, I think our view is that the SMB market is underpenetrated by us and that we’ve converted a lot of value there.
Christopher Winfrey: I agree. And in terms of the timing of when the revenue growth rate, you’ve got a pretty clear grasp now if you take a look at the year-over-year growth rates when it bottomed out and how it’s accelerating. These are – unlike the residential business, it doesn’t move as fast and migrate as fast as the residential business in the business space. But it’s happening and revenue growth is accelerating. Do we think that it will be all the way back up by the end of this year to the revenue growth rate is the same as our unit growth rates, probably not but probably closer. And then as you look into 2020, you may have [Technical Difficulty] and it starts to look more like your customer growth rate and then maybe pricing opportunities as well in that space over time. Enterprise is another extension of that. It’s even longer to work your way through that. And so I don’t know if we’re at the trough or approaching the trough right now in the enterprise, but we think it will go through a similar cycle. Those customers are longer-term contracts. And then in the – and that business is growing at 11% PSU growth rate, our actual fiber – the core of that business fiber connectivity is growing at a much faster pace than even that 11%. Your question about the economics, the SMB economics when you think about a ROI or payback model looks a lot like the residential space. It’s a high transaction business. It just has higher ARPUs and it has a lower term rate, but it has a lower upfront cost, all of which means your payback is kind of inflated on every single one of the revenue cost and recurring and upfront metrics. Enterprise, a highly accretive business and it has a multiyear payback because of the upfront construction cost, in many cases to the extent you’re having to put in brand new fiber. But it has a much higher operating margin than --
Christopher Winfrey: That’s right. And so what that means is that you end up with a multiyear payback as opposed to 18 months payback. As a result, you end up with physical network infrastructure going into building that allows the acquisition of the next customer to be acquired at a higher ROI and a better payback.
Christopher Winfrey: On the cost to service you mentioned – well, we have several things going on. One is lower bad debt and I talked about that in the prior remarks. The second is that the integration – customer-facing integration is behind us where our calls are coming down, truck rolls are coming down, churn is coming down and we think those are still early innings in terms of the momentum that we’re creating there. Tom’s often talked about our move towards self installation and online service and the amount of cost that that can take out of the business. So I think there’s a long runway for continued productivity. And when I say productivity, keep in mind that our customer relationship growth rate is pretty much 4%. And to the extent that you have cost to service customers going down by 1.7%, it’s close to 6% of productivity despite the fact that you have your wage increases. It’s very large in that size of the business. And can it continue at that same rate? I don’t know but I think it’s going to continue to get better and better on a per customer relationship basis. And the only caveat I’d give to that is we have sales and marketing costs which are separate. Clearly we have accelerated growth, you’re going to see sales and marketing start to move as well. But when you have brand new customers, the cost of provision to move those over the existing cost to service, so to the extent you have a new – higher base of newly acquired customers in a growth environment that has a negative impact on your cost to serve. So you’re going to see some of that cost to serve based on our gross adds acceleration to the extent that’s taking place. Your second question was around enterprise. We look at all different opportunities of what to do. Navisite was an asset that was acquired by TWC, I don’t know [indiscernible] at least. But we don’t really comment on M&A as it relates to the different assets that we have.
Christopher Winfrey: So, Ben, that was the longer-term outlook and clearly if you take a look at the results in the past couple of quarters, we have momentum and we had a strong quarter in customer relationship and Internet net adds. They improved meaningfully year-over-year. In part that was driven as you mentioned by the high level of integration activity and disruption that we have and much of which we planned for in 2018. So in the shorter term, our goal is to accelerate relationships and financial growth in 2019. But as you think about the rest of the year, keep in mind that the 2018 quarters were less impacted by integration activity as the year progressed. And so to your point, does that mean it becomes a slightly more difficult comp over the year? Yes, but we also have the benefit of the changes that we have made, the momentum that we’re creating that clearly Q1 we had a strong quarter in our goals to continue to get better throughout the year and longer term for all the reasons that Tom mentioned.
Christopher Winfrey: And on margin, there’s seasonality each year inside of cable business based on the quarterly connects. So if you think about Q2, it’s a heavy disconnect quarter; Q3 is a heavy connect quarter. Both of those have been impacting margins, but that’s the same year-over-year. The only thing that was unique inside of Q1 this year, we had I mentioned as we think about future quarters programming costs, we had a small benefit that wasn’t particularly large but a small benefit in programming. And the comments I made about our expectations for programming for this year would be in mid-single digits or close to that 4%. It’s a pretty small difference but that’s the only thing that was inside the quarter that I would highlight in that respect. The business is getting more efficient for all the reasons that we talked about earlier on the cost to serve primarily.
Christopher Winfrey: So on profitability, all-in taxes and fees was something that had always been our objective here, so it was always part of the plan. It wasn’t really a new idea [indiscernible] operation to be able to implement it. So if you’re thinking about our pricing at $14 per gig and $45 for unlimited, it had always been in our thinking that that would be ultimately rolled out to both existing and new customers as outlined. So it’s always been inside of our financial plans. It is reflected similar to our voice product, our fixed line voice, wireline voice that we have today. It runs with a similar type strategy as does all of our – for the most part our other products as well to be counted as a contra revenue. And if you think about mobile revenue today, in the quarter we had $140 million of total mobile revenue, up from which a $116 million was device revenue. So from a run rate impact of what we had just implemented to the existing base subscribers, not particularly material and on a go-forward basis it was always in our plans. And we think it’s actually helpful to distinguish ourselves from the marketplace relative to others. On the buybacks, we don’t give guidance on buybacks. And the reason we don’t give guidance on buybacks is because we don’t want to put a number out there that suddenly becomes an artificial target. And then to the extent an opportunity comes along that’s a better investment profile to use that cash to then turn around and bleeds us just by the guidance that you gave yourself is a tough place to be in. We don’t think it’s the most value enhancing way for creating value for shareholders. But I would tell you inside the first quarter if you think about both the mobile investment that we’re making as well more importantly the working capital that we had on the cable side of the business in Q1 and the overall leverage target and guidance that we’ve provided, it’s really those factors that drove the amount of buybacks that we did inside the first quarter, and the lack of a better place to put the capital in that particular quarter.
