Chris Winfrey: So maybe I'll start with business. And then I take - Tom cover wireless. The - on the business service segment, you have to really distinguish between SMB and enterprise. So I'll start with what we're seeing in SMB and then with enterprise. And for SMB, as businesses recover, new businesses open and the share flow opportunity for us is growing, and you see us returning to higher growth rates. And at the same time, most of the repricing in the SMB space at the legacy TWC base is behind us with the exception of the voice product. So it's largely behind. So what you're seeing is accelerating net add growth accompanied by less price pressure, which is resulting in accelerating sequential revenue growth in SMB. And we're steadily marching down a path to continue to go higher on both. And I think the runway for us on SMB continues to be very long, even though we're - we have a meaningful percentage and participation in that marketplace. On the enterprise side, we're lower penetrated, and our value-added opportunity is due to our significant amount of deployed fiber throughout our footprint to be able to drive connectivity services, as well as software-defined network overlay products, including SD-WAN, Unified Communications. And so our opportunity there is not only to provide more fiber connectivity, but to establish ourselves in the marketplace for these additional services and increase the stickiness of our fiber connectivity with additional product, and we're early on in that. That marketplace had really slowed down significantly during COVID. And our selling activity is back and above 2019 levels, despite the fact that certain key markets of ours, L.A., New York City, are not back to where they were. So despite that, we're above where we were in 2019, both from a units, as well as our revenue takeout on selling. What you're not seeing is the full impact of that yet inside of our revenue for enterprise because those sales have long time to installation and therefore, revenue conversion into billing. So our outlook on that is pretty strong. It's going to continue slowly, but continually get better and better in the enterprise space. But we're optimistic about both SMB and enterprise. And I think we can be a share taker there for many years to come.
Chris Winfrey: So I'll start off and let Tom add into it. I don't think it's going to be - one, we haven't announced a definitive plan as of yet to if and when we're moving into a high split territory. It's not going be like you're going to flip the switch nationally, you'll start off market-by-market. And it's not going to be heavy inside of this year in any event. So I don't think it's going to have any material impact to our CapEx this year. As you look out over a 5, 6-year period, really what you would be doing is using high split to replace augmentation that you'd be doing otherwise to increase the capacity of our network. And so when you look at it over a 5 to 6-year time period, it would be at very low, if any, incremental cost. There may be pockets in that 5 to 6-year window where you'd be doing effectively capital pull forward. And I'd like to use the word lumpiness you might have in some of your capital expenditure. But we're going to do what's right. And if we can move fast and get additional augmentation and capacity, we'd do it. But I don't see a material impact this year and over 5 to 6-year period. I don't think it changes the trajectory of our investment cycle. It give us additional capabilities, additional speeds at a lower cost than what we'd otherwise incur.
Chris Winfrey: Sure. I'll take a crack at both of those, and then Tom may want to add additional. And on the wireless selling, so we're - the answer is no, we're not going to give you the percentage of selling for obvious competitive reasons, but I can provide some color on it. We're essentially selling through all of our channels. It is a focus we have to make sure that on every conversation that we have inside of our selling channels that we're bringing up the conversation to how we can save customers money if they take mobile with us. Our sales success rate, our compliance for that conversation taking place and the sales success rate is going up. And what happened inside of Q2 and also inside of Q1 is we just have less selling opportunities, but our success rate in selling in is going up on the steady march across all of those channels, which includes retention, by the way. So in all of our sales channels, and we're using it as a retention tool as well. Customers call in and want to save money. This is a great way to save hundreds and even thousands of dollars a year for a customer by taking your mobile product. So it's working well, and we have a lot of confidence that it's going to keep on increasing. And as soon as the market flow opens back up in terms of selling opportunities, I think we're well positioned. And the Q3 broadband, I don't expect EBB to have any negative impact on us in Q3. The customers that were protected from the state mandate perspective, we've already - inside of our Q2 results, it was small, but we've written off a portion of their balances. We're working with those customers. We've been successful in keeping those customers, those type of customers to the Keep Americans Connected programs. We'd want those customers to stay with us, and we're working with them to make sure that takes place. And it's worked in the past, and I don't expect any major impact there. I guess the only thing that I would say and - well, two things I would say about Q3, and not so much even Q3 is just when you think about the coming quarters. Q2 2019 wasn't our strongest quarter. So we've really outpaced that this quarter versus 2019. And I think Q3 2019 was better than Q2 2019. So I'd just caution not to get over your SKUs [ph] on relative expansion of net adds and comparison to 2019. And there will be a moment where - we were just talking about it yesterday. There will be a moment where there's dislocation where the market churn picks up, your sales should pick up. And so there's always this question of does the timing line up exactly right. As a share taker over a period of time, that means we're going to have higher sales and we're going to have higher net adds. But in order to get there, the market churn rate has to pick up. And there's a timing question of does it all flow through inside of the quarter the way they think it should. And so I - what we always say, I wouldn't pay too much attention to a particular quarter. Our growth rate is good. It's going to continue to be good, and we tend to look over longer periods of time, as opposed to just a particular quarter.
Chris Winfrey: And I'd just add, since you asked the question, is it - are there financial decisions driving how aggressive we are is the essence of what you're asking, the answer is no. We have a lot of confidence. We know what the economics are. They're very good of what we're doing. And overtime, it's not a short term financially driven decision in terms of how we deploy those channels.
Chris Winfrey: Look, I don't think ever want to go down the heavy path of the intra-quarter trajectory. SMB has been steadily improving each quarter. You can see it in our results. Enterprise, clearly, as more businesses become occupied, which is still relatively low, the selling opportunity for us increases and the willingness for people to take decisions on their IT network, including our services increases. So a lot of that's really been moving with COVID and in office occupancy as people are making decisions, and that's going to continue to - that has been improving steadily. And - but for what you're seeing in newspaper, I think we'll continue to steadily improve. So enterprise selling opportunities should continue to get better. Your question - go ahead.
Chris Winfrey: On the CapEx side, the stores that we plan to roll out will be largely completed this year. Some of that's going to roll little bit into next year. And then we have another investment decision to make of how we're deeply penetrated in the market we want to go, we've not made that decision yet. We'll take a similar ROI approach to how we deal with that in stores, but our original plan will be complete, largely end of this year as Tom said, and maybe a little carryover into next year. You rightfully point out that we'll be stepping up the CBRS investment. And could that take the place of store capital? Yes, but not into perpetuity, I think. So it may have been you who published.
Chris Winfrey: It's not the way that all we think about. It just happens to be some coincidence. But I think you had [indiscernible] published a number that was relatively high for what we would spend on – that number that NBC told to me is a multibillion dollar number, and that's way more than what this project is going to cost. And that will be ROI-based. We don't have a specific time line other than we'll roll out market-by-market based on where we have the best ROI to achieve that. But the capital spending is - it's large. But in the overall context of Charter, it's not that big.
Chris Winfrey: On the margin, I think you know us well enough, John, that we don't think about the business in terms of percentage margin terms. It doesn't drive how we do investment planning or operating plans or budgets. But the part of your question is, are we going to continue to get more efficient? And the answer is yes. I mean, you have double-digit percentage increases in the number of trouble calls and service calls per customer relationship year-over-year, and that continues. It has a long runway. I think the bigger driver for consolidated margin really is much more about revenue mix. So if you think about what we're doing, we're adding mobile in, which has a positive EBITDA on the increment, but it has a lower structural percentage margin, if you think about it that way. We use video and mobile to drive higher attach rates for broadband, which is a high growth margin. We use it to drive higher retention of broadband. So we use lower stand-alone margin products to drive higher-margin acquisition and retention. And at the end of the day, that's not at all how we think about the mix. What we're thinking about is how can we create the most value in the household to drive the most products going in that gets the most EBITDA and the most cash flow per household. And so you could have a low revenue business with a high percentage margin and have this victory lap of high percentage margin, but you could have lower EBITDA and lower cash flow per household, and that's not the model that we deploy. So we're looking to put as much product in much value and to get as much EBITDA and cash flow out of the household by providing products that - and packages that our customers can't replicate and make it easy to - for customers to stay with us for a long period of time. So I don't want to give a guidance on where margin is going, other than it's going to be much more of a function of our lower video losses, continued growth in mobile, continued growth in Internet, which goes the opposite direction. But the biggest thing to focus on us is free cash flow and free cash flow per share.
Chris Winfrey: Sure. And the cost commentary, if you go back after the call, take a look at the prepared remarks, what I was trying to make clear is as the - as churn returns into the marketplace, that will give us better selling opportunities, which should ultimately lead to net adds. Some of that will be timing driven, but - as I talked about earlier. But it's going to increase our sales commissions. It's going to increase the number of installations that we do, which has OpEx into, a lesser extent, CapEx. And it will increase the number of newer tenured customers who tend to call more frequently at the beginning. So operating cost and a higher transaction environment and higher churn environment move up. And in some sense, that's what we're hoping for is that we'll have OpEx pressure because our sales will be accelerating and our net adds would be higher, and it's not in the environment that we've been in the first half. And so we'll just do a good job of explaining that as it's taking place. But we've been trying to condition people from that environment since the beginning of the year, and it's happening later than we expected and may continue to push out. The other item that in the cost category of the bad debt, which goes along if you're non-pay. And it also attaches to - it's driven as well by people just moving and term [ph] generally. And the CapEx is less impacted. From a volume standpoint, yes, you'll have a little bit more CP purchase. You'll have a little bit more capitalized install, but it doesn't move around quite as rapidly in that environment as you'd see in OpEx. On share repurchase, we've been targeting a leverage to be at the mid to high end of our target leverage range. And so the buybacks, we think about the long-term value of Charter, and we think it's high. And so really, when we look at buybacks, it's more about the target leverage range target, as opposed to trying to be opportunistic for not day triggers. We have a good long-term view on the value of Charter. And so our buyback is much more informed [ph] by the target leverage, target leverage where we expect to be at the end of the year.
Chris Winfrey: And I'll take the advertising question and then add, if needed. The - David Klein appreciates your complement to the industry-leading, I'm sure, Jessica. But the driver here is we've really had an enhanced ability to sell the long-tail inventory and be able to monetize what was previously not utilized. And we have a tool that's called Audience App. Because we have all of the set-top box data in an aggregated anonymized way for all of our customer base. We have the ability to present that to buyers of advertising and sell the long-tail inventory in a way that you were never able to do because Nielsen doesn't go very deep. And so we can sell that on a zone basis. We can sell it on a split-avail basis, addressable. And we can really effectively guarantee a buyer impressions across not just the traditional set-top box base, but clearly, through the increasing amount of IP-based viewing that we have off a Spectrum TV app, which is on Apple TV, on Roku and Samsung TV and all these other devices, iOS devices, Android and really monetize those impressions and monetize the set-top box inventory in a very similar way. So I do think that we're leading the charge of moving the entire advertising space to an impression-based viewing and being able to show it to the buyer where across all of the different channels that they can get placement and to be able to validate and verify on the back end that those eyeballs were actually captured and that they had a good return. We've also been investing in addition to more forward thinking areas like addressability which we're selling, split avails, which we have capabilities on, but also moving into using everything that I just described before, moving into attribution as well. And that's the Holy Grail here of being able to sell and then to go back and - or take a lead to the customer what exactly it drove in terms of sales for them. So we have a fully - full set of advertising capabilities that we offer to a client, super local when needed, addressable when needed. And we do it in traditional set-top box impression-based viewing and digital, which we sell as well. So despite the fact that the local ad sales market isn't all the way back, it's actually down relative to 2019. Certain segments like auto aren't performing as well because they don't have a lot of inventory. But despite that, our overall ad sales are up versus 2019, primarily driven by all the different capabilities that I described and the ability to make use of inventory that wasn't previously monetized.
Chris Winfrey: I think you went soft, but I think you asked if we could license that across the industry. We're always open to revenue opportunities.
Tom Rutledge: Yeah. And Craig, with regard to CBRS and offload, we have our first infrastructure project that we're building that will use CBRS that won't be active until early next year. And I don't anticipate any meaningful national offload until beginning in '23. But that said, we - it is a long-term opportunity, and we're a nascent player in the mobile space and just beginning our acceleration. And we're incented to move significant amounts of traffic onto our own network, and we already do through our Wi-Fi network, which we can also optimize for traffic flow going forward. And we can do the same with CBRS and potentially other parties as well. So we have a opportunity to continuously lower our cost going forward and to - even if we were not using CBRS, we have an opportunity just through our volume of activity to continuously move down the price curve. So we're optimistic about our ability to grow our mobile business and at the same time, take costs out of our mobile business as it grows. And there are a variety of tools, including CBRS, that allow us to do that. But I would say that, without giving you an exact number, it would be material.
Tom Rutledge: The only thing I would add is the one thing it does, it gives you the ability to sell symmetrical data speeds at over a gig. And you can do that without really spending out much incremental capital. And at the moment, we really don't need that from a market facing perspective or from - I mean there's a perception issue in the market, but in terms of product use, there's none. And so we don't need it yet from a marketing perspective. And it's not the only tool in our toolbox. We have other technologies, including DOCSIS 4.0 and Full-Duplex, which we can use selectively and efficiently wherever augmentation or product definitions require. But I think the main thing to keep in mind is that, pathway we have to continuously upgrade our network capabilities is very efficient from a capital perspective and flexible.
Tom Rutledge: Michael, I think the broadband market continues to expand, both through housing growth, population growth and adoption. The big issue in general adoption is more of a digital literacy issue than it is a cost issue. And it's continuing to improve in terms of market adoption because of the way people can use the tools on the Internet today, at any level and at any age. And so I think you have a continuous march of a broadband adoption right up to occupied housing over the next 5 years. And so you have that and then you have our ability to have a superior service with a capitally efficient ability to continuously upgrade that service. And we think we can - with a full range of products, including mobile and video, and we think we can continue to take share as a result of our ability to have high quality, low cost products available to consumers across the marketplace. With regard to video, why do we - why our number is relatively better? We're selling more packages that allow us to tailor video to customer needs. It's a difficult business because in general, video is very expensive. Our cost for video to provide it to customers are very high and continuously going up. And so there's people being priced out of the market. We put lower-priced packages into the market. The new products that have been developed direct-to-consumer products are churning at higher levels. And so our products also are in that re-adoption process of - that occurs as a result of churn. So to some extent, we think our video business is stabilizing, but at the other - on the other hand, the fundamental trends haven't stopped, which is that prices are being continuously passed through to consumers, and there's real pressure on the total cost of the bundle. The reason we're relatively better as we have, we've been moderate with our pricing, and we've been moderate, and we've created new packages that cost less.
Tom Rutledge: Yeah. Doug, we haven't fully deployed all of our channels. We have a store strategy that's multi-year, and that's still rolling out. And we expect to complete it by the end of this year, but a substantial portion of our stores are not done. And so even the channels that we wanted to deploy are not fully rolled out. But we have a variety of tools to grow our market share. And we have - and I would not preclude any of them that anybody else has ever used in history. But fundamentally, we haven't changed our pricing since we launched the product. And we have that ability to be - to move the needle in terms of the amount of mobile customers that we create as part of our broadband strategy. So I would say that we set up a strategy that was based on activity levels. Those activity levels are lower than we thought because churn is lower than we thought. But there's - there are more ways to get into the market than we are using.
Tom Rutledge: Well, I was just going to say that in terms of churn, fundamentally, recovery is slower than we thought it would be in terms of activity levels. And while we're performing well in all of that, it's not what we thought. So we're a little surprised at how slow move activity has rebounded. And so I'm - it is rebounded. Everything is moving and increasing and returning to normal. But it is not there, and it's still an unusual marketplace.
Tom Rutledge: John, with regard to Viacom, I would say this, it was a modern agreement, a new agreement and recognized that the video business is changing, and it addressed our legacy relationship and addressed our new direct-to-consumer relationship with Viacom. And they were, I think, happy with the discussion, and we were obviously since we agreed to it. And the - it's different than prior agreements because they have direct-to-consumer products, and those were integral to the discussion. And consistent with our view that we'd like to be part of the marketplace and to enhance our video and customer relationship with customers through managing transactions for them. So it did that.
Tom Rutledge: Jessica, with regard to our IP box solution, we've got a bunch of techniques and market facing IT strategies. One is that we have an app-based user interface, and a lot of our customers bring their own hardware and use our apps and get their MVPD service in that way from us. We also have the existing world box that we've deployed to our customer base. And in that world box is an IP platform. And we have - we are beginning to put apps, Netflix, YouTube and other apps on to our existing set-top box. And we continue to engage with Comcast on a discussion about their flex technology and what it might be are capable of doing for us.
Tom Rutledge: Well, I think your last question on competition, we continue to see a similar marketplace that we've seen for a number of years now in terms of competitive overbuilds. We're continuing to do well everywhere we operate, and we are the share leader everywhere we operate competitively speaking. The - with regard to programmers, yes, there's an opportunity depending on the model, either for an advertising sale in the app and at multiple levels and the transaction opportunity as well in creating new subscriptions. So I guess the short answer is yes.
Tom Rutledge: Yes, I do. I think there's an opportunity to have a better advertising business than we've had historically. That works better for advertisers. It's more direct. It's got attribution. And we have a large skilled sales force on the streets, in the cities that we operate. So yes, I think it's an opportunity to create increased revenue.
