Thomas Rutledge: So Vijay, on the macro issues, I guess there are two things to explain. One is that our desire to sell feature-rich high-value video products as part of our overall market-facing strategy, meaning when we sell or create a customer, we like to -- we believe it's appropriate to try to give that customer the full capabilities of our service. And then through time, as a result of that, keep that customer and satisfy that customer fully. In order to implement that strategy, we sell full packages of product in video which means we don't sell video or basic-only products generally incrementally. And therefore, as we grow, we're growing rich products and shrinking our broadcast-only base. And so that, that was a strategy at Legacy Charter, Legacy Cablevision actually. And so we’ve been implementing that through this transaction successfully. So if you're actually a programmer receiving funds from us, we're growing in your eyes, because we’re growing expanded basic as part of every acquisition we make generally. Every new customer to get. So that’s our product strategy. In terms of where the overall marketplace is, I think it continues to be pressured for all the reasons we expressed before by high cost of content, the fact that the content is bundled the way it is as is wholesale to us and the fact that it's not very secure incrementally on the IP level meaning that you can get it without paying for it, all this puts pressure on price along with the whole value proposition of the content because it’s continually going up in cost. And I don’t see those trends changing. And so you see a continued erosion of the overall marketplace for bundled video. That doesn’t mean we can't be successful in that marketplace using video to drive our overall customer relationship growth. And that our video products can be relatively better than other companies’ video products and that we can achieve share shifts as a result of that.
Thomas Rutledge: Good question, Craig, and I have read some of your materials recently on that as well. And I would say this: We are a wireless company today and have over 300 million authenticated devices on our network prior to the launch of our MVNO. And as we move through the MVNO it does have limitations on our ability to manage that networking and certainly has limitations on our ability to get owners economics in some ways, although we can shift traffic onto our own network through Wi-Fi and increasingly look more likely through new spectrum that will be available to us also in a public way, like Wi-Fi in the form of the CBRS, so we got five spectrum, some of which will be public and some of which will be sold at auction. There are our new technologies coming along with dual SIM and eSIMs in mobile devices, which will allow somebody with an MVNO like us to actually run their own network and an MVNO simultaneously on the same device, which is an interesting thought as you go forward in terms of what you can do and how you manage traffic and how you can do that efficiently so that the MVNO was good for us and fit the consumers’ needs. But we could manage our own network and traffic on network in a more efficient way than we can today. But today we have a limited MVNO and it doesn't do what ultimately we would like it to do and -- but it’s more than we have -- more than we had a couple months ago. So it enhances the total value of our product. We can still save our customers tremendous amounts of money on their wireless bill every month and give them more services than they are currently getting because we can package that with the products that we have. And back to what I started the conversation with Vijay was, our product bundle is superior in terms of its total capability to what others are providing in the marketplace. And so therefore, we simply can grow our business. And we look at our current mobile relationship, our MVNO as a way to do that. But that doesn't mean that there aren’t opportunities going forward technologically that we will ultimately be able to take advantage of.
Thomas Rutledge: Sure, Ben. Look I think the biggest impact on the financials in 2018 of the integration was in capital spending. And that ties into disruption and the operations too, so let me explain. We’ve spent a lot of money to upgrade the network to all-digital. When we purchased Time Warner cable and Bright House, which you’ve got to remember too was 3 times the size, Charter is one-quarter size of the new company put together. And it had -- that new company in most of the acquisition footprint still had analog television on and analog television is very fat but doesn’t require set-top box. And so it has two negative attributes to -- three negative attributes to our ultimate strategy. One, it eats up channel spectrum that we ultimately want to use for high-speed data and IP video. It is an inferior picture and without a -- and in order to fix it you have to put a set-top box on the customers’ televisions, which in itself is very disruptive. So we decided that it was necessary to get the spectrum back for the long run benefit of the business, even though it meant that we were going to have to go out to millions of customers and put new set-top boxes on analog outlet so that we could recover the spectrum. That all-digital process is completely contrary to our operating strategy, which is to provide superior products packaged in an appropriate way that takes activity out of the business, so that the overall customer relationship is less transaction intensive and therefore longer life. And as a result of that virtue is from a consumer perspective meaning the consumer gets the price they want with less activity, they last longer, so there is more revenue per transaction and it's a much more satisfying form of business. Completely contrary to that is to go visit millions of customer houses and put the digital set-top boxes that the consumers don’t necessarily want an outlet that they may not even know they have. So that was one -- that capital to buy the set-top boxes, to roll the trucks and the disruption in the operating business and the impact that has on phone traffic and service calls, and therefore the ability to focus on sales, all that impacted both 2017 and 2018. The other thing we did because of the changing marketplace, we thought it was necessary to take our speeds up. We have a superior infrastructure almost everywhere we operate, and we need to make that superior infrastructure available to our customers in terms of its capability. And so we did the 1 gig upgrade across the entire footprint in a very short period of time. That was also a very capital intensive. And as a result of that, also required a lot of activity in head-ins and hubs where we had to sort of replumb the architecture and reallocate the spectrum that we received back from all-digital project to our high speed data product. And if you think about the way Time Warner operated as independent divisions for years and years and Bright House, these were separately built companies that had separate architectures, in many cases 50 divisions at one point. And so all of that had to be re-architected electronically into a uniform environment. We did the same thing with our call centers, sales centers, stores. We had multiple systems, building systems throughout the footprint in a very decentralized way. And we built an infrastructure over top of all of that so that we could operate in a uniform way. That was also very disruptive because we were changing practices for our employees which required retraining the whole workforce. So essentially all of that activity related to integration and to take a very decentralized set of assets and put them into a uniform set of assets in a very customer disruptive way will be finished by the end of 2018. It doesn't mean there is no activity going forward in 2019. There is some but the bulk of it in terms of its financial impact is behind us by the end of this year. We still have to finish the all-digital project this quarter. We still have to finish the DOCSIS 3.1 gig rollout this quarter. We are still putting billing systems together this quarter. And we will -- and the billing system integration will follow out a little bit into 2019, but by and large most of it’s behind, particularly the customer-facing disruption will be behind us by the end of this quarter. And so going forward, our ability to execute and just a pure financial impact of not having to spend all that capital on those projects will terminate. And so it’s going to be a different operating model going forward, both financially and from a physical execution perspective.
Thomas Rutledge: Well, activity is going down already, yes, and churn is going down, as we would expect. So we see the metrics -- the operating metrics and have confidence that the strategy will do what we think it will do.
Thomas Rutledge: I can’t describe that yet. I don't have enough information about the individual sales that we have. But look this is a fully distributed product, mobile is. It’s fully penetrated and like us everybody has one and everybody wants one. And so we think that mixing those products into our product set in the right proportions and the right prices that the whole marketplace is available to us.
Thomas Rutledge: So Brett. First of all we don’t think that spectrum will be auctioned until 2020. And so from a timing perspective that's probably the case. And one of the nice things about the way that auction will work is that it will be done on a county-by-county basis which we’re pleased to see so that in terms of the need for that spectrum, the ability to bid on it in footprints that make sense to us as conventional cable operators, makes a lot of sense. That said there's also a free spectrum available to us. And yes there would be capital, there would be cost if you’ve got spectrum and there would be capital associated with it. And back to Craig's question, it's really a question about if you had an MVNO business and had a certain cost level and you had a technological solution that was more efficient than that, gave you a return so to speak because you had less MVNO cost as a result of putting the capital out. That would be a good business opportunity. And so when we evaluate whether we want to buy spectrum or whether we want to put capital or put radios and CBRS, our strand or however, we want to do the deployment or physically by some location we would look at the traffic and the cost of the MVNO and say to ourselves what would the capital do from a cost perspective. If it is more efficient to spend the capital and reduce our expenditures on the MVNO, that would be good return on investment. So we will look at that as it comes up.
Thomas Rutledge: So I'll start John, with cost to serve and margin. As we come out of the integration we pick up -- we do -- our margins -- well all other things being equal, our margins would improve as a result of the fact that our churn is going to go down. And the reason our churn is going to go down is because our service is actually better. We are not visiting customers and creating more transactions that are necessary, our repeat service call activity will go down, which means that there are less physical transactions per dollar revenue or per customer relationship. If our churn goes down because our products work better and our relationship with our customer is better and more satisfying, the product mix is correct the pricing and packaging is correct, then our churn goes down because the satisfaction goes up. That means that for the same dollar of revenue with a lower churn rate or the same customer account with the lower churn rate you have a less connects and less disconnects which means you have less activity which means you have lower cost. So we have expectations that we will have significant reductions on cost to serve. And obviously going forward technological change too and the way we’ve put the company together from a scale perspective and our service infrastructure from a scale perspective, our ability to handle more customers more efficiently gets better through time. So, we expect that we will be able to generate faster EBITDA growth tan revenue growth as a result of the satisfaction that we create through the asset deployments that we've done over the last couple of years.
Thomas Rutledge: So there is another thing I would say about revenue growth, so just to finish that off is that we’re selling in -- we're going to be selling in mobile which does have a higher revenue component to it in packaging going forward and the consumer from a total cost to them perspective will be getting savings. So we think that’s pretty interesting opportunity overall for us.
Christopher Winfrey: Hey, Phil. This is Chris. It sounds like you are looking for a lot of guidance. There were – our core pricing and packaging other than what I mentioned on our double play pricing and what we are doing with it [indiscernible]. Our core pricing and packaging hasn’t changed. And you are right that we've a few small increases on different services around the edges but it's not really material. The full impact of which you won’t see in our numbers until December. So I know that's starts to roll through some of the billing cycles in November but full impact really won't be there for a full month until December. And that's what we've done today. It doesn’t mean that ultimately that's where we will be for the full year in 2019 but it is slightly lower amount and what has been gone through this year and the last year so I think I had mentioned in my comments, we took, so meaning in 2017 we had some smaller increases that went in January, we had some smaller increases that went in August, certainly that impacted the comp for this year Q3 on Q3. We have got some small around the edge rate increases, which you’ve highlighted, I know you have written about it as well, but they won’t be fully impacted until December and during the course of 2019 we will see where we are. But if you were to just take that and say how does that compare to what we did in the January this year, it would do slightly less than that. Revenue and EBITDA acceleration without giving guidance, the first one ties purely to customer relationship growth and from SMB having bottomed out. We think SMB is going to continue to improve. Will it be at the full rate of customer relationship growth next year? No, it won't because there’s still repackaging and pricing that’s going on. Enterprise is going through a similar phase, slightly behind SMB and certainly behind resi in terms of where it was just given the way that’s contractual. So -- and then next year as well we are going to have the absence of political advertising which you have to keep in mind as well. What remains when you put all those pieces together is how fast can you grow your customer relationship growth and some very smaller rate increase that we just talked about. We think we can grow our customer relationships. We think the step ups will continue to play in as we have been in a high acquisition or with a lot of customers going into promotion which then roll off. But a lot of that political advertising, SMB and enterprise which I just covered and the remainder really ties to customer relationship growth and some promotional roll-offs. From EBITDA, there's a lot of benefit that comes from taking transactions out of the system, not only in the cost of those transactions but also reducing churn which means that the same marketing and sales dollars can be applied to new sales as opposed to replacing the customers that you just lost. And that generates not only incremental revenue but higher EBITDA. Our cost of service today continues to go down on a per customer relationship basis. We think that continues to go down, maybe even accelerating in terms of how efficient we can become. And as much noise as we think we are taking out of the system as it relates to transactions in TWC both the number of calls and service calls and churn at TWC is still significantly higher than it is at Legacy Charter, which means there is a big opportunity that’s still sits in front of us.
Christopher Winfrey: And what Tom was just describing, it feels like a year and half two years now I have been talking about non-linear choppier in a quarter-over-quarter. We have been turning a lot of knobs and making a lot of changes. Some of which have an immediate positive impact. As an example last year fourth quarter we started to rollout some of the streaming products which cost less. On the other hand at different stages through all the things that Tom just described that has an impact on service transactions and churn. On the Internet, that customer-facing should go away in Q1. Are we at full steam in Q1? No because the impact of what we have been doing over the past few years will stick for a little bit. But I don’t think it will be Q1 but I think that incremental activity goes down in Q1 and starts to a look better through the year.
Christopher Winfrey: Thanks, Jason. Look the question of breakeven is somewhat academic because it has to be in a context of your growth rate. But as to the additional growth cost, we expect the mobile business on a standalone basis without the benefit of cable which we think are a significant, we would expect new growth and new benefits to cable to reach financial breakeven around 2 million mobile lines which would be when you take customer relationships into account about 5% penetration of our Internet relationships. And I don’t want that to be a guidance of where we're going to breakeven because the reality is we expect to be growing and continue to grow well beyond that. I also think there’s meaningful benefit to cable. But as an academic or analytical framework that gives you a sense of where the business needs to be but it also hopefully shows our confidence around the NPV of mobile and frankly the level of risk that we are taking on of which I've expressed in the past either going to be widely profitable and very high NPV, or relatively low cost option for the company and we can think that’s going to work really well both on a standalone basis as well as creating value for cable.
Christopher Winfrey: John the question regarding enterprise, so rough order of magnitude that’s $3.5 billion business and well over $600 million of it is cell backhaul and Navisite, which are flattish. That’s the only point that we’re bringing out that. So there is a portion of it which naturally isn’t growing at the same pace as the rest of the business and the remainder is growing faster from a relationship standpoint 15% PSU growth. But the same thing that we have done in residential, that we’ve done at SMB, really past year we’ve been going to market in more aggressive way on pricing, around whether it's fiber Internet access or Ethernet or Metro Ethernet or voice. We’ve been more aggressive in the marketplace to grow and to try to compete and accelerate growth, which is worth. But we're doing that not only with better service but better pricing and that has an impact on your revenue growth rate as the existing base comes out of contract and there’s new pricing and packaging on enterprise. So same story, just a little later start and it’s going to be more prolonged or slow in terms of where it bottoms out and returns to growth just given the nature of the contracts that exist in enterprise.
