Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Tom. I wanted to make a few comments about what we're seeing in the marketplace and briefly discuss our long-term market opportunity. Residential customer activity, particularly churn, has taken longer than we expected to return to normal levels. The overall lower level of market churn has reduced sales opportunities available to us. But interestingly, the value of net additions is even higher in this environment. We still maintained good continued customer growth. Given that the start of Q4 feels similar to Q3, we now expect current-year Internet net adds to look more like 2018 than 2019, as record low churn of every type has not offset higher loss selling opportunities from competitors churn. That lower overall transaction volume has exposed the high level underlying EBITDA and cash flow growth that is normally matched by even higher unit growth. With fewer new customers than usual, we have a lower mix of customers on promotion benefiting our customer relationship [Indiscernible]. Additionally, lower sales volume has driven lower expense and capital expenditures associated with sales and installation, lower upfront provisioning cost, and fewer service calls and truck rolls, which are more frequent with newer customers. Ultimately, market churn will return, driving more sales opportunities, and a return to normal net addition environment for Charter. As that happens, we would expect a reversal of some of the transactional financial benefits I mentioned a moment ago. We thought that would happen by the summer of this year, but it hasn't happened quite yet. Lower transactions have lowered costs and at the same time, our cost per existing customer relationship continues to get better. Our service model drives lower service calls and truck rolls with nearly 100% in-sourcing of our call centers now, improving tools for employees, and increasing customer usage of our digital and automated platforms. The service churn and expense benefits of those initiatives will continue for years. We've also continued to invest in our product marketing sales capabilities, and our yield for close rate has been growing, albeit on lower sales traffic. And we continue to grow Internet customers across our footprint, regardless of the competitive technology or in Infrastructure. Earlier this month, we announced new mobile multi-line pricing designed to drive new mobile relationships, more lines per relationship, and ultimately, stimulate overall market movement and sales opportunities for all of our products, including Internet. Mobile and wireline broadband are converging into a single connectivity service package. And we offer the nation's fastest overall mobile service, combined with our Wi - Fi invest mobile pricing, which offers unlimited service for just $29.99 per line per month in households which have two or more lines. An average household served by the big 3 mobile broadband competitors with two lines and mobile broadband and wireline broadband spends approximately $200 per month on its telecom services. With our pricing and packaging, a Spectrum customer can purchase our Internet product and two lines of our unlimited mobile product with faster service for nearly 50% less, and with more lines means more savings. And customers can also combine 5-a-gig rate plans for $14 per gig, with 1 or more unlimited lines to take advantage of the new 29.99 unlimited line pricing. Today, we have roughly 2 million of our 54 million passing’s subscribed to this converged connectivity service. So as Tom mentioned, we have a very long runway for customer and market share growth created by an ability to save customers hundreds or even thousands of dollars per year with better product capabilities and service. As Tom mentioned, Jessica has been promoted to CFO. I had the opportunity to work with Jessica for over 10 years, 5 years, while she was partner at E&Y advising us. Including on the structure of the Time Warner Cable and Bright House transactions. In the past five years, she's been at Charter, she steadily grown our responsibilities from initially overseeing tax and treasury, that in procurement, internal audit, investor relations, and acquisitions and capital markets activities, all of which has prepared her to take over the CFO role. Now I will turn the call over to Jessica to cover our Q3 results in more detail.
Chris Winfrey: The difference between Europe and the U.S. they're completely different densities. And we do fiber-to-the-home today in rural environments, often in [Indiscernible] environments and on the increment we're doing greenfield, but the capabilities of the DOCSIS 3.1 network, it really has a very long runway which is what Tom has mentioned at extremely low capital costs and provides all kinds of opportunity, including picking overtime, how you attack with Docsis 4.0 and fiber-to-the-home. But we have a really capital-efficient path that doesn't -- that means that we don't have to go down that safe path. And a lot of the difference here is, I think, driven more by density than anything else.
Chris Winfrey: I would just add to that that if you think about it from a return on investment perspective, every customer you add in a low churn environment is more valuable than a customer you add in a higher churn environment because the average life of the customer is longer, therefore, the total cash flow of the customer is longer and the cost to serve the passing from a transaction cost perspective is less. So it's a from a financial point of view, a slower growth environment related to churn being reduced is actually economically positive from ROI perspective.
Chris Winfrey: I'll do a quick answer on the CBRS. It's an entire DMA market test, thousands of sites because they are whole monitored sites, small cells, relatively speaking. I don't know the exact number, but it's an entire DMA. In terms of customer mix acquisition, it's true that the programs that we put in place in the midst of COVID last year, where there is the remote education offer or the way that we worked with customers where they keep Americans connected credit meant that both from a sales, as well as from a retention perspective, there was a locking end and there was securing the lower-income population and for any of them on as Charter customers. We're really pleased that we did it. So is that a pull-forward maybe that took place last year? But that doesn't mean that we haven't stopped --that we have -- we stopped marketing and selling into that base. We've been an active participant in the Emergency Broadband funds. I wouldn't say that it's created in the third quarter in incremental acquisition. Vast majority has come into that program through our existing subscribers. But we're utilizing our federal program to make sure that we service that community and continue to actively market, sell, and service
Chris Winfrey: That's -- our share of activity is actually higher from the activity that we see in front of us, our ability to attach mobile units to transaction is going up. There's just less of them. And -- but no, in terms of -- I don't see really a change or shift of any material way that I can see in the numbers in terms of our acquisition share, our churn is down in all types of markets, with all types of infrastructure that we operate in front of. And our gross adds are down proportionately inside all of those same footprints. So there isn't any incremental change in any material way in gross adds based on the foot print in which we operate, it's just lower transaction volume taking place across the entire board.
Chris Winfrey: Sure. The 2018 comments that I made was really in the context of total internet additions. The answer to your question is yes.
Chris Winfrey: It's only been out in the market for [Indiscernible], so we should be careful of what we say. But the initial uplift for mobile sales has been fairly significant as we expected. And while we think it could and should have a material impact on broadband over a multiyear period. We haven't seen anything yet that indicates that's the case. And so I think it's [Indiscernible] we expect [Indiscernible]. We expected and we didn't expect it. So I think it's premature to think that we're going to see that pull through the internet just yet.
Chris Winfrey: So we have national pricing everywhere for our retail pricing, and it's low compared to any of our peers or competitors. And we have the ability to bundle products that most of those competitors that you mentioned don't have. So if you think about low broadband pricings at national retail pricing combined with the ability to save customers hundreds or thousands of dollars in mobile, and increasingly, because of where the rest of the market has gone, we have the very best video product out there. And that may not be for everybody because there's a lot of different ways to take video, but Our video product -- we have something for everybody, whether it's a full expanded package, where there is blend matino, or whether it's essential stream choice in the home, outside the home, on every single device. So, we have a package and price point for just about everybody and still about half of our internet sales still take video. And it causes them to retain so we're able to add value to these households, not just by having a national low retail pricing structure for broadband, but the ability to use video and to use the savings from mobile to compete now, and really for a long period of time. So that's how we approach the marketplace. It's really how we've always approached the marketplace, including back to if you think about phone, where the pricing, and again, it's only maybe half the customer base that's relevant for it, but it is relevant for half, where we have a total dollar price point for phone as well. So we have different ways we can save customers' money, and we think the product that we offer anyway in broadband is as good, if not better than any competitive footprint that we face.
Chris Winfrey: On the churn benefit for a broadband customer also takes wireless. I can sit here and advertise and tell you how fantastic it is, the churn is definitely lower and I can beat our chest about it. But some of that -- a lot of that is really at this point, they're just self selection of customers are happy with our service. They like who we are, they like the pricing that they have on the products, and as a result, they take more product from us. I don't know that, that means there's enough evidence now to say systemically, but our gut tells us the answer is yes. And while the numbers would tell us yesterday as well, I don't think you should rely on that, in terms of an order of magnitude until we get further down the road.
Chris Winfrey: It's an interesting concept and I know what it's trying to solve. I mean, for all the reasons that you can think convergence tech technically makes a lot of sense. The ability to have a ubiquitous Internet product inside the home, outside of the home, in the neighborhood, in the coffee shop, etc. All that which we talked about and it works. The ability to save customers tons of money, which we do. There are not that many markets where from a marketing and sales machine, it's been fully proven out yet of how you combine that together when lines are often sold at a personal level, and broadband subscription wireline is sold at a household level. So I think it's an interesting concept, one that we're keeping our eye on. And when you think about as our pricing gets lower, mobile bridging our way towards that one way or another. It's one another way of thinking about it. But I think those type of models and taking a look at how to fully get convergence also for marketing and sales and solve the difference between per line versus per household is interesting.
Chris Winfrey: I think the SMB space is really more about cyclicality right now related to COVID and how things have opened and shutdown and businesses have closed and restarted and new businesses formed. I think it's much more tied to that than the things that we're seeing in the residential side. Generally, I would say that our SMB capabilities are as good as ever right now. And in a market where you have new business is forming or coming back online, where our competitive posture there is very good and I don't see the same type of issues that we've talked about in residential for us in this. So the fluctuations you've been seeing really much more about just the overall economic cyclicality has taken place with COVID, but I wouldn't --we don't face the same type of issues from market movement that we're seeing in residential in the SMB space. Our opportunity for theirs remains good and same as residential long-term.
Tom Rutledge: Let me start with the high-split question first. And we are deploying it in market to see how it works and how it actually works in the real world. But our sense of it is that you get symmetrical gigabit speeds out of it. But you also get the augmentation capacity that we've been spending capital on for years as average consumer growth in usage of data continues to increase. And so when you take the actual capital and let that against it, it becomes a very low cost of incremental capital. And at the same time becomes operationally a lot more capable in terms of the products that you can deliver on the network. So we think it's a very capital-efficient way of upgrading the network and maintaining our superiority from a competitive point of view everywhere we operate. In terms of how we're doing in the marketplace and what the competitive environment's like, The competitive environment is similar to what it's been and when we look at the effects of the marketplace in terms of net ads in the churn environment we're in. We're seeing the same effect where there are no wireline competitors as we do with wireline competitors in terms of net ads, proportionately to -- say 2019. And so we're seeing that the competitive environment doesn't appear to be significantly different than it has been. It's always been a competitive environment. And that the effects of a lower activity are, throughout the marketplace, regardless of what the infrastructure we're competing against is.
Tom Rutledge: I would just -- I would say that in fiber markets versus DSL markets, that our business model works pretty much the same way. And there are slight variations and penetration everywhere we operate for a variety of reasons, but they're very similar businesses and our growth rates are similar structurally. So we've been able to grow market share in every environment we operate in. Pretty much in terms of facilities based competition for variety of reasons. It's not just capacity in every case. It's sometimes services, sometimes the overall product mix, including the mobile piece of it. We've found ways to make our product work regards of the operating environment.
Tom Rutledge: Density in conduits and the way markets are built, it's a much different environment here. But the reality is that we can upgrade our network at way less than it cost to build fiber platform over top of it. And fiber works for us on the incremental [Indiscernible], it works for us in certain kinds of MDU Environments, certain kinds of greenfield new construction environments. But in terms of taking existing infrastructure that we've already deployed in three quarters of a million miles of Infrastructure essentially -- that we can upgrade at very low costs. Orders of magnitude less than a cost to build fiber and get equal performance. In those cases faster, and do it quickly.
Tom Rutledge: into the space. But your point is true there. There is certainly a lot of people who had been on wireless substitution in the past or had affordability issues that through the things that we did cooperating with the federal government, we were able to get them to proper broadband we benefited from that last year, we've managed to keep those customers through the course of this year, but the same level of inflow of sales looking lower.
Tom Rutledge: That's true. And how that unwinds is unclear. I mean, there was -- it's a very unusual market situation. People sheltered in place, so to speak. And so you had all the friction of the market came out that used to exist, people in transition, and they settled into subscriptions. And when the market remobilizes, so to speak, I think there will be continued pressure on gross because of pull-forward of all of that activity. But it is I think the [Indiscernible] opportunity for growth and long-term growth is still the same and our ability to take share out of the market is still the same. In terms of CBRS, today 80% of the traffic on mobile platforms is on Wi-Fi. And our -- and we continue to use the Wi-Fi network effectively. And there's a whole new piece of spectrum available to Wi-Fi, available to us. So Wi-Fi and CBRS together have an opportunity to make a significant change in how much traffic is on our network versus on the MVNO. Our targeted for CBRS, I've said before could be pushing up third of the marketplace if everything works and it's fully deployed now. You're talking years of runway necessary to deploy that and to get it fully utilized. The good thing about it is that the capital associated with any construction we do is dedicated to the -- to a lower cost. In other words, if we're going to put out a device or a radio, we know where the traffic flows are, we know that the traffic flows in that particular area justify the capital of placing that device. And that the offload percentage that's associated with that specific geography is sufficient to pay back the capital investment in the radio. It's a -- we'll deploy that based on actual utilization. But our modeling shows that it could be a significant reduction in the overall traffic load on the MBO.
Tom Rutledge: Okay. In the timing, high-split opportunity from a timing perspective is also opportunistic. like I was describing CBRS, but it's relatively inexpensive like a CBRS deployment. Excuse me like 3.1s Docsis deployment was. And it's on per passing basis. We think it will be quite efficient, but it -- the other beauty of it is it's pretty much in electronic drop in and it could be done quite rapidly. And cover huge slots of geography in a very short period of time. And so it has two benefits. One, it just -- if you do it in an sort of a normal management of augmentation network growth pattern, sort of deployment, it replaces the need to do node splits. But if you do it quickly, it also has the same effect, but it gives you greater capacity in terms of what products you can deploy in a market and what marketing claims you can make. So it can be done quite quickly and that's the beauty of it. Do you want [Indiscernible]
Tom Rutledge: Yes. I agree that -- I think that one way of thinking about it is -- we have 55% penetration of our broadband business at about a $60 ARPU on average, and the average spend on mobile on a per home basis inside our footprint is over $120 a month. And the average number of devices inside our footprint is about 120 million. And so when you really look at our 6% mobile penetration and our 55% broadband penetration, and look at that as a share of spend, even if you cut the mobile average household price in half, where our penetration of the dollar is less than 30%, which is -- which means what I said earlier in the presentation, which is we're really underpenetrated and there's lots of Telecom spend in which to grow our business at the household level.
Tom Rutledge: And ultimately price -- what you can do with price is a function of what costs are, and we have lowered costs.
Tom Rutledge: And the term, it's all [Indiscernible] is so low relative to the sort of trend that it's hard to attributed it all.
Tom Rutledge: So, Doug, I wouldn't say broadband is mature in the sense that, we think high capacity broadband, which we sell and packaged with mobility and packaged with great home connectivity, and managed Wi - Fi. Is still a growth opportunity in two ways. You have, what will the number of people that ultimately take that level of service be. And in our footprint today, we think 93% of houses are occupied. And I think the penetration of any kind of Internet service in that footprint is about 85%. So there's still opportunity to grow the overall connectivity broadband market. And then there's the opportunity to actually grow it into the high capacity service that we sell and high-quality service we sell. So we think that while we have 55% penetration, there's 37% penetration more to go in terms of what other possibilities are there. Plus the whole broadband -- mobile broadband platform as well and which grew very under penetrated.
Tom Rutledge: Yes. So from a streaming perspective, it's interesting Charter's actually the biggest live-streaming app in the country and the most highly rated app in the country. We distribute streaming products on Roku, Apple TV, on our own set-top boxes. We've got the cloud-based streaming application that can be placed on our app-based streaming app system that can be placed right on our set-top boxes. And so we've got more than 10 million customers who are connected to us strictly through a streaming relationship. And we like the Comcast strategy with regard to their -- putting their platform on televisions. And so, we think there's lots of opportunity for us to continue to change the video model and to take advantage of our relationship with customers and to make the video model more efficient for programmers and for operators, and to bring value back into television.
Jessica Fischer: Yeah. So first I'd point you back to Citi share and the COVID picture that there is a big piece of the year-over-year ARPU increase that's related to the revenue credits in Q3 of last year. But I do you think you pointed out something, the lower churn environment benefits us in a large number of ways. And one of those is on the ARPU side. The longer that a customer stays with idea of more customers [Indiscernible] roll off of promotional packages and therefore roll into higher pricing packages. And we have a low churn environment where you have additional longer tenured customers. We do see some impact on ARPU from that. The other pieces in there that you pointed out is the additional programmers sort of pass-through costs that we pushed at the end of the quarter. So there's a mix of the three. There will -- I think if we continue to be in the low Churn Environment, continue to be some ARPU impact. Just having longer tenured customers in the system. And the financial results of having those customers in the system for longer really are very good both on the revenue and the transactions side which is some of what you see. And in the overall financial results for the quarter.
Jessica Fischer: I guess -- okay, we've seen that in the sense that you come in during the yields are actually going up. So the number of sales that come in that we are able to close and convert to customers has been increasing. I haven't it looked at it exactly. And Chris.
Jessica Fischer: If you look at our total opportunity relative to customer spend on combined mobile and broadband, there's a lot of broadband spend -- a lot of mobile spend out there relative to broadband spend. So if you think about a customer, typical two-line household, they might be spending a total of $200 on broadband and mobile. And today, we're only getting a relatively small piece of that. And so if we continue to sell mobile product, even if we do it by bringing the pricing of mobile down, our expectation is that we'll continue to drive both revenue growth and bottom line EBITDA growth from that business, all wall driving pricing down in the mobile industry. And from the perspective of our mobile business, even today, our mobile business is profitable if you take customer acquisition costs down. And like what we've done across our business, our goal is always to further penetrate the market. And so if we can increase our penetration of the mobile market and up more ongoing revenues and less customer acquisition costs, okay, not less, even with additional customer acquisition costs, we'll generate strong profits out of that business just by penetrating the market, sticking with our strategy of having very competitive pricing for our customers.
Jessica Fischer: On the video and voice losses front, I think that that one is just the impact of having the -- not having the level of broadband additions that we had in 2020. when you have a lot of broadband additions, we pulled through a lot of recent video in bundling there, in this lower gross add lower churn environment. It's just carried through of the prior trends. It's no overall change in trend.
