Chris Winfrey: Doug, this is Chris. And we anticipated your question, and I have a few thoughts. But just put it in perspective. So, we added over 1.2 million Internet customers last year. And over the last two years, we’ve added nearly 3.5 million. And the rate of market activity and net additions growth has not been consistent through the pandemic with early on or 60-day offers, Keep Americans Connected, resulting payment plans, and more recently, subsidy plans. And we have the lowest market churn rate of all types that any of us have seen in cable. So that lower market churn has resulted in lower selling opportunities, which Jessica mentioned, with lower connects. And as a share gainer, that results in lower net adds. And our financial results, they actually demonstrate fully that lower transaction volume. So clearly, there was a pull forward of demand in 2020 due to the pandemic. But the lower customer activity environment we saw throughout 2021, including the fourth quarter, is being driven by a number of factors. That includes lower household move rates and housing completion rates, it includes lower voluntary churn everywhere we operate and much lower non-pay churn given the amount of subsidy programs that have been and remain available. And so those lower churn rates across each type of churn, they’ve been uniformly lower relative to 2019 and even compared to the fourth quarter of 2020 across every region and every competitive footprint. So as a result, our sales and connect activity have also been muted by similar amounts in each part of the geographical and competitive footprint. In the fourth quarter, we continued to grow customer relationships across our footprint regardless of competitive technology or infrastructure. November activity levels were better than October, December was better than November. And then Omicron provided a setback to transaction volume in late December. So, we had good growth in operating and financial results last year. And our expectation is that we’ll have a steady return to more normal transaction volume and selling opportunities as 2022 progresses and we get further into the year.
Chris Winfrey: The second question, I’ll start, and then others can chime in. The question was regarding ARPU pressure in competitive markets. And Jonathan, you know that over the years, our strategy has always been about providing high-quality service at an attractive price in the marketplace, first and foremost, so that we could grow faster. And that’s always worked for us. But secondly, it makes our markets less attractive from an overbuild situation and puts us in a different position today as we sit in our markets with very competitive prices already on the entire base. So that’s how we think about our positioning in the marketplace. It hasn’t changed. We have a retail strategy and standard pricing across our entire footprint. We react competitively as needed in the marketplace, but we already have attractive prices. We have great service. And we have a product combination that Tom was just talking about that our competitors can’t replicate in all of our passings, which is the ability to extend that good broadband service that we have, together with an integrated mobile and converged Internet product over time. And we have the ability to upgrade our network at a faster pace and lower cost than any of our competitors across all of our passings, not just cherry picking where we think it’s most attractive demographically. That’s how we think about the marketplace in the past. And I know others have always said the investment community, should you take rates up? That hasn’t been our strategy. Our strategy actually works very well in this type of marketplace as well.
Chris Winfrey: And what Tom said is, what I said as well earlier is that’s across all competitive footprints, all geographies. Jonathan, you asked this other question about fixed wireless broadband. I know you’ve written on it in the past, and we agree with you that the utilization of scarce resources and Spectrum or somebody else’s densification to get a one out of 50 type return on the utilization of your asset, which is what happens with fixed wireless broadband applications versus mobility, we agree with that. You’ve written about it. I know Craig wrote about it a couple of weeks ago in a pretty concise way. And there wasn’t anything in there that we actually disagreed with. And you’ve made the point yourself previously, and we think that’s right. And we think that’s going to become pretty evident to most everybody over time.
Chris Winfrey: You asked about other developments. The deeper deployment of our advanced in-home WiFi, which includes giving customers more control over their WiFi in the home, the deeper deployment of that across our base as well as more functionality that will be applied there. Tom mentioned as well the mobile speed boost as well as a way to enhance the value of this converged offer that we have. So there’s a number of product development pieces that are in the pipeline that are going to continue to add value. Obviously, the CBRS test this year, which Tom also mentioned, that’s a market rollout. But that’s not going to be across our entire footprint just yet. So, I wouldn’t hang too much on that just for 2022. But there’s a lot of development that’s in the pipeline to continue to make this product better than our competitors and more integrated.
Chris Winfrey: Yes. So, I’ll take that. We do have across the regions that we acquired the Spectrum, some minimal amount of deployment across those areas. It doesn’t have to be deep, and it doesn’t have to be expensive from a deployment standpoint. It’s over a multiyear period. And so in every market where we’ve acquired Spectrum, there’s always going to be extremely high traffic areas. And we feel really comfortable we can satisfy the deployment commitment at a pretty low cost and then go from there in terms of just picking and choosing where it makes sense either from a product capability perspective or from an ROI perspective is what Jessica was saying.
Chris Winfrey: Yes, it’s public, and so we’re not – I’m not hiding it. I just don’t know it off – I don’t remember it off the top of my head. But it’s a multiyear outlay. If you follow-up with Stefan, he can get you the exact dates because it is public as part of the FCC process.
Chris Winfrey: In terms of seasonality there with those businesses? Enterprise has been from a retail perspective...
Chris Winfrey: Yes. The SMB business is doing very well. I know relative to last year, it may not look quite as much. But last year, you had an SMB surge coming out of really the lockdown tied to COVID. So the year-over-year comparison there is less favorable. But the underlying trends that we’re seeing coming out of Q4 in the SMB despite everything that COVID has brought, SMB’s continuing to do well and steady. Despite everything that would suggest there might be some pressure there, we’re performing well in SMB. On the enterprise side, there are markets that are still coming back underperforming, New York City and L.A., in particular. But despite that, if you take a look at the underlying retail PSU growth and revenue growth, we’re on a steady march to sequentially improving over many, many quarters now. And that business is looking more healthy. And once we get back into a normal environment, there won’t be that much seasonality tied to enterprise as it will continue to get better is our hope.
Tom Rutledge: And Doug, with regard to wireless competitive dynamics, I think that our pricing structure and the monthly recurring fee piece of the pricing value equation is superior net-net to what our competitors are offering. And we’re getting some traction with that. And of course, that’s combined too with our superior broadband product and the continued investment we make in our broadband product in terms of its capabilities and how we make the wireless product work with our wireline product through the mobile speed boost technology opportunities and other technology opportunities that we have all affect the price value relationship that we’re presenting to the customer. But it’s true that replacement phones are being given away in the marketing strategies of our competitors, and we haven’t done that. And I think customers will have to – they’re currently making the evaluation that we have a good product, and they’re buying our product. But I think it’s really our challenges to make sure that the customers’ perception of value is appropriate, and that’s our marketing and branding strategy. But if we need to change our competitive posture, we can. I don’t see – I think what we’re doing right now is the best strategy for us, but it doesn’t preclude us from future strategies. But the fundamental value proposition that we’re providing is superior service, a fully packaged communication service everywhere we operate, which none of our competitors do and making that a better value and driving customer relationships by having better products and services. And the deeper we penetrate, the lower our costs. And the lower our costs, the better the value we can provide.
Tom Rutledge: Yes. The only thing I would add to that is, so funded – what that all means is that we have fundamentally a lower cost structure than our competitors and where our capital investment strategy is designed to maintain that capability, which we think ultimately gives us a better competitive posture. So, we can grow and have better products working at lower costs than can be replicated by our competitors. Anybody can spend enough capital and replicate your service, obviously. But we can do it more efficiently, which is, I think, our competitive opportunity. The other thing I would say just about the current environment is that from a competitive point of view, when we look at our churn, our move churn is down. Our non-pay churn is down, and our voluntary churn is down to historic levels. So, our actual ability to operate in the environment is pretty effective.
Tom Rutledge: Well, on the high split, I’ll say this that we’re deploying the technology. And I said in my prepared remarks that we can go to symmetrical speeds, gigabit speeds. We can go to multi-gig downspeed – downstream speeds. And as I said earlier, we’re holding our own competitively as it is. And the value of the high split is that by putting – by re-architecting the network that way, which is basically just an electronic drop in, we can quit spending money on augmentation or node splits at the same rate that we’ve been spending. And so I think the best way to think about it is that depending on speed of construction and on a relative basis, yes, it’s in the $7.1 billion and $7.3 billion. And the general capital intensity over a multiyear period associated with that kind of upgrade will maintain the kind of capital intensity that we heretofore had. With regard to wireless billing, the wireless billing opportunity is that we’ve just built a new billing system, and it’s just being deployed. It was deployed in the – to some extent at the end of the fourth quarter, but not the full fourth quarter. And it gives us new opportunities for selling and making the selling process easier. When we initially launched mobile, we launched it on a platform, both us and Comcast together through our JV launched on a common platform that was segregated from the traditional cable platform. And so it – obviously, we did well with it. But we’ve rearchitected all of that and deployed a brand-new system that gets us better integrated sales capabilities and better integrated billing capabilities that ultimately makes the sales process easier, our ability to go faster with less friction is enhanced by those capabilities. And so we’re optimistic that we can continue to accelerate our growth there.
Tom Rutledge: Okay. In terms of moving and upgrading, the – we’re in a low churn environment, so the yield on that segment of moves and people who are in a moment where they’re more likely to be changing services is lower. We’ve actually had – we’ve achieved additional sell-in using mobile as part of that process. But the bulk of our mobile growth is still coming from upgrades at the moment if you just look at net changes in the broadband versus net changes in mobile. But – and interestingly, the mix is changing too to more multiline and because of the way we’ve priced it and the value proposition more – and more full unlimited service. I expect that through time, we’ll get more pull-through on the new customer creation side of it. But just when you do the math in terms of where the opportunity is to grow mobile, given our existing broadband penetration, the – just mathematically, we have more upside in upgrades. But it has both effects. In terms of offload and margins, I’ve said previously that we could do more than 30% of the offload, I think, through CBRS. We also are already offloading enormous amounts of traffic on WiFi. And I think that we have the ability to take that up significantly, too. So, I’m not going to give you a full number, but it’s substantial.
Tom Rutledge: Yes. And when we talk about a full market deployment, we’re talking about a full market deployment where it makes sense. And what that means is, we’re putting these radios where traffic dictates that the radio should be and that the amount of offload would reduce our costs sufficiently to pay back the investment in the radios quickly, yes. And so it’s opportunistic capital, which generates a higher margin on the mobile business.
Tom Rutledge: And I guess to speak to seasonality. Video was very seasonal. In the fall season, you had a tremendous uptick. Fourth quarter was big, although Cablevision because of the Hampton has a sort of an opposite effect. But fourth quarter is a big issue in video, not – but as Jessica said, the college student situation has been unusual lately. And wireless has its own cadence too, which I’m not sure we fully grasp yet, although we have people who think they do. And whether there’s an underlying broadband seasonality, it’s hard to say. So, I do think that the traditional seasonality in the business is going to be different. And obviously, the effects of COVID have been dramatic in terms of quarter-to-quarter changes in growth. Even in the last quarter, it was very interesting in that the activity levels had – we’re at – hit their lowest level in both October, and they started – November was better than October, and December was better than November. And Omicron affected us at the end of December. So it’s hard to say whether that trend will continue, but my guess is it will steadily improve.
Tom Rutledge: Yes. And with regard to broadband rates, our view is that has always been that we think that our total packaged product should be able to drive the bulk of our revenue and EBITDA growth. And we have tried to continue to make our product more valuable so that we sell more customers. And our anticipation is that that’s going to be our continued strategy, and that we’ll be able to grow our business nicely and grow our revenue nicely by combining our mobile products with our wireline products. And so there is no rate increase in broadband planned in the short run.
Jessica Fischer: And I guess the piece that I would add to that is that we have margin that we’re generating from our mobile customers today. So, you have negative EBITDA in the mobile business, but that’s driven really by customer acquisition costs and our rate of growth in the business. We’re generating margin from those customers today, and we can do the CBRS deployment on – in a very targeted manner. So, we can look at the CBRS deployment targeted on a – in an ROI-generating fashion. So that every radio we deploy really increases the margin and increases the value of the mobile business. So, I think that, that piece is important as you think about how we grow profitability in that business that we will grow profitability by adding CBRS and by growing the offload. But those customers stand-alone are generating margin today.
Jessica Fischer: I like to try. We’re not going to go there on guidance for margin in the long-term. But I do think that it’s an important part of thinking about the growth story for EBITDA in the long-term and that as we find those opportunities to increase the margin through deploying capital through CBRS or by sort of upgrading the way that the system offloads traffic overall that we’ll continue to do those things.
Jessica Fischer: Phil, I’ll pick up on two of those. First just around seasonality. I mean, certainly, our results looked different over the course of this year than you would see from a seasonality perspective over a normal year. And one of the things that we’ve been thinking about that we see a lower number of college student enrollments. And so some of those markets have looked sort of different from what we would normally expect. And the overall environment does appear to be sort of more impacted, as Chris mentioned, by things like COVID waves and seeing lower activity when something like Omicron happens. We also did see some impacts from other things on the New York State side, New York had a moratorium on certain disconnects. It did drive a onetime spike in Internet non-pay disconnects. It was about 20,000 in the quarter. So, if you head back that out, we would have been at 210,000 rather than 190,000 but not a huge impact in terms of the overall net adds for the year, which we still thought were very good if they were dispersed a little less evenly.
Jessica Fischer: Sure. So, I would point out that you used the word long-term. And I do think that we think of the investment in RDOF really as a long-term investment in terms of creating returns. But based on the kind of markets that those were in and the success really that we saw in the New York State build-out, we think that we can generate mid-teen IRRs in the long-term from building those passings. And from a project perspective, I’d also point out that a lot of that has already started and has to be. The spend there will be a little lumpy. So you have to spend money upfront to do things like go – do walkouts and figure out where – and figure out how to attach to the polls and design your construction, and that all takes time. So what you’re going to see is you’ll see sort of cash investment going in upfront, that’s going to happen before we light up the passings and the passings then will sort of trail behind that. And that’s all sort of factored into the way we think about the IRR of the investment, but it will look different from what I think are sort of normal placing in service of passing on a year-to-year basis book line.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. I mean, I think you can look back in the comments in the script, but it’s – if you take our EBITDA and subtract from that capital expenditures and cash interest for the year and then multiply that by a mid-teens number, you get there. So you can see the credits and the carryforward on the balance sheet. There is some of that carryforward that’s still subject to limitations on our usage going forward. And so based on that, we’ve sort of come through that process to get to what we think is an appropriate rate for 2022.
Jessica Fischer: Sure. So I can start on the sort of home passed per year. I think the rate that we are typically add is around 1 million a year. I think the commitment that we’ve made around RDOF build one million additional FCC locations, one million additional passings over the course of five years. I think that if you pace it in that way that you’ll be close, though the caveat that I would add to it that we do continue to be – to bid on additional subsidized build projects. And in addition to that, we have spaces that we’ll build that are the space between our network today and where the subsidized build projects are or that are in rural areas that aren’t part of those projects that are sort of close to what we passed today. And so in addition to those passings that we’ve committed under RDOF, you might see additional passings. And if we’re really successful in the subsidized build space, you might see even more. But I think that’s a good place to start as you think about what we’ll be able to place in service.
