Tom Rutledge: Thank you, Stefan. Our operating strategy continues to deliver strong results and we remain focused on driving customer growth by delivering superior services and value to our customers, improving the quality of our operations by reducing unnecessary service transactions and truck rolls per customer, delivering sustainable free cash flow growth by driving EBITDA growth while reducing capital intensity; and finally, positioning our company for long-term customer relationship growth with current and new products by continuing to evolve a fully converged network that delivers high speed, low latency, seamless connectivity services inside or outside customers’ homes and sanitary environment around the move. In 2019 we created over 1.1 million new customer relationships, substantially more than 2018. And we added over 1.4 million new Internet customers, also more than 2018. We grew our full year cable adjusted EBITDA by 6.6% in a non-political advertising year. And combined with our lower cable capital expenditures, our 2019 cable free cash flow grew by over 100% year-over-year. We expect that our cable EBITDA growth combined with our declining capital intensity, and disciplined capital deployment strategy will drive continued strong free cash flow growth. Our mobile business is a strategic extension of our core connectivity capabilities today and in the future and it continues to grow. We now have well over 1 million mobile lines in service with over 900,000 of those added in 2019 at an accelerating pace. In 2019, we saw a substantial reduction in service transactions per customer relationships. And those improvements were reflected in lower per relationship [repair] calls, trouble call, truck rolls, and billing calls. We also performed fewer physical installation truck rolls giving growing levels self-installation activity. Looking forward to 2020, we're well positioned to continue to reduce service activity per customer, given a higher level of customers in Spectrum pricing and packaging, the completion of our in-sourcing program and increasingly experienced in-source call center and field operation workforces, the overall improving quality, reliability and maintenance of our network, greater levels of online service activity, self-service activity and growing levels of self-installation activity as I mentioned, which in the fourth quarter exceeded 50% of sales. So in 2020, these lower levels of overall service activity per customer relationship should continue improvements in customer satisfaction, lower churn and reduction in cost to service customer relationship. Our in-home connectivity product set also continues to improve with 85% of our residential Internet customers now receiving minimum Internet speed of 100 megabits or more and nearly half receiving minimum speed of 200 megabits or more. We continue to outperform in megabits, our ultra product and our gigabit speed tier across our entire footprint. We made our network capable of providing gigabit service everywhere we operate using DOCSIS 3.1 technology over the course of 13 months for $450 million planned capital. Through our 10G plan, we also have a cost efficient pathway to offer multi-gigabit speeds and lower latency to consumers and businesses that continue to attach more devices to our network, use more and more data on a daily basis, demanding greater network responsiveness and reliability. During the quarter, we also continued to deploy our advanced home Wi-Fi capabilities to new markets beyond Austin, Texas, including Dallas, San Antonio, and closes of Southern California. Our advanced Wi-Fi capability provides enhanced security, privacy and app-based control of all IP devices in our consumers’ homes, while simultaneously delivering a superior customer experience to better in-home Wi-Fi coverage, and managed Wi-Fi solutions through dynamic band switching and channel optimization within the bands. So far, our deployment has gone well and we plan to rollout this capability throughout our entire footprint. Our Spectrum Mobile business continues to grow quickly, and we added over 280,000 lines in the fourth quarter more than we added in the third quarter. While it's still early, we believe that our results so far indicate our mobile product drives core connectivity, customer satisfaction and will generate standalone profitability at scale. We also continue to test tools and technology using CBRS spectrum by small cells mounted on our own high capacity two-way network. Our tests continue to go very well. We continue to add features and functionality to our Spectrum Mobile product. And in the first quarter, we plan to offer 5G mobile service. Now, I'll turn the call over to Chris.
Tom Rutledge: Well, yes. The lower gross ads I think are a function of the marketplace. It's not material to what drives our economic model, but it is a nice small addition to our broadband connectivity business.
Tom Rutledge: Alright. Well, Brett, yes, there's an opportunity enough marketing direct-to-consumer products in our relationship with programmers and those relationships in many cases are also operating under the old model too, which is the bundled cable model. And we can hold both thoughts in our head at the same time. And so bundled products which I think will be selling for years to come, but also selling direct-to-consumer products and because of our customer relationship, because of the way we can package those products into our overall product mix, and the user interfaces that we developed with products like Flex are designed to help enhance. We have an opportunity to create and help programmers sell their content. And do that in a way that's mutually beneficial to both of us. And so we're working through those models with the various companies. We have already placed direct-to-consumer products like Netflix on our user interface and customers can purchase products directly from our user interface, other card product services, which we've been doing for a long time by the way. In many ways I look at these products like I look at pay TV. There are opportunities to enhance the video experience and part of the customer relationship. So we have ongoing discussions with all of the entities out there. And fundamentally, I think while there's a lot of dislocation going on in the video business, there's an opportunity in there for us.
Tom Rutledge: So look on the wireless situation it's really a math question of what's a cost to pay for your MVNO rate and what's the cost to build, where's the traffic and what's -- how does all that work and that's the discipline that Chris was talking about. So, as we think about it, there's -- it depends on what you're paying for mobile traffic and what the economic traffic zone is in inside of a particular area and how you would switch that traffic. So I don't -- there's no immediate plan to change our fundamental relationship with our carriers. And -- but over time as the market evolves and speeds go up, and capacity goes up, the economics may change and we'll take advantage of those through time as the marketplace unfolds. With regard to programming, obviously, the biggest issue in the bundled package is price and a lot of people have been priced out of the market and we continue to negotiate contracts. And as penetrations in the overall distribution change, the relative value of the content changes and it changes the relationship and changes how much programming is worth to you as an operator. And so I don't expect the general circumstance of distribution could precipitously change over the next couple of years. I think we'll still have a big bundled product, but the relative pieces of that are changing in value and we will act appropriately in the marketplace.
Tom Rutledge: So you little gobbled there, Jonathan. But on the cost to serve, the cost to serve trend has continued to go down on a per customer basis. There are all sorts of reasons, that's true. I think Chris is trying to say that what the pace that is and how that will manifest itself quarterly isn't something that you should straight line and extrapolate. But the fundamental part that we're on in terms of customer self-serving using high quality service operations with well skilled people doing the work is reducing overall transaction volume. And this is the digitization and the definition of the network-as-a-software defined network and many of the operations becoming software defined. All of those things are taking fundamental operating costs out of the business and capital expenditures that we made over the last three years as a result of the integration puts us in a position to realize that upside. So that's the fundamental notion that he was trying to express. And Legacy TWC churn continues to be both elevated relative to Legacy Charter, but continues to be declining at a faster rate than Legacy Charter continues to decline.
Tom Rutledge: Hey, Jonathan, you've got really bad cell signal and so this time around we couldn't hear anything on that question.
Tom Rutledge: Well, when I spoke if accelerating growth, I was talking about high speed data and customer relationship growth accelerating. So that's what I meant by that. And in terms of Flex or similar products, yes, the answer is yes. There are a variety of IP relationships we have. We have one with Apple, selling IP devices through Apple. We have Roku devices that are product design. We've got millions of customers who subscribed to us directly through an app based product. And so our video product on the Internet or IP delivered cable TV and IP delivered over-the-top products are all being delivered through a variety of new technology platforms. Flex is one of those. And so the answer is, we're pursuing all the various opportunities in video that are available to us and including those in our broadband strategy. In addition to our -- we've enhanced our broadband through speed differentiation and taking our minimum speeds up. More than half of our customer base now gets a minimum speeds of 200 megabits as the slowest speed we saw. And we've enhanced that with our advanced Wi-Fi products, which deliver high quality service throughout the house, allow you to manage all the devices in your house, see what the service quality of those devices is and how they're connected to the network, as well as allow you to manage the privacy or the utilization of any of those devices throughout your house, so that you're secure, private and getting a high quality service everywhere inside your property and on the go. And so we continue to invest in the broadband platform to make it a better platform. And we continue to invest in legacy video and we continue to invest in the way legacy video transforms itself into a IP platform.
Tom Rutledge: Sure. So with regard to 10G, we just upgraded the whole network to 1 gigabit everywhere. That was the $450 million capital project I mentioned over a 13 month timeframe. 10G is a set of technology specifications that the industry has developed that allows us to ultimately get to 10 gig symmetrical services, which are provided at very low latency, delivery specifications and allows you to put high compute capabilities throughout your network. And there is no immediate need to deploy a new upgrade in the marketplace today, but it's an evolution that we can invest in as we go forward. And it allows us to do that incrementally in a very cost efficient way, a lot less cost than it would cost to build a brand new network. And so we have no immediate capital deployment associated with it. But it's a variety of tools to incrementally get you to at least a 10 gig symmetrical. And there's -- we have already surpassed that capability in our laboratory testing. And so that's just a stake in the ground in terms of what the potential of our existing infrastructure is. With regard to M&A, first of all, we don't have anything that we're about to talk about. But the cable business is owned by controlled shareholders mostly through the United States. And I think we have a great business and lots of opportunity, and with the right combination of assets there's always value in scale and market approach. And -- but there's nothing for us to say at the moment.
Tom Rutledge: So with regard to scalable CapEx, Bryan, the -- we are getting advantages from the 3.1 deployment. And I think that those advantages, which are in with -- what the advantages is that the growth in Internet utilization on a per customer basis is a continuous investment required by us and the 3.1 so expanded the capacity of the plan that some of that scalable infrastructure capital that might have been in prior periods, isn't required right now. But that opportunity continues for a while yet, because once it's a function of the data usage per unit per customer. And interestingly our Internet-only customers now are using over 500 gigabytes per month, half terabytes of data usage. So it is something that continues to climb. And that's relative to a wireless average customer of [8], to put that in proportion. But the capital expenditure, I think will stay in that space similar to what it is now for some period of time, clearly 2020, because of the capacity that’s been built by 3.1 and the evolution of traditional video towards DOCSIS, any of that opportunity. Homes passed, look, we build everything that we can build from a homes passed perspective without regard to the requirements of our consent decree. So, we've accelerated and actually built more passings than the consent decree required, and there's nothing going forward that would change the rate at which we're building other than the rate of household formation.
Tom Rutledge: We don't see anything that changes the arch that we're on. And mobile will have its own trajectory, which I talked about in the prepared remarks, which we expected to step down significantly in 2021 but for any ROI based investment in spectrum and/or build out.
Tom Rutledge: Well, on the subsidization of OTT, that's really just price, what you're selling broadband for. And I think that we have a relatively good competitive posture from a price perspective in the marketplace. And so I don't see us changing that. But there we will do promotional offers that have a price effect in them, the cost in them. I won’t say never, but it's just a marketing technique. It doesn't mean you have changed your fundamental pricing strategy. And with regard to wireless, you're into the math of what's the value of the physical network pieces and that's a function of a lot of things. It's not -- it is the cost of bills, the cost of what your rented network is and how those two things interact with each other. And so I'd say your thinking is correct, but we haven't decided exactly what we will do.
Tom Rutledge: We have a good relationship and we're happy with our MVNO relationship with Verizon. And I'm sure it will evolve through time.
Chris Winfrey: Sure. On one hand, you had a headwind, as you mentioned, political advertising not being in the fourth quarter of 2019. On the other hand, we had some fairly exceptional pieces that were taking place as well as the timing of our rate increases earlier inside of Q4 2019 than it has been in prior years. So I think that results in higher ARPU for customer relationship growth in what would be a sustainable either prior to that quarter or inside of 2020. So you need to take that into account. I think that growth rate given the subscriber mix could look a lot more like what we saw for the full year of 2019 and that with what we saw in Q4. The second thing I'd mention is that programming has done very well on a gross and per customer relationship basis. I think it'll still do well relative to other years. But at least like a mid-single-digit per customer relationship growth in programming cost in 2020. And then finally, as I mentioned, the cost to serve was exceptional in the fourth quarter. Our cost to serve for customer relationship has been declining. It's going to continue to decline is our expectation. But to have an actual gross decline, significant one inside the quarter was a big step down. And I just would encourage people to replicate that every single quarter. So then working against that, again, I am not giving guidance but ways to help you to build a model, particularly later in the year, we expect to see a pretty good year for political advertising. So all-in, I think it's going to move around and it's not something that we actively manage inside the business. What we’re managing is can we grow our customer relationships faster? And that's our goal, which will then drive better revenue growth, continues to be our goal to grow faster. And it has been our experience and continues to be our goal to grow EBITDA at a faster rate than our revenue growth rate with or without a political advertising year. So that's I think the right way to think about that and not to get strategically hung-up in a particular quarter of year-over-year comparison on a margin rate to what’s happening with the underlying trend.
Chris Winfrey: Alright, I thought there was a second. But anyway, lower video gross ads up -- I think it's more function of the marketplace more than anything else. We still believe in video as an our attractive piece to user connectivity package that we offer. It’s an important attribute and it’s investment in growth of the traditional setup box as well as all of our IP platforms. And I don't know if Tom wants to add any more on that.
Chris Winfrey: And then on the in-sourcing program, the in-sourcing is essentially complete. We have well over 90% of our service calls are handled in-house and onshore. And then in the field service side, you need to have some contract labor available for PC guys that were well over 75% of our labor in in-source there. And that's been the case for both of those for some time now. There's very little in the way to talk about costs anymore that's in the system. I do think that it's going to continue to get better for all the reasons that Tom mentioned. The tenure of our employees gets longer, which means they get more experienced and better and do higher quality transactions with our own employees who have a career path at Charter. The amount of self-installation is going up. The number of calls and truck rolls are going down. The churn is going down. And the amount of digital transactions as Tom talked about is also going up which means less labor intensive service infrastructure. And I think that the trend is going to be with us for a long period of time.
Chris Winfrey: Ben, I think fundamentally, we didn't or haven’t changed anything with regard to our pricing strategy, which is price isn’t the major component of how we drive our revenue growth, it's subscriber growth and we have accelerating subscriber growth. And we expect to continue to have accelerating subscriber growth, because we have the price strategy, we do with the product strategy, we do. And the bulk of our revenue growth comes from that. So, we have been passing-through things like retransmission consent fees and other things in the video business and looking at the margins in the video business, and the competitive environment in the video business and how we're priced, but our fundamental strategy is not different.
Chris Winfrey: Mid-band spectrum? We're interested in mid-band spectrum, there's an auction coming up for CBRS. We're likely to participate in that auction. I think there’s an opportunity for us. The SEC has been helpful in positioning that spectrum in a way that's an opportunity for us. And so we're carefully considering our auction there. We'll be Ben disciplined as you'd expect about ROI for us to -- in spectrum that’s required; costs, what are the costs to build and what’s the financial return for doing so, and where would you do it. So, I think people should expect that we will be disciplined around that first what we think is pretty attractive and then clearly the more mobile lines that we have, the more attractive that ROI is.
Chris Winfrey: Craig, you had a sub question on the wireless side that asked if there is any scenario where we want to evolve in the networking. And so far we haven't seen anything that really demonstrates that need. We have a very good partner Verizon. It's going to very well. And they have a very strong microCell powered network. And so I don't think that there's any economic case that we’re seeing today that says we need to -- now we need partners within the interim partners for the years to come.
Chris Winfrey: And Bryan just on the CapEx, Tom mentioned we're temporarily depressed in 2019 and probably in 2020 for the continued DOCSIS 3.1 benefits. But if you think about the different line items for CapEx, our CPE which includes traditional installed, which is now our growing higher self installed, our CPE is declining and already the majority of that mix of CPE is more tied to Internet-related products as opposed to video products. As Tom mentioned, we've been building at an accelerated pace on the line extension. So I think that'll continue to be elevated with positive ROI attached to that build out. And the scalable while lower last year, probably this year as well, over time that's an area that we will continue to invest like we have in the past. And then in support, we continue to have not the same magnitude that we've had the past few years, but there's still a fair amount of integration -- [back into] the integration capital that's going on and you'll see that in the support category, whether that's through real estate or through IT systems. And so, whereas scalable may be temporarily lower, I think support is temporarily still higher. And that's the way the different pieces of CapEx will move over the short to medium term.
