Thomas M. Rutledge: Thanks, Chris. Thanks for getting that off your chest. Just a few final comments before turning it over to Q&A. Since our closing on May 18, we've been working to integrate the three companies. And while integrating three large companies comes with issues and execution risks. We're picking our way through those issues and so far, we haven't seen anything that precludes us from being successful. Our track record at Charter over the last several years shows our operating model produces excellent economic value, and we'll make the right investments as quickly as possible to apply our operating practices on the new assets. With our newfound scale comes additional opportunities unavailable to Legacy Charter including cost savings and purchasing opportunities, product development opportunities, commercial services opportunities, wireless service opportunities and more, and we're ready to exploit those opportunities in order to drive greater growth and value into our business. Operator, we're ready for questions.
Thomas M. Rutledge: I don't know exactly what's in Comcast's rights structure, but I believe they're similar because they were created at the same time as part of the same transaction. And we have not fully exercised that right yet.
Thomas M. Rutledge: We're looking at what those rights are and how we'll execute or how we'll utilize them for the best benefit of the company, but we don't have a plan yet that we're ready to roll out.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Well, there's two parts of the scale that are interesting. One is we're a much bigger company. And if you just take the Charter growth strategy and apply it to a much bigger set of assets and you do the same thing on those assets, get the same kind of growth rates, you create a lot of value. But the other part of scale that comes out of this is that the footprint, the coverage of the DMA and our ability to use mass advertising, as well as sell advertising in the DMA is improved by the efficiency of our coverage of local markets, meaning in historic terms, we're better clustered. So, we have our ownership of assets by particular DMA more concentrated than we did at Charter. That gives you two things. It gives you the opportunity to be a better seller of services and products and it gives you the opportunity to be a better seller of advertising and targeted advertising in local products sold at – on all the various platforms, the TV, the Internet and voice platforms, wireless platforms, and it also gives you, from a commercial sales perspective, a more likely footprint to serve medium-sized businesses and all the facilities those businesses pass or use within your footprint. So, if you have a multi-site business, your ability to serve multi-sites with better footprint is improved, and so the commercial marketplace is also improved. So, the whole footprint is more efficient.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Well, the nature of programming relationships hasn't fundamentally changed, and it's still a contentious contractual environment. But, generally, we have good relationships with our programmers, and I think the litigation is part of the negotiation process in general. And it's going about what we thought it would go.
Thomas M. Rutledge: I wouldn't say that I'm surprised by anything. We have a pretty good visibility into these businesses. I have managed Time Warner assets in the past, now granted, it's 15 years ago. But, for instance, I knew about seasonality in Florida, having managed those assets in the past, with snowbirds and so forth. And I would say that the pricing and packaging and the variability of offers is the most interesting opportunity to fix quickly. It creates a lot of activity and confusion in the marketplace both for the consumer and for the employees of the company. And so, I think having a more logical, efficient selling machine will cause a lot of activity to go away quickly. And there's a lot more complexity there than even I thought was there. All of which means there's more upside.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Right. Look, the pricing and packaging is mostly done incrementally. But it does require you to retrain your workforce and to set up processes to provide the products that you want to sell. So, we need to make sure that we have an advanced video product in every market where we launch pricing and packaging that our data speeds can be taken up to where they need to be. And it's logistically complex but not that disruptive to the consumer. What is disruptive to the consumer, though, is continued all-digital rollouts. That requires hardware going into consumer homes. So, about 40% of Time Warner assets are not all-digital currently, and 50% of Bright House are not all-digital. So, those transactions are more disruptive, but necessary in order to get you in a place where you have a superior product set relative to all your competitors. If you look at the history of Charter and its growth rate, and its trending schedules as you'd inquire about, they're a good proxy for what we expect to happen going forward in these new assets. The difference in these assets is that physically, they're in better shape, so there's probably less capital required in them. But from a consumer perspective and driving revenue and driving consumer stats, the Charter experience is a good proxy. With regard to your question on the guide, yes, there are some issues around the guide in rolling it out in the new assets. And they have to do with provisioning systems. So, you have three different companies that talk to their hardware; modems, voice devices, as well as TV set-top boxes and create the billing environment and the control environment around all of that hardware in the field, as well as the billing environment that goes over top of that. All of those things are separate functions that have to be integrated and require an IT infrastructure over top of all of the existing Legacy's structures to unify what products can go where. And the guide, to some extent, has to wait for that physical infrastructure to get put in place. So, we think we can do that as we roll out the all-digital strategy. And we don't think it's gating or anything like that, but it takes time and it's complicated.
Thomas M. Rutledge: With regard to your question on higher churn. First, we weren't managing those assets through the quarter, most of the quarter. And so, we don't have a direct connection to what happened or is happening. But it's really a function of the pricing and packaging and the way that the business has been marketed, and our view is that both Bright House and Time Warner pricing and packaging lend themselves to higher churn than the way Charter prices and packages. And so, until we get the business priced and packaged properly, we'll have churn rates in the legacy properties probably higher than Legacy Charter. At least that's our expectation. So, as a result of that, our strategy is to change the way those businesses market their services.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Well, Ben, I think the biggest opportunity continues to be selling against satellite. If you look those 7 million data only subs, a substantial portion of them are satellite customers.
Thomas M. Rutledge: And that has to do with the analog nature of the video product that the cable companies sell. And by going all-digital and using your two-way interactive platform, you can build a better video product than your competitors, in my opinion, which is why I think Charter is growing its video business year-over-year. It's a slow process. The inertia is real in the marketplace. But it's – I think, Charter has turned the video business positively, and I think the same is possible in Time Warner and Bright House, but it requires the proper investment in a video product, which means you need a two-way product with an excellent user interface and all the functionality and features that you get from an Internet type like service with live, fully-featured content. So, I think there's still lots of upside selling traditional MVPD products, the cable service to customers who have broadband only. That said, there is an income issue with television. It's very expensive to buy the whole package. It's hard to sell smaller packages that resonate in the market and are sticky and satisfy consumers. And various marketing tactics have been tried to skinny down the product. The problem is skinny-ing it down to the right place with the right package and satisfying people who are financially challenged. And we'll continue to explore relationships with content companies to do that. But I also think that you can make a fully featured service more attractive and more worth what it does cost. And we can use that to drive into the marketplace.
Christopher L. Winfrey: That's the annualized run rate by the time we get to the end of the first year of $600 million. You'll recall that, I think, originally, we had said that was about $400 million at the time of the announcement of the transaction. If I remember, I think it was $500 million for financing purposes. So, it's higher than what we expected to be a run rate by the end of the first year since close.
Christopher L. Winfrey: Hey, Jonathan. This is Chris. What you're getting at is actually really complex because of all the different transactions that are involved, but I'll try to simplify it a little bit. There was a higher amount of churn at Legacy TWC in Q2. A lot of that was also coming from downgrades at the point where we had promotional pricing roll-off. That's a function of not having the highest quality product that you could offer in place at the best price you could offer and making it competitive in the marketplace and not having a consistent way of rolling the pricing up at promotion, which means essentially that the product doesn't stick.
Christopher L. Winfrey: So, in terms of going forward, the more the base that you can get on pricing and packaging, the more sticky that base becomes not only in the face of competition but also in the context of step-up in price. But you're still exposed along the way to the Legacy base that hasn't migrated to new pricing and packaging as to what happens to them at roll-offs, what you allow them to roll off to, what retention offers you have in place, and how quickly you can either proactively or reactively migrate that base into the new pricing and packaging. It's fairly complex. No different than what was done at Legacy Charter in the 2012 to 2014 time period. So, we'll just manage through it the same way that we did then.
Christopher L. Winfrey: On the expense side, Ben, I don't want to get into the mode of providing guidance, but based on what I've already said, I think you can deduce a few things going through the three categories that you listed. Programming, we only had half a quarter, in essence, of Charter being in a closed status. And in addition to that, you had a number of one-time bad guys at legacy Charter, some of which was contingent fees that are going to be paid on closing to programmers. So, by definition, that means that result improves. Going against that grain over time is that if you're putting a rich video product into the marketplace and you're selling more expanded as Tom was talking about, that's not rate-based growth of programming. That's volume-based that's accompanied by higher revenue and less churn. So, we look at the transaction piece of that as rate versus volume. The second piece that you highlighted was cost to serve, where the cost to serve is really benefiting from the significant operating synergies that exist at legacy Charter as a result of having a simpler product in the marketplace for customers knowing that when you step up rate that is a fair rate and not continuing to keep on calling in to do a deal, reduces your call volume, reduces your churn. And in-source labor being – in-source labor also being a key function as well. Then going the other way, so that's legacy Charter which is really helping the results. We're going to continue to in-source at TWC and Bright House. It's going to create some of the same pressures that we saw at Charter in the cost to serve line at the beginning, as we in-source a labor force that needs to be trained up and you have parallel outsourced resource in place while you're doing that. So, it's going to be dynamic as we go. For the other category, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, this includes corporate, advertising, enterprise, and particularly from a corporate perspective, a lot of the head count reductions didn't really occur or begin to occur until June. And those will be continuing on for some time, so there should be some improvements in that line item on a go-forward basis.
Christopher L. Winfrey: And look, our goal here is even if it costs us a little bit more by putting a richer product in place on programming or whether it costs us more up front to put in-sourcing in place for cost to serve and things like IT and whatnot, is to generate operating leverage at the back end by being able to scale it upfront and reduce transactions over time and make more of the revenue flow through to EBITDA.
Christopher L. Winfrey: So, we're not going to be providing CapEx guidance. But I think the thing that is clear is that the – one of the big drivers for spend in the first half of the year on a pro forma basis, again managing – it wasn't us managing the combined CapEx, we're just reporting on it today on a pro forma basis. But there is, obviously, the significant amount of all-digital activity that was continuing at TWC. And that will be largely put on hold as we put in the Charter all-digital strategy the beginning of next year. The results of some what I believe is pull-forward of good capital, but significant pull-forward of capital around CMTS and routers and some of that type of activity that should slow down a little bit as well. But the danger in providing CapEx guidance or even expectations is, frankly, if we see the opportunity to go make an investment that's going to put the company in a position to grow faster, then we're going to do that inside of a particular quarter or inside of a particular last 12 months or fiscal year. And our view on the trends of CapEx is that capital intensity will go down significantly once we get through the all-digital program. But from a timing perspective, we see opportunities to grow faster by investing quicker, even though the total gross dollars invested may not be any different. We'll pull it forward as we need to and we don't want to be beholden to slowing down the growth trajectory of the company to meet what is in our view kind of an artificial target. So, no, we won't be providing an outlook for this year. But I think if you take a look at the way that we've managed capital in the past at Charter. It's meant to be efficient and to drive faster growth.
Christopher L. Winfrey: So, now, you're backing me into guidance. So, look, the business is delevering at, call, it half a turn a year, that's what we expected even though CapEx was being spent at a more elevated level, and it included the duplicative portion of the CapEx, which is three different companies spending on IT and different types of product development and those kind of corporate expenditures as they spend at least two or if not three times over. So, that's another area that it should automatically get more efficient. But, yeah, I think, we're going to delever fast and it's a first-class problem to have is to where to deploy the capital which is why I've spent some time on it in the past couple of calls and make sure people understand the priority of how we'll opportunistically deploy our excess free cash flow over time.
