Robert D. Marcus: Sure, Craig. I think the reality is that the policy we've been following since the announcement of the Comcast deal has essentially been continue on the same course we would've been on had none of the deals been announced. And that same policy is going to guide us during the pendency of the Charter transaction and that includes making investments both for here-and-now benefits of improving customer experience, but also for longer-term benefits of growing the business. So we're certainly, in addition to rolling out Maxx, which is having benefits in real-time, we're continuing to invest for growth. We're investing in residential line extensions, continuing to connect commercial establishments to our network. We're rolling out WiFi as we have been and we're continuing to evolve our products, including video, high-speed data and phone. So the reality is we're thinking like long-term managers in spite of the pendency of the transaction.
Robert D. Marcus: Yeah, the decision regarding our pricing and packaging is wholly our own and independent of the transaction. Until the deal closes or until we get regulatory approval, we have no choice but to run the business independently. And the decisions we've made on the $90 triple play is completely an independent decision that we think is best for the business.
Robert D. Marcus: Ben, you're right in that the comparables on the advertising sales side in Qs 3 and 4 are challenging, given last year being a political year, but, as Bill said, we think the revenue ramp on the residential front, given subscriber performance all year, is going to more than offset that in Q4.
Robert D. Marcus: The only thing I'd add to that is that from an industry structure perspective, in roughly a quarter of our footprint, the deal results in two competitors becoming one. And, generally speaking, that's a positive for all the players in the industry.
Robert D. Marcus: All right. On CapEx, again, we're not going to give specific guidance, I think, until we're complete on the rollout of TWC Maxx. And until we've retired all of, sort of what I would refer to as, last-generation consumer premises equipment, I would expect that CapEx is going to continue at a somewhat elevated rate. But I think on a longer time horizon, your point is well taken, which is that as we deliver our video product in IP, it enables customers to use any of their customer-owned IP-enabled devices to consume the video product. And that in time will result in fewer customers leasing boxes that we have to spend capital on and more bringing their own device. So I do think that that, in theory, promises to reduce CPE capital, but I think that's a multi-year kind of event. And at this point in time, we're anticipating that we're going to continue to provide the best possible equipment for our customers that we deliver. You know, we do offer customers an opportunity to bring their own modems. And I think it's roughly 12% of our base is bringing their own modems, but that means the vast majority of modems are still being purchased by Time Warner Cable. As far as competitiveness in the quarter, I would only say that our connects were up in both FiOS and U-verse markets. And in fact our connects in U-verse markets did better year-over-year than in any other part of the footprint. And on the disconnect side, disconnects were down in both FiOS and U-verse markets and, in fact, were down most in FiOS markets. So I think the simple characterization of the quarter is that we did well against all competitors and that gave rise to the really outstanding subscriber results that we reported.
Robert D. Marcus: Look, U-verse historically has offered a pretty competitive product and they certainly have offered speeds that are faster than in traditional DSL markets. So I think it's maybe in part based on product superiority, but I think it has a lot to do with just pure execution on our side.
Robert D. Marcus: Okay. So as far as year-end Maxx completion, while we're accelerating the start of the rollout in Wilmington and Greensboro, we're not going to complete Maxx in those markets this year, so we won't get to speed increases. We'll probably start the process of going all digital, which frees up the bandwidth, and then we'll follow that up with speed increases next year. So the projection of 40% to 50% by year-end is still a good number to work with, but it will mean that earlier next year than had been anticipated, customers in Greensboro and Wilmington will start to get the benefits of Maxx. As far as our all-digital play, we put DTAs on outlets that previously had no CPE unless a customer chooses to take a full set-top box, but we don't mandate it. So that's that one. The last question, refresh my memory.
Robert D. Marcus: We're not going to provide any more granularity. We've always shied away from giving specifics, churn stats, but suffice it to say that voluntary churn, when you take voluntary churn and non-paid churn, those are the ones that really are a reflection of the kind of experience that customers are having. And those are the ones we target the most. So success on voluntary churn is a big deal for us.
Robert D. Marcus: All right. I actually view the two topics almost entirely separately. So let's start with usage-based pricing, which we've been implementing for some time for explicit tiers of service. That has, from our perspective, never been about managing over-the-top video consumption or discouraging customers from using other people's video product. It's been 100% about matching price and value. So the goal of usage-based pricing was to offer customers who use less bandwidth, who maybe just do e-mail, an opportunity to pay less and have an Internet offering that better meets their demands for both usage and price. So it's all about customer segmentation and customer choice. With respect to peering, we have both settlement-free peering relationships and paid peering relationships and to the extent that there is an exchange of money, either from us or to us in our peering relationships, those are really designed not to generate an independent revenue stream, to create another business, but rather to make sure that there's an alignment of interest between us and the counterparty in how efficiently we utilize available capacity. So that's really the way we think about those two areas.
Robert D. Marcus: Look, different providers have had different philosophies on these things. When I mentioned usage-based pricing, I don't want to minimize the fact that we have been completely committed to delivering an unlimited broadband offering in connection with whatever else we do, because we know customers do place a value on the peace of mind that comes with unlimited plans. So we never had any intention of substituting the availability of unlimited with exclusively usage-based programs. And let's not forget that the vast majority of our customers do, in fact, take those unlimited plans. So I guess I'm not surprised to hear Charter having a different point of view about that. Look, I'm not going to comment specifically about the new Charter peering policy from a substance point of view, but I will say that the fact that it addresses a specific concern that's been raised by some opponents of the merger and, at least in theory, takes that issue off the table, that's a net positive for getting our deal done, so we're pleased with it.
Robert D. Marcus: I think there's really two things driving it, Phil, and you hit on one of them. And I think Bill covered it in his prepared remarks, and that is this inflow of new connects at promotional pricing. And when you do better on the connect side, inherently, although the overall connect revenue goes up, there is some dilution of ARPU. The second thing we shouldn't lose track of is remember that we've moved now to a unified price increase, meaning we increase prices and add fees one time a year per customer. We did that in Q1 this year and we did it in Q2 last year, so that it's not a surprise to us that ARPU growth in Q2 was not quite as strong as it was in Q1, because we've lapped last year's increase. So I think that's essentially what's going on. I don't know, guys, if you want to add anything to that.
Robert D. Marcus: Let me start with something that I've said many times before, which is that at the highest level, we embrace over-the-top video to the extent that customers choose to avail themselves of video over-the-top. It highlights the value of the high-speed data offering that we deliver, we think, better than anybody else. So we think it would be foolish to resist what might otherwise be an attractive behavioral trend. To the extent that we want to make sure that on the video side we don't lose customers to over-the-top, the way to do that is to compete aggressively and ensure that our video product is the best that's out there. And for what we deliver, I continue to believe that it is the best that's out there. The breadth of content is far better than anything that's delivered over-the-top. Quality of the picture is better, and availability of on-demand choice is better. So I feel like we can compete on that front. And to the extent we don't, shame on us. As far as the impact that more and more direct-to-consumer offerings have on our ability to sell, well, look, as long as the playing field is even and costs are comparable, I think we'll be able to compete effectively. To the extent that programmers begin to offer, on a direct basis, their offerings at prices which are either lower than they offer them to us on a wholesale basis at or in some other way on a more attractive packaging basis, in other words, with more flexibility to package the way they want, well, then I think it's going to undercut our ability to sell. And that's going to be a negative for us, but maybe more significantly, it's going to be a negative for the primary distribution channel for all of those video providers. So we'll have to see how it plays out. I think we all have to proceed with our eyes wide open as to what the impact might be.
Robert D. Marcus: On skinny bundles, James, look, I've been intrigued for a long time about the idea of giving customers more choice about the video products that they take. And, in fact, we've experimented with some of the same things that you're seeing other players in the industry experiment with now. We'll continue to watch it. We're fans of giving customers flexibility. That said, I will point out, and it sometimes gets lost in all of the headlines about skinny bundles, 80% of our video base now takes what people refer to as the full bundle. We call it our Preferred video product. And 82% of video connects took that offering. And the reason they do is because it's a great value. So I think choice is great. Experimenting with skinny bundles is great. And we'll do it to the extent that we see stuff working in the marketplace and it's consistent with our agreements with programmers, but we shouldn't lose track of the value of the bundle we offer as well.
Robert D. Marcus: Look, it's an opportunity we've all talked about. There are certainly Enterprise customers today who are interested in one-stop shopping and that tend to go to one of the big telcos that, in theory, would be anxious to work with cable if we could figure out a way to ensure that they had end-to-end visibility across the network and common pricing and all of the things you get when you deal with one provider. So I think it's an intriguing opportunity, but it's complex, to say the least, when you have to work with a network that's owned by multiple providers.
Robert D. Marcus: And I think, on average, when we go all-digital, we're basically, on average, it's about two DTAs per customer, thereabouts.
Robert D. Marcus: Admittedly, since the announcement of the Comcast deal, which dates back to February of 2014, we haven't had the pace of programming renegotiations that we might ordinarily have. So I'm not sure that the recent events yet have filtered into our programming negotiations, so I'd be basing it on theory as opposed to on actual experience. In theory, though, I think it's fair to say that if customers can get programming outside of our video offering, that that, in a sense, diminishes the leverage of the programmers as they negotiate with us, because if we don't have the video product, customers can still get it. And, therefore, they don't have to switch from us to some other video provider in order to get that particular programming. So that's the theoretical answer to the question. I think we'll see how it plays out in practice. Give me the second one. Sorry.
Robert D. Marcus: Ah, Yes. Well, look, that has happened in programming disputes before. We think that it's the flip side of open Internet and something that we've urged regulators to ensure that they provide protection against, because I think it really works against the consumer when they buy Internet product, but can't necessarily get everything that they think they otherwise would have had access to because it's available for free. So whether or not programmers will go down that path, I don't know. Some have in the past. And if they do, we'll certainly challenge that kind of behavior with regulators.
Robert D. Marcus: I think they do understand it and I think that it's a kind of a natural corollary of their interest in open Internet.
William F. Osbourn, Jr.: Yeah. As far as the remainder of 2015, there are a number of factors going on. In particular, as far as on the expense side, there are some timing issues with relative to Q3 versus Q4 in the programming, bad debt, marketing and other cost areas that impact Q3 more than Q4. And then the expectation is that there would be some revenue generation also as a result of the stronger subscriber metrics this year that would be picking up in the latter half of the year, but a lot of it, most of it, is really due to the timing of certain expenses.
William F. Osbourn, Jr.: Yeah. I mean, just as I said in the prepared remarks, it's really just a factor of us driving volume, promotional discounts on triple plays and adding those to the base at a lower amount, tempering the ARPU growth.
William F. Osbourn, Jr.: You know, our whole view of retention hasn't really changed since the middle part of 2014. I think that what we're doing is getting better at executing it. So our view is that we will always rather save the customer than lose the customer, but I think we're pretty disciplined about not giving away the farm in doing that.
Thomas W. Eagan: Great. Thank you very much. A follow-up question on the programmer OTT services, I guess what is the impact on the negotiating leverage between the operator and the programmer, do you think? And then also, have you seen the programmers' threat to block the data subscribers' access to their site? Great. Thanks.
Thomas W. Eagan: Well, it was just I think that that makes sense unless the programmer blocks the access from the data...
Thomas W. Eagan: Does the FCC seem to have an ear on this? Or I know in the past the Chairman, for example, he has understood that problem. I'm not sure if the current one does.
