Thomas M. Rutledge: Well, it will take – it will take some time to roll out new pricing and packaging across Time Warner and Bright House. The plan is to, as I described, to continue the all-digital project that is going on currently at Time Warner and to initiate a similar project at Bright House in the Tampa area, and as we do that to roll out new pricing and packaging behind it. We also intend to launch, within a matter of four months or so, new pricing and packaging against the parts of the company that have already gone all-digital and to get it rolled out over the period of time it takes to do all-digital, which could take through the end of 2018.
Thomas M. Rutledge: I think, yes. We're going to have to integrate those assets into our packaging and pricing, and we're going to have costs associated with that. And we – our objective is to actually accelerate the growth rate. And in order to do that, we're going to spend more capital by going all-digital and putting two-way interactive boxes on every outlet, and we're going to package in such a way that we think we get longer-term revenue growth and get that revenue growth over a longer period of time with the quality of the products that we're selling into the market. So, they've done very well, which we're very pleased with. The assets are in better shape than we'd even planned for, which is a great relief. But we do have plans to spend money and spend capital in order to have a uniform product that we think creates a longer-term growth prospect that will produce consistent long-term growth rates.
Thomas M. Rutledge: And to further answer your question, that ActiveVideo technology platform allows us to use existing set-top boxes and put a state-of-the-art user interface on those already deployed boxes and not have to replace those boxes so that they essentially become state-of-the-art boxes. And that's the capital advantage of having that vendor relationship.
Thomas M. Rutledge: I'm not sure that that – I can't verify that your number is correct off the top of my head. So – but our plan will be to let them come out of the marketplace in a natural way and we're not going to go force them out. So as we transact business and move people into new pricing and packaging, we'll give the new customer base on the new pricing platform two-way boxes on every outlet. So, there will be DTAs in some of these markets for years to come.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Well. Ben, you're right. I've spent a lot of time there, but focused on other things. From Charter's point of view, we don't charge for modems and we try to keep our box prices low, relatively speaking. And we have made our applications available on other set-top boxes that consumers can purchase. And so, from a – if you just look at it as people being concerned about the price of boxes, we think that our operating practices fit with that goal. The control of copyright and the control of privacy are real issues and we have strong views that they should be protected. With regard to special access, we haven't seen the full scope of that yet, only what's been publicized and we're a nascent player in that market with – the whole cable industry I think is less than 10% penetrated against that very large marketplace. And so it seems premature to me to be thinking about regulating a new entrant to a marketplace.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Hard disconnects mean a truck trip to telephone pole and then a reconnect on every transaction. So, it's really your churn rate times two transactions.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Yeah. But I think the operating cost strategy that we have is something that we've been working on for a long time and I'm very proud that it's actually showing up now before we get a lot of confusing numbers going forward. We have been working on a pricing and packaging strategy that reduces activity all through the marketing process and the activation process of customers is designed to increase the life of subscriptions. So, for the same dollars of revenue, with longer customer life, meaning less churn, same dollars of revenue, you have less costs per customer because you have less physical activity per dollar of revenue. And though by maintaining our plant properly and by improving the quality of our craftsmanship by our employee base which we've been hiring and training, we reduced service calls. And that further improves customer satisfaction which improves subscriber life and all of those things are taking transaction costs out of the business. Even though our labor costs on a per-transaction basis are going up, our transaction reductions are exceeding that rate of increase in cost per transaction, and overall costs of running the business are going down. That's a very virtuous cycle.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Yeah. I don't know how high broadband penetration can go. I think it continues to rise. I think there are other – there are substitution possibilities on the margins that are already occurring. But I think that we have a better infrastructure and we've invested in that better infrastructure, and I think we have an opportunity to take significant share. Broadband or high-speed data as a product is in the 80% of households penetration rate already. I think that'll slowly grow. But our share of it has substantial upside and we intend to take advantage of our assets and try to get there as fast as we can.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Right. Well, the DOJ's consent decree is actually public, and they made comments in their release stating that there wasn't anything in our particular practices that was concern of theirs. But it was more things they discovered in some of the Time Warner agreements. So, our go-to-market strategy and our programming relationships are designed to encourage the sale of our existing products and the development of over-the-top products. Our broadband package and the capabilities of our broadband service are realized when customers use it. And they use it when they subscribe to over-the-top services. Video is the most bandwidth-intensive product there is. So, we have a superior network, which we've invested to make superior. We've cleared it to create more spectrum available for broadband. We've taken broadband speeds up and capabilities up, and the way that our drive into the marketplace is accelerated is by people perceiving the value of our broadband, and the way they perceive that value is through over-the-top. So, we can hold all those concepts in our head at the same time and go to market, and we do. And we do think that there – that the market is evolving and the price value of products are evolving, and we look to take advantage of that where we can, using our scale and using our strategy with programmers and our relationships with programmers to be as efficient as possible.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Well, I don't think if it requires any coordination per se, but it does – it is a huge opportunity and we're very underpenetrated, which goes to my comment earlier which is that from our perspective, we're a new entrant, a nascent entrant into an established market. And it's a big market and our penetration is low and our ability to provide high-quality products and to grow that business is good. And so, we don't think it should be necessarily regulated any differently than it is today, but especially for new entrants.
Thomas M. Rutledge: No, I should be clear that we serve the business enterprise space today and we sell 10-Gig Internet products, Ethernet products. And we can sell those through a large portion of our footprint. So, from a technology platform perspective, we're highly capable. And we can create new products and take speeds up, whatever the theoretical threshold speeds are, optically we can do and we can efficiently build fiber optics to enterprise customers. So, we already have a full range of customers and full range of products, but our penetration is relatively low.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Yeah. So I – the way to think about it isn't really to think about ARPU, but to think about the growth rate which we set an accelerated 68% year-over-year. So, we actually created lower priced bundles of packages and we're driving much faster and deeper into the marketplace and the revenue growth associated with that will begin to show up in the following quarters and it will track from a curve perspective very similarly to what we've done in the residential business.
Thomas M. Rutledge: It's really a revamp of our strategy to go to a more fast-growing market share strategy in SMB, just like we do in residential.
Christopher L. Winfrey: So, let me start with the second one. No, that's not the right interpretation, although I'm glad you asked it because it should highlight for people. I was giving a commitment that we'll report that amount on a going-backwards basis of how much is realized inside the quarter for two years. It could end up being longer depending on where we're actually at. I think what we've said in the past is that we expect synergies could be – over the course of three years, could be fully baked into the actuals and that wasn't a change of where I think I could be. So, after two years, we'll evaluate where we are. But I wanted to give people some clarity about how we were going to report the business in the upcoming two years at a minimum. On the ActiveVideo JV that we have with ARRIS, it's a productive relationship that we have both with the management team at ActiveVideo as well as ARRIS who owns 65%. We have a couple of board seats on that investment. We're treated as an independent third-party vendor inside the relationship with ActiveVideo. So, I guess the benefit would be the ability to see what the pipeline of product that they have coming in the future and to have oversight in terms of how that's being developed elsewhere. But we saw an attractive product that we were using, amongst other vendors in our Spectrum Guide platform, and we thought it was an interesting equity investment, but also of strategic importance to Charter.
Christopher L. Winfrey: Maybe I get the first two, we can tag team the third. On the $800 million, I think there was a general misconception right from the get-go as what we call synergies; $800 million was a three-year run rate of transaction synergies. What we don't include in that is the amount of operating synergies that come from taking a different philosophy towards pricing and packaging and insourcing service and lowering the amount of transactions. So, the transaction synergies, we're not getting an update on our thoughts around that other than to think that it was – other than to say that we always thought it was conservative; we still do. But that's really tied to the elimination of duplicate overhead programming and other transaction-related synergies of just putting the companies together; it's not a change in the operating strategies which is how you get an additional profitability for passing over time. So, one can argue and say, well, the synergies are obviously much, much higher than the $800 million and I would agree with that; but that's really a change in the way that the businesses are operating as opposed to M&A transaction synergies, which is what the $800 million refers to. On programming timing, yes, we believe we'll step into the Time Warner Cable rate card in the appropriate places effectively at close. And on DTAs, I don't have the number in front of me.
Christopher L. Winfrey: On the cost to service, no, there's not any one-time benefit that's sitting inside the number, that's real operating leverage, if you want to use that term. It is directly a result of lower service calls to the call centers and significantly lower service truck rolls out in the field. And so what that means is that your ability to have a larger number of customers with a higher amount of revenue and a lower underlying operating cost because you have fewer calls and truck rolls taking place, that continues to improve at Charter. And we've just made some additional changes that Tom mentioned in terms of stopping to do hard disconnects now that we have the plant secured (36:24).
Christopher L. Winfrey: Ben, you'll remember what it took to get there. So, it took a lot of quarters of higher investment both in CapEx and OpEx, patients on the revenue line to develop as you went after growth for the reasons that Tom talked about and to put in the right operating practices. So similar to what we had at Charter, as we go put that in place on a larger set of assets at Time Warner Cable and Bright House, those Charter shareholders have been around with us for a while, we'll recognize that and new shareholders will need to look back to what we did and how it developed to see the progress.
Christopher L. Winfrey: I think what we're trying to do is avoid giving a guidance because typically we don't. And we think we can grow, and that structurally between TWC, Bright House and Charter, there shouldn't be that much difference in terms of where the penetration can get through amongst the three set of assets.
Christopher L. Winfrey: On ARPU, there are structural differences between Time Warner Cable, Bright House and Charter and that's really a function of how they've gone to market. The biggest one is just the amount of single, double and triple play, which I think we and TWC both disclosed if you work through the numbers there. They've been going to market over the past year, year and a half with a pretty similar triple play, but they still have a very different box for equipment pricing model. And that's one of the areas that we're going to have to work through with new pricing and packaging to put that into the Charter format so that you can have longer-term growth with lower amount of equipment rental and in some cases, no equipment rental in the case of modem fees, and so that does make a difference, and it's pretty similar to Time Warner Cable and Bright House. So there are structural differences in the ARPU. And our goal would be to make sure that as we go through new pricing and packaging, that we actually don't hurt revenue along the way as that continued to grow, both through subscriber volume and customer relationship volume as well as additional PSUs per household.
Christopher L. Winfrey: We'd be happy to discuss that once the transactions have finally been approved and all the documents and information are public. But I don't think right now is the time to discuss it.
Christopher L. Winfrey: I don't think so currently, although there have been cases where auctions have been reopened. But as far as I know, no.
Christopher L. Winfrey: Thanks, everyone for taking the time to do the call. And we look forward to speaking to you at the Q2 results hopefully as the New Charter, which we've decided to call Charter. Thanks again.
