Tom Rutledge: So Jonathan, its Tom. On the CapEx guidance going forward, we do think that in general going forward beyond 2019 and beyond our guidance that capital intensity will come down. That's a function of revenue growth and continued opportunities to be more efficient with our capital spending. But I think the best way to think about it is that it really depends on how fast you're growing to some extent, and how fast the opportunities to become more efficient are, in terms of your customer service infrastructure. So I think that we'll leave it as we said, that it's generally getting more efficient because of the operating opportunities that the network configuration provides us, meaning cloud-based services, IP-based services, lower CPE. But connected to your other question about non-programming costs, we think that that will also be down materially going forward, as a result of our ability to self-service customers and our ability to provide a better customer service experience which will reduce transactions in general. That reduces capital and it reduces operating costs. So we actually think we end up in a world with higher margins and lower capital intensity.
Tom Rutledge: All right, Ben. So on the video business, which we talked about a lot, obviously, the video business is going through changes. But there's a lot of consistency as well in the video business in terms of the way bundled packages still remain the primary services that we offer. I think we embraced where the marketplace is going. And we want to have people use video services on our network. And we think there are ways for us to be in the connected video business in a way that continues to provide incremental margins for us being in that business at the same time using the video business to drive our core business, which is connectivity. And the mix of direct-to-consumer and the mix of direct-to-consumer hardware Bring Your Own Device in the video space, I think will change through time. And we're going to allow it to change as the market dictates and try to make our products work best on every device that we provide. There's still significant opportunities for us providing CPE devices to consumers, bringing in all of their services together in one consistent way. That said, there are consumers that definitely want CPE and there may be CPE vendors that create great CPE. And we're open to being a supermarket of video services, however, those services develop. And we think that that we can run our traditional models and new models simultaneously. And when we look at video usage on our network it's actually going up.
Tom Rutledge: The one thing I would also add is that, the mix of capital that we're allocating and the capital we do spend is increasing toward the network which is the Internet and the speed and the capability of the Internet. And so while video the cost per byte video CPE are coming down and the cost to provide customer connectivity in the home and service throughout the home are coming down, due to the ability to self provision relationships. The actual investment in the network capability itself is going up, all the while capital intensity is coming down in the aggregate for the home business.
Tom Rutledge: Well, on the cost to service should – we did say in the fourth quarter that we saw churn reductions. Those churn reductions come from our ability to manage the operation better, including how we create new customers but also the quality of the service infrastructure that we're providing and its impact on customer life. And so to the extent that we're able to create a satisfied customer base by creating products at reasonable prices that have low friction in them from a relationship perspective meaning we have less service calls and we’ll have a lesser friction in the transaction and scheduling of activity that creates an environment where the average customer life gets greater and you have less transactions per consumer. And that means that you have less cost per consumer. And so you can have – so in a static environment without growth, you get significant margin improvements. And in a growth environment you get a less expensive growth environment. And so that's how we see the business developing and why we made the investments we did.
Tom Rutledge: Sure. There's a lot there. On the NBCU opportunity, I think they have a good point and there is a huge opportunity in creating advertiser-generated programming services for the business and they're less expensive. And so I think there's details to work out there. But I think that conceptually, it makes a lot of sense. In terms of our ad sales growth, I do think we have created, using analytics and other methods, a better advertising model that allows us to create higher CPMs for our advertising business and therefore to generate more money out of that business than other advertisers in the broadcast space who don't have those capabilities. We have a unique two-way interactive plant. We have the ability to target advertising and to help our advertising customers get more effective advertising in the television space. And we're taking advantage of that. We've also built a great sales force and we're on the streets. And we own a lot of local markets in terms of our capabilities as a sales group. And we've reaped the benefit of that in our ad sales growth in 2018. With regard to 5G, we're going to 10G. And our network is highly capable and we have a pathway to 10-gig symmetrical now spaced-out that we announced at CES as an industry. We just went to 1-gig as you know in 2018 and rolled that out across our footprint. And that's faster than the 5G fixed wireless deployments that have been spoken about so publicly. And we think that broadband consumption, data consumption will continue to grow at a very fast rate and that our network is easy to upgrade, inexpensive to upgrade and quick to upgrade to take advantage of the future marketplace that this mass of data throughput -- that growth dictates will be required. So when we look at 5G as a fixed mobile business, it is possible to use it that way. It's not very efficient from a capital expenditure perspective in our view, because you need essentially to get – to spend an awful lot of capital to get close enough to the home to actually make 5G work effectively. So we're comfortable with our network and its capability. We're comfortable that broadband data consumption will continue to grow rapidly and that we can provide a better broadband experience at less cost than alternatives.
Tom Rutledge: So, Vijay, we're rolling our guide out on the increment as a result of the transaction and the bringing of the networks together which were all someone incompatible from a CPE and network architectural perspective. We changed our guide architecture to some extent. But we're now rolling it out on the increment pretty much everywhere and it is significant improvement. Not that our existing experience in most of our markets isn't good, but the guy that we have is better. And we think without a lot of data yet that it will provide a more lasting experienced for the consumer. We've also put that guy on our apps and we put the guide in our CPE that was retailing and in the CPE that others are retailing for us. And it's actually getting distributed quite rapidly in that space. So we think it's an excellent consumer experience and we think that it'll add to our ability to do what I said earlier in the video business which is to both sell bundled packages Stream packages à la carte packages and to do those in a way that is coherent and consumer friendly across all devices in the home including our own mobile devices. In terms of share shift, we continued to shift share pretty much everywhere we operate. And I guess some more than others. But our share is generally with very few exceptions shifting toward us.
Tom Rutledge: But just to put that in Legacy Charter, the SPP or the pricing and packaging that we use is well into the 90 – high 90% range. And so you get the effect of lower churn in that environment and we're seeing the churn come down consistent with historic trends in Legacy Charter. But interestingly, Legacy Charter comes down, while Time Warner and Bright House come down. So the whole trend is improving, but there's still more significant upside in Time Warner.
Tom Rutledge: Well, yes. I'll speak to the mobile selling question. Yes, it's a significant transaction change, which changed in our model. And yes it has implications to wireline. We've seen -- as you know we -- as part of that we reduced the cost of wireline to less than $10 with the idea that it was a bolt-on product to a triple play with mobile. And so it has some implications to what will happen to wireline sell-in. We look at our wireline performance relative to all other wireline providers, it's significantly better. But how much of an impact that marketing change will have against a general trend of wireline substitution hard to say, but we don't think it's that material a driver to our economic performance. And we do think it's a good value for a lot of consumers.
Chris Winfrey: Just to add one thing to that, Jonathan, in case you're modeling it with respect to growth. The OpEx per customer relationship is going to come down materially, as Tom said. Depending on growth, if you're -- today we're growing customer relationships by 3.5%, I mean, our goal is to accelerate that customer relationship. So when we talk about the cost per, it's really in the context of cost per relationship and having a material decline. Given the fact that we had elevated bad debt last year and that's now behind us, I do think there's an opportunity to also reduce it on a gross basis but I think the key point here is tied to customer relationship growth and the cost per customer relationship is going to decline substantially this year.
Chris Winfrey: Ben on the CapEx step down, the question remitted to the amount of -- the significant amount of step down, which is already going to start occur in the first quarter of this year. You hit at some of the big ones on the head. That’s all-digital is now complete. DOCSIS 3.1 is now complete. Another item is that SPP migration naturally starts to slow. We now have over 70% of the acquired customers that are now migrating already to SPP, and just as you get further up the curve that level of migration slows. We've been in two and half years of pretty intense integration and a lot of those integration programs have either completed or the heavy expenditure related to them was completed. I'll give you one big example. A lot of the software development that we've talked about in order to be able to put it all of the call center field operations into a national standardized virtualized and specialized structure, a lot of that spend has occurred. And while some of those platforms are still being rolled out during 2019 and there's capital associated with that the level of CapEx attached to that is lower. The same thing would apply for a lot of the in-sourcing where we've done – where there's tools trucks, tools and equipment into big when there is also real estate when you think about call centers. It doesn't mean that some of the activity is not still going on in 2019. It is, but it's just at a significantly lower level. So those are big programs that are either wound up, or winding up. There are a couple of other trends that exist inside the business that will be continuing to go forward, to improve the capital expenditure per passing or the capital expenditure per customer relationship it. Some of it also ties to OpEx as well. We are increasing our self-installation rate. And so that has an impact both on OpEx as well as CapEx. And then the other areas that for a lot of the reasons that Tom just mentioned we are having a lower amount of new video CPE per installation. So when that comes about because of the market trends that Tom was talking about and our ability to just service that marketplace, the other piece comes from the fact that we just deployed, so much new CPE in the context of all-digital and through the SPP migration that you have a fully populated base of really capable video set-top boxes that are both qualm and IP capable in the marketplace. That means on the Internet when you're replacing a churning customer with a new customer they need to go out and buy new CPE is significant reduced for what it's been in the past couple of years.
Chris Winfrey: Doug your question on Q4 not looking at the analysis that you're starting to do my guess is that you've either included mobile operating costs and/or you haven't backed out advertising costs associated with political. So advertising if you just took out the political advertising but didn't take out the expense related to that, you might be able to get to know where you were coming out. But our margins when adjusted for political advertising margin with leading mobile outside increased year-over-year. As it relates to 2019, our goal for the entire year 2019 is on the cable side to increase our margin and some of that will depend on product mix and rate of growth. But our goal is to increase margin year-over-year in the cable side despite as you pointed out the lack of political advertising inside 2019. So that means organically quite a good development on the margin front. As it relates to a quarter-to-quarter there's seasonality depending on the level of connects typical in most cable companies Q1 through Q4. So I'd rather not get drawn into the seasonality and sequential development, but for the full year that's our goal subject to some of the caveats I mentioned.
Chris Winfrey: So across all three legacy entities Phil churn is coming down year-over-year, which means that Charter just continues – the Legacy Charter just continues to get better. There's still a market difference between the churn rate Legacy Charter which is the lowest in TWC and Bright House. Bright House [indiscernible] Florida market is probably going to have a more elevated churn just due to the [mover] ratio that exist in those markets. Otherwise the service – 
Chris Winfrey: That's right. And so I think there's still a long runway for both TWC and Bright House. And Charter even over the past three and half years has continued to get better and better on a churn ratio. But there's at least 10% differential that exists in the churn rate Legacy Charter to many of those other entities.
Chris Winfrey: I wouldn't call it an easy comp. But I mean the things that we've always said before, I want to make clear that project rates that the -- just because you hit January 1st and a lot of these programs and a lot of this disruption has slowed down quite a bit, doesn't mean that there's a complete seismic shift overnight. Similar to what we saw at Legacy Charter, there's momentum that gets built up in the marketplace. And most customers existing or non-subs don't wake up in January 1st and say now that disruption has stopped and let me either retain the service or subscribe. So I think it's still going to be a continuous improvement over longer periods of time. And I think looking at single quarters as indication of long-term success of the operating strategy isn't really the right way to do it. So I'm not saying it's an easier or difficult comp, but I don't think that there is anything that makes it an easy comp in Q1 year-over-year. And we expect to continue to improve throughout the year.
Chris Winfrey: I think it gives you a good retention price point over time. And those new customers coming in they are not subject to the same rate roll-off discussion, because it's a $10 add-on both at promotion as well as a roll-off and so it's always a tack-on value-added services. And the $10 it's less attractive to turn it off at a later point in time. In terms of the margin implications, John, in the majority of our markets our double-play acquisition pricing is at $90 whereas our triple play in the majority of our markets used to be $90. So I don't think there's any dramatic margin implications on an incremental basis going forward of what we're doing. So we sell double play in majority of our markets in video and Internet at $90, plus the mobile add-on to the extent somebody values the voice – fixed line voice service, it's a $10 tack-on from there versus an attractive price and it's not subject to some of the roll-off churn that you would've seen in the past. In terms of cable margin gap, I don't see anything between us and, for example, another large-scale cable operator that prevents us from being able to get the similar cable margins over time. The only the caveat, I'd say, is that we are a [triple play] cable operator, which means all of our corporate and overhead costs are embedded inside. When you look at cable for us, it's there. And so there's a bit of a dissimilarity which is inherent, if we were a conglomerate and had a whole host of different businesses and Tom Rutledge and Chris Winfrey equivalents wouldn't be inside the cable business per se. But...
Chris Winfrey: No. So that’s good. So that's the only thing I'd add. But I think as a general notion, we've always said that we thought there was an ability to, despite having programming cost increases year-over-year to be in a business that could generate over 40% EBITDA margins in cable and our view on that.
Chris Winfrey: Yeah. Look, given what I just said to John, I don't think the voice changed itself. From a total relationship perspective, it's going to have that much impact on customer relationship ARPU. If anything, you might argue that it could be slightly positive. But the GAAP allocation of revenue amongst these products is a hornet's nest. And I, for years, said I think the best way to take a look at what's happening with ARPU is take a look at ARPU per customer relationship and the trend there. And when you get down to that, then it's pretty simple. You have the promotional pricing of the bundle of products you sell, you have the roll-off, you have any rate increases. And the big one that folds in there which is pretty easy to model is the amount of single-play Internet sell-in, which even though it's attractive, has the impact of lowering your per relationship ARPU. And that is the biggest offset to the other factors that I just mentioned. So I would not try to model individual product line ARPUs, because I think it's a pretty deep GAAP allocation question. I'm not sure if that's useful to the public. I think the customer relationship ARPUs is the way to look at it, which is why we talked about that as opposed to some of the others.
Phil Cusick: Hey, thanks guys. Nice to see that we're coming out of this transition and I'm thinking about churn, you said churn is coming down it's what we'd expect. Can you remind us how churn in the Legacy Time Warner and Bright House basis compare now to Charter? And I'll go from there.
Phil Cusick: And the first derivative is bad debt. Can you remind us where bad debt was sort of early in the process versus on 4Q? And I guess that will continue to come down as well.
Phil Cusick: And last thing. You are very clear that the fourth quarter was a tough comp year-over-year on subs, should we think of 1Q as fairly easy comp? Or is anything else going on which you'd consider…
