Christopher Winfrey: And on the second question, Jonathan, I don't have the exact in front of me, but it's 3 million relationships roughly that have mobile and take the residential base of, what, 28 million, I guess you got to take SMB together so 30. So that gives you a sense there. On the impact of Spectrum One, I think the potential here for acquisition remains the biggest opportunity in terms of driving Internet net adds. Our wireless net additions in the quarter were largely driven by existing Internet upgrades still. So 75%, 80% of the lines came from existing Internet customers upgrading, which means they're paying lines, maybe get the second line for free or the third line paid for the majority of those being paying lines, which means the inverse of that is that new connects are also attaching with mobile as well. Even new connects -- new Internet connects are connected with mobile as well, although we're in a low transaction environment, which means we have lower gross adds. So there's a mathematical opportunity to increase both our Internet net adds and our convergence with even more mobile line adds as the market picks up. But there's the bigger opportunity, which is as we continue to message into the marketplace, the value and the benefits of a converged product, which really across our footprint, we're the only provider who can have those claims and have that better product and have that what we call gig-powered wireless. I think the real opportunity for Spectrum One convergence and wireless is to have a meaningful impact over time on Internet net additions, but it's early on. And I think because it's a completely new category, it's going to take a little while to educate into the marketplace. And the bulk of our wireless gains today are still coming from existing Internet customer upgrades.
Christopher Winfrey: It's a tricky question because the customers are going in for a sale, and we're attaching global Internet at the same time. So I think the easier way to think about it is to think about our progression between Q3 and Q4 with a few caveats. One is there's always seasonality. Those are decent quarters typically in a year. The second caveat is that when you have a large amount of adds and a large amount of disconnects inside the business, which all of us do, that can create outsized variability and outsized conclusions on your net adds because of small -- a very small difference in your gross adds or a small difference in your churn can have an outsized impact on your net adds. Now as we hopefully return to a higher net add growth rate and that variability declines, but that mass still remains. So from a Q4 perspective, we still have low transaction volume for all the reasons that Jessica mentioned. And we had the other factors that Jessica mentioned, so people should go back to that. But the bridge between 75,000 roughly Internet net adds in Q3, we had a little more rural that was behind us, and Spectrum One was contributing as well. And I think both of those were contributors to the small uptick that we saw in Q4. The bigger issue we face, as we keep on saying, is just the lower transaction volume in the marketplace, means fewer selling opportunities -- which means fewer selling opportunities for Spectrum One and at the same time as we educate the marketplace on the benefits of that converged product.
Christopher Winfrey: So Vijay, on the rural build, clearly, we've disclosed what we've won so far on the state grants that primarily come out of ARPA and NTIA funds. The BEAD process is still in process. And so the rules have not been fully clarified. They need to be right in order for it to make sense for us to invest, and we think they will. But then once the maps are clarified, contested, then there will be grants given out to the states in terms of how the funds are distributed. And then the states will have their own process in terms of how they allocate that. So in some sense, our outlook here is really dependent on the rules that get set, the timing of the allocation to the state and then how the states distribute. And so we're trying to do our best to provide some outlook based on the best view that we have today. But a lot of that's not entirely in our hands, and we're going to do the best we can. And we'll continue to provide updates along the way to the extent that we have better information.
Christopher Winfrey: I'll comment a little bit on the network question. And the -- so your question was whether the choice to not upgrade to symmetrical. Just as a reminder for everybody, the first 15% of the upgrade is going to be with DOCSIS 3.1 high split using integrated CMTS. That will give us 2 -- up to 2 by 1, 15% footprint. So if we can make that one by one, we could make that somewhere in between and make it symmetrical. But -- so we have the capabilities. It's just based on our assessment of where the market value is. 5 by 1 in the 50% of the footprint. And then what we think is a base case is 10 by 1, using 1.8 gigahertz DOCSIS 4.0 RPD in 35% of the footprint. Now -- the reason we're choosing that you can mix and match where you allocate your bandwidth based on what you think the customer demand, the marketing claims and the actual product and device capabilities are. So we have flexibility to make, for example, you can make a symmetrical speed of product out there, depending on where you set the split. And those options remain available to us. It's our view right now that the upstream demand today is much more of a marketing campaign as opposed to any real product demand. And we want to lead in those marketing claims, which is why we're doing what we're doing. We also have from a marketing claims perspective from a symmetrical that what we'll be deploying here allows a fiber drop in the -- as a remote OLT inside of the node. So that gives us marketing claims across the entire footprint for 25 symmetrical and over time, 50 or 100-gig symmetrical. Hard to imagine what, when and how that would ever be needed, but it gives us the opportunity to do that and market it at least in these communities to have that type of speed, not different from what we do with enterprise already today. So we have a lot of flexibility. That's what I think we really like about this plan. We can go fast. We can do it at a low cost. We can reset the up and downstream, and we can pivot where we need to go at a very attractive price. We can do it at a faster pace and a cheaper cost than all of our competitors and be out in front of any potential overbuild with a better product for the long term.
Christopher Winfrey: So Phil, let me parse the market a little bit in the broadband market. Clearly, in areas where we don't have a gig overlap, we are growing and continue to grow despite a low transaction volume marketplace. And despite some of the rollback to post-pandemic rollback to mobile-only that Jessica described. I don't think it will go all the way back, but we're all seeing a little bit of that taking place. So growing in that space. Typically in a gig overlap area, you have newly minted overbuild and you have existing overbuilt and existing overbuild we're growing and newly minted. You have a small setback upfront because you have just have a new competitor in the marketplace. And to the extent you have a higher amount of that, that mix impacts where you're going. In the fourth quarter, based on all the passings analysis that we look at, we actually grew despite that higher fiber overbuild inside of our footprint in the fourth quarter, we actually grew in that space despite the mix contribution of additional overbuild. So I think that's positive. And so that's -- it's small. And as you can tell through the net add numbers. But I think it's promising for the future, and that's even prior to having the benefit of additional marketing claims through the network evolution as well as having clearly the wind behind our sales over time of additional network expansion and the promise of having a fundamentally different and better product than any of our competitors can have through a converged offering that has gig powered wireless. So those initiatives, they won't happen inside of Q1 or Q2, but they'll continue to steadily increase and improve our position and ability to grow. The biggest one would be, if we can get market volume coming back, that would actually be the biggest contributor of growth more than any of the things that I just mentioned. I'd note as a tangential and somebody will ask it, and so I'll comment on it. We have not -- as we've talked about, we've not seen any demonstrable impact on our churn as it relates to fixed wireless access. And we think it could have had some impact on our gross adds, particularly on ads that we would have pulled from DSL. But when some pricing actions were taken in December, we saw for the first time a very limited impact on our voluntary term, but not where you would have expected it. It's actually in our non-gig overlap and in our MDU footprint where you have higher churn to customers, higher tendency to move around, higher tendency to non-pay. And so it was a -- maybe it's just a blip, but there's two linings to that. One is that, for the first time, we saw a small amount of churn related to that. And the flip side is those customers tend to be very mobile, if you will. And I think given the experience of that product even more so are used for the return of them coming back to a proper broadband product with or without convergence. So anyway, that's just food for thought around that. I hope that answers the question.
Christopher Winfrey: Maybe we'll ham and egg this between Tom and myself. But I want to go into talking about what we have headroom, and we have the ability to still create packages that create value for consumers. Our philosophy has always been to give the customers what they want. And typically, they want more programming and try to do that the best price we can. And so -- also based on their capacity of their wallet. And so having some of these packages actually allows us to sell more video product, which is to the benefit of the programmers. And that's -- you can see it in the results that we have still losses, but it's a lot lower than losses than other people in the marketplace. And that's a result of our ability to drive video based on what the consumer wants and what they can pay, and sometimes those are in conflict. So I think the -- that model has worked. It will continue to work. But I also think it already for -- as we look to the video space in the future, programmers need to see what we're doing and say, given where we are and given what they're doing themselves with direct-to-consumer and OTC effectively unbundling themselves. But if we had that package flexibility further than we do today, I think we could actually solve some of the problem that exists in the video space and grow for the benefit of programmers, but it's difficult for them to get their heads around that.
Christopher Winfrey: I think Xumo could help. That's the design. Xumo could help a lot with that. If you take the very best of the Comcast platform, including the voice remote and pair that up in our footprint with Spectrum TV app and live video with all the different packages that we have that can be tailored to consumers appetite as well as their budget and combined with what they're probably already paying through SVOD, DTC, et cetera, in a single platform that allows them to consumed the video product in a single place with unified search, discovery, voice remote, both live as well as all the other content they have. I think that's pretty powerful. And to the extent that we're able to continue to change the requirements that Tom talked about in our programming agreements, I think we can sell more.
Christopher Winfrey: I don't have it in front of me that split on the 5.3 million, but the vast, vast majority, we're in the connectivity business, and so we're selling mobile service. And to the extent that a customer wants additional devices, of course, we have that and we make it available. But our view here is driving Internet both acquisition as well as Internet churn and to drive profitability, but having an overall higher ARPU and you get that through selling the mobile service combined with the broadband service. Maybe you start with programming and jump...
Christopher Winfrey: In terms of position with programmers, Tom mentioned the margin issue that exists inside of video. And we've talked about the availability of that content really almost anywhere, in some cases, in many cases, for free because of piracy. We've been a long proponent Tom has been around the problems related to that. So I guess it's fair to say I don't know about harder line. It's just more indifferent about carriage of certain content at a higher increasing price when it's available all across the market at cheaper rates or even for free. And so that's not a harder line, that's just a reality of where we're at.  The two biggest issues inside of the content category continued to be retrans, which is over-the-air content, which we're forced to pass on as a significant cost to our customers. And the development of sports and the other channels are important and put into what I was just describing, but those are the two biggest drivers of cost increases to consumer.
Christopher Winfrey: Yes. The 2023 broadband net adds, I said our goal is to have higher broadband net adds this year, and I think we will. The biggest variable that's out there is what's taking place in terms of market transaction volume, and that's the only one that gives me angst because it's the one you can't control. But we have a lot of things going in our favour, the -- starting with a lot of these initiatives that I've talked about. So clearly, with a bigger base of rural passings behind us and constructed increasing during the course of the year, I think the early -- small but early success of Spectrum One in driving Internet is only going to grow as that product takes hold. And I think the investments that we've made in our personnel, not to get too much into the weeds, but that labor cost increase that Jessica talked about, there are some pretty big actions that we took that were targeted. They were not peanut butter wage increases. They were targeted to drive an ROI, which means having longer-tenured employees who result in the sales force having better yields, selling better. And in the service infrastructure by having a longer tenure, they tend to do a better and faster job in addressing customer issues and avoid repeats, which not only reduces transactions, but reduces customer churn over time. And those benefits, because of where the labor market was for everybody last year, in order to get tenured investors the passage of time, but we've seen the lowest attrition rates at the back end of Q4 that I've seen in a very, very long time, if ever, in our service and sales functions. And I think that's going to -- that's a function of both the market as well as the investments that we've made. But ultimately, those investments collectively tie into both gross adds as well as to lower churn. And I'll go back to where I started, which is the biggest driver for us and the biggest uncertainty is market volume. But all else equal, that's our goal is to increase net adds this year.
Christopher Winfrey: You mentioned pricing action and maybe there was some confusion there, but I'll start with what we've done. We -- our philosophy hasn't changed. We're focused on trying to provide competitive products at the best price in the market and best packaging so that we can grow faster. But given what's happened in the video space, we continue to pass through rate increases for the programming increases that we've seen. And if you look back to the middle of last year, you can see it pretty dramatic, given where the economy was and if you're on people's mind, we did a pass-through in the middle of the year. You saw a big downgrade in video and voice. We've done some additional pass-through as well as a small increase on Internet lower than our competitors to maintain our competitiveness. And we did that for Internet-only inside of Q4, and we wanted to wait until you could combine that from a service experience, not to have the bill change twice for customers. So bundled Internet customers is just taking place at the beginning of -- bundled video with Internet customers taking place at the beginning of this year. The reaction there has been pretty muted. It's very low call volume, and given where the rest of the market has been and what we're doing is still maintaining our competitiveness. I am not seeing a big uptick in churns related to the price actions that we pass through.
Christopher Winfrey: Just in terms of how we look at it, Ben. If you go back to the presentation that we used in December, I threw up an unnamed market with a footprint overlap. So you could take a look at how our strategy evolves between, I think, the colors were gray, gold and blue. Between our existing footprint, RDOF and the way that state grants and now BEAD and other grants we’ll be doing. And so we can make the gross cost of our build lower as a result of the strategy in terms of how we approach the market and how we put these together. And so we can have a lower gross cost and therefore lower net cost than our competitors because of the existing footprint that we have, the existing or footprint that we're building. And I think that makes us not only a better economic participant, but a better and more reliable, trustworthy builder for the states in the build because we're the largest rural builder today. We've been successful at it. We're moving at a fast pace. We can get broadband to their constituents at a faster pace at a competitive price with great products, Internet and mobile, and most of these bidders aren't going to have mobile and they're not going to have a converged product, and that's something that we can bring to these communities.
Christopher Winfrey: I think I'll let Jessica comment. It's still dramatically -- well, it's still much lower than it was pre-pandemic, and the churn is low. Bad debt has been slowly building back up. It's nowhere near back to where it was, but it has an impact on a year-over-year basis. In January, we typically don't talk to intra-quarter, we don't like to. But we're starting to see, and that may be the bridge between what some of our peers and competitors are saying. It's not dramatic, but we have seen a step up both in non-pay as well as bad debt. And I think that just reflects the overall economy. In some sense, you look at that and the upfront impact of that is negative. You don't like it. On the other hand, it's one of the indicators that the market is starting to normalize in terms of transaction volumes, you have a delay from when the bad news comes in and when the selling opportunity arises. So it's a double-edged sword.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. So the $4 billion, Vijay, I do think that it's kind of a budgeting exercise, but it's our expectation, and it's on the higher end of our expectations. But it all matters how much we win and subsidized builds. And so it really is a matter of sort of what's available and what makes sense from an ROI perspective for us to spend and to try to get additional passings and generate additional returns. But I think the $4 billion is where we think that we will be based on our expectation of what will happen right now. So that's probably the way to think about that. On the cash tax, our cash tax liability is always dependent on a number of different variables. We're a full cash taxpayer now. We've previously given guidance on taxes. If you look back, I think, at what we said in Q4 of 2021, and there's more CapEx in the plan now, which generally should reduce that liability. But because you don't have 100% deductibility, you don't get 100% credit for that anymore. As a result, I would look back at that guidance. And we might be slightly above the percentages that we gave there, maybe 1% or 2% higher, but you can generally sort of look back to that to think about how to estimate cash tax.
Jessica Fischer: So Craig, on the margins question, I would tell you, first off, we wouldn't be willing to do the Spectrum One offer if we didn't have some space in margin. And so our margins in that business, if you exclude the subscriber acquisition costs, continue to be quite good. And they're getting better over time because we continue to drive down some of those business expenses on a per customer basis, things like the operating cost, what does it take to run billing and customer care. And actually, the reason that we're pushing those into our broader reporting is that we continue to integrate the business into our broader business. And so a lot of that activity we're dealing with a customer as one customer. And when you have a sales call, you're selling mobile and cable on the same call. When you have somebody call in with a question, you have agents who we'll be capable of dealing with both things. But I think the overall trajectory, we make margin on the customers today. We have offers in the mix that we're using to drive both mobile and broadband activity, but they work well for that. And I think we should think about them as being related to both that mobile and broadband activity. But we expect the margins to continue to grow. I think we gave some numbers in the presentation in December, and you can kind of see the trajectory that we're on there. I think that margin expansion continues when you think about the broader product.
Jessica Fischer: So on your other two questions, in cost to serve, quarter-over-quarter growth in Q4 was 5.8%. I would expect Q1 to look more like -- to look a bit like that. And then for it to sort of the year-over-year growth to decrease across the year until you're more in line with the sort of growth trajectory that we've seen before, which is really largely flat. For programming per sub cost, the reason that they remain flat year-over-year that, that's our expectation, really has to do with customer mix and whether customers are taking sort of packages that have larger channel sets or more premiums or whether they continue to be priced out of those packages and come into some skinnier packages where the programming cost per sub is less. So it's a mix issue, certainly not an issue that programmers are no longer raising rates.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. To clarify, on the guidance, it's programming cost per sub that is flat year-over-year. And the mix shift is not that that significantly different from what we have seen previously. The base is smaller. And so as the base -- the mix of incoming customers does differ from the base, but the mix shift isn't -- it's not that substantially different.
Jessica Fischer: On the EBITDA side, as you said, we don't give EBITDA guidance, but certainly, we do expect growth in 2023. I think I drive it out of a few things. We have continued to have customer growth. I think we've talked about on the rate side. We have taken some small rate actions recently. And then we continue to believe that we have -- we continue to expect rates to be good across those customers. So driving revenue growth. I would remind you that we lapped last year's rate increases in April. So to your comment around timing, the second quarter is probably the space in which that's most challenged. But -- and then as Chris said, we've made these investments in tenure. We expect to gain better efficiencies both out of the tenure initiative, out of the continued digitization of the process that we have. We continue to improve in our operational efficiency, which drives sort of relative costs out of the business. And so I think we're pretty confident in generating that EBITDA growth year-over-year.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. So I'm going to start at the bottom of the list, Ben. We expect to build around 300,000 subsidized rural passings in 2023, which are mostly RDOF and they're incremental to the normal business as usual pace of build. What I would do with those is we've given you information on how much penetration we get of those passings, the 40% at six months. We continue to grow after we hit that 40% at six months, but you can time them in that way. Our pace coming into the end of the year within the 15,000 to 20,000 passings per month range, and I would expect -- we're starting the year at that pace and we're going to end at a faster pace to get to that total of 300,000 number. The $3,000 per passing, so just to be clear, I think what I said was that we would be closer to the $3,000 that we've been in the more recent subsidized builds than to our RDOF amount. So we’re totally prescriptive around $3,000 exactly. But that is a net number. Our expectation on state subsidized and on the BEAD build is that those programs are likely to be structured in a way where the expenses count -- where the subsidies are accounted for as a capital offset and not as revenue. So we're going at it with net numbers. Gross build costs, I think, are a lot harder. And so we understand quite a bit now about what we need to -- about what we want in terms of driving economics and also sort of had some experience in bidding these passings and are seeing what's happening in the marketplace. But what you win impacts a lot about what those gross build costs are and they could be in a pretty wide range. So I don't have a number on that side.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. The other piece I would remind you we've talked about before, we're a big participant in ACP and a big proponent of that program. I think for our customers that are more prone to non-pay. We've endeavored to make sure that they recognize that, that program is available to them and to be part of the solution they're making Internet affordable for them.  It has two impacts. One is that those customers don't churn as much as before. The other impact, though, is that on some of those customers that convert into the ACP program. We might be carrying a balance related to those customers that then ends up sort of flushing through in our bad debt computation. So while bad debt is higher on a numerical value basis, it's not necessarily connecting into a non-pay churn where we've converted the customer to being an ACP customer.
