Tom Robey: Thanks, Artie. Candy, we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the conference call. [Operator Instructions]
Tom Robey: We typically end at 9:30. This morning, because of the length of the prepared comments, I think we'll take a few more questions.
Tom Robey: I think that's probably all we have time for this morning. Thanks to everyone for joining us. And to give you a little advanced notice, Time Warner Cable's next quarterly conference call, which will reflect our full year and fourth quarter 2013 results, will be on Thursday, January 30, 2014, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. Thank you for joining us, and have a great day.
Glenn A. Britt: Jessica, this is Glenn, and thank you for your thoughts, and, actually, many people have reached out, and I really, really appreciate that. It means more than you could know. I think on the substance of your question, I will refer that to Rob.
Glenn A. Britt: Craig, this is Glenn. Let me tackle that, and then I'm sure Rob and Artie will jump in. Broadband is amazing, and you are right to point out that within the Triple Play that revenue was allocated, so it's -- maybe it's not as quite as precise as you'd like to pretend because of that accounting standard. But the reality is when we started this business in 1996, I think it was, we priced it at $40, and it was -- I think it was 1.5 megabits per second or some speed like that which seemed enormous at the time. The speeds have steadily increased. And although the price has gone up a bit, it has not gone up, quite frankly, as much as inflation and it has not gone up nearly as much as utility in the service. So I think that's the context. We clearly are seeing, number one, the people who are upgrading to faster speeds, and that's a big piece of the ARPU that you're talking about, and we have raised prices recently in the form of modem rental fees. But that's really just a broadband price increase. So I think that just says this is a strong product, there's a lot of demand. And that to think that for many, many, many years, it's going to get better and better and better and not keep up with inflation is an erroneous assumption. In fact, the opposite is true. But Rob, you might want to give the specifics.
Glenn A. Britt: Rich, I'll make a couple of comments. First of all, there's obviously been a lot of people making a lot of comments in the press, and we don't go into details about deals. We do think that we are better off with CBS than we would have been if we had not had this fight. And just suffice it to say that, that doesn't mean the deal is cheap, it doesn't mean it's wonderful, but we do think it is better than it would've been in a meaningful way. And I think, in a way, that maybe answers your question. We did not do this just to suffice in the regulatory arena. I mean, obviously, we have been working on that for some time. And as I said in my comments, I don't think this is on the top of anybody's agenda in Washington. Obviously, there's lots of other things they have to worry about. I do think it is way overdue to look at it after 20 somewhat years. And some time, they will, and my guess is the rules will change at that point in ways that we can't necessarily anticipate. But that's for later. Unfortunately, I think you're going to see these fights continue. My last comment is, and I know people say, "Oh, we'll just change from a broadcast to a cable network." That is not -- and certainly, I think it's something somebody could do. I think if you examine the rights that they buy, the number of hours they program a day, their relationship with the broadcast affiliates and the political implications of that, I think that is all easier said than done in a theoretical sense, and it's not going to happen so fast. Again, we can talk about it more offline or anybody else who wants to talk.
Glenn A. Britt: Doug, great question, and I'm a little bit at a loss to answer at any specificity, other than to say that the world of M&A is one that is well documented over decades, and there's legal standards and court cases and what have you about what boards do and their obligations. We are well aware of those things, we are well advised by the top law firms, and we behave accordingly. And then beyond that, I don't think I should comment.
Robert D. Marcus: So, Jessica, maybe it makes sense for me to attack this one by walking through the different components of subscriber performance that were actually affected by the programming disputes. So not surprisingly, we saw some customer relationship disconnects. We also saw a suppression of customer relationship connects. And maybe the easiest way to highlight how much of that was generated by the subscriber disputes is to point out that in July, prior to the disputes, customer relationship net losses were basically flat year-over-year. So all of the action or all of the difference in customer relationship losses occurred in August and September, which is when the disputes were going on. In addition, what we saw clearly was some downgrade activity, bundled customers who dropped video, and that added to the PSU net loss function. I would point out that when we lost customer relationships, whether via disconnects or the absence of connects, in many cases, that carried over to high-speed data and voice. I think the biggest year-over-year delta actually came in Triple Plays. So we had 3 units associated with that. In addition to the direct impact, there's no question that the disputes resulted in a whole lot of call volume coming into our call centers. That had the impact of clogging up not only the care queues but some overflow into inbound sales. And unfortunately, in some cases, that made it hard for customers who, otherwise, were inclined to connect with us, it made it hard for them to actually get through to our sales agents. So the machine, clearly, was impacted by the disputes. There was no question that, that had a hangover impact that extended beyond the actual settlement of both CBS and Journal, although you'll recall that Journal extended for another couple of weeks after we resolved CBS around Labor Day. I'm not going to get into Q4. We came into this year with a change to our disclosure practices, which I think is a wise one, which is to not provide interim subscriber performance, less people jump to conclusions based on small periods of data, so I'm not going to go beyond that. On overall subscriber performance, I would take the opportunity to point out that the results we're seeing on promotional roll-offs is positive. We're doing a much better job keeping promotional roll-off customers. The actual disconnects associated with promo rolls, as I've pointed out, were flat, in spite of the fact that we had a very large spike in promo rolls coming through the system. Two good things going forward is that promo roll volume is going to decline, and I think we should expect that our performance in keeping the promo rolls that do come through will be at least as good as they were in Q3. So I feel good on the disconnect side going forward.
Robert D. Marcus: Craig, let me address a couple things. One, clearly, the 14% growth in HSD revenue, which I would argue is pretty terrific, was largely driven by the rate side of the equation, which is not 100% about price increases, as Glenn points out. Mix had something to do with it, but let's assume that it is very heavily driven by rate. Going forward, my expectation is that we have a much more balanced growth profile, with more of the growth coming from volume. And as I pointed out in my remarks, I'm specifically focused on aggressively attacking that kind of static DSL base that still sits in our footprint, which I continue to find kind of unacceptable, given the better product we're offering. So we're going to go aggressively with a product that is priced, we think, in a way that's very compelling for those maybe more price-sensitive customers that have continued to take DSL. So that's piece #1, which is a focus on ramping up volume. The other thing I would point out is, while the bundles do tend to cloud individual product ARPU, one piece of the sub story that we didn't highlight is that HSD-only net adds were actually up about 150,000 in the quarter. And those are customers who are taking broadband at the stated price in a way that's not, in any way shape or form, skewing ARPUs. So I continue to believe that the price-value equation for our broadband product is right. And I guess, it's also worth noting that we're continuing to add value to the broadband service. We just put out a press release over the last week or so highlighting the fact that in New York, L.A. and Hawaii, we're increasing our top-end broadband speeds and taking people that are in our 50-megabits-a-second tier of service and increasing their speeds to 100 megabits a second. So I think you're going to continue to see the value of the product increase, whether by speed or by incremental proliferation of WiFi hotspots, and I think that justifies continued growth in ARPU.
Robert D. Marcus: Ben, on Max Markets, first, I'm not sure what philosophy you're referring to with respect to D-to-As. We've actually been deploying D-to-As in connection with our analog reclamation program over the last several years. And as we go All Digital in Max Markets, I would fully anticipate using D-to-As as the terminal device for television that don't currently have a set-top box. So we have no philosophical aversion to D-to-As. As we've talked about in the past, we've been deliberate in our spending of capital on D-to-As, one, because we've been interested in writing the cost curve down before we needed to unlock additional bandwidth; and two, our expectation is that we're going to reach a point in time where video is more frequently delivered in IP, so an IP terminal device is more interesting to us. I think we've reached, though, a point where we think it makes sense in certain markets to unlock even higher HSD speeds by reclaiming even more bandwidth. So that's where we are in D-to-As. In terms of boxes, it's tough to say. I'll tell you that, so far, in our analog reclamation work, we've experienced the customers, on average, take a couple of D-to-As in addition to whatever set-top boxes they have in the home. But that varies depending on what channels are reclaimed. So in an All Digital scenario, and New York was a little bit of an anomaly because we've historically always scrambled our expanded basic lineup, so we have many more set-top boxes there to begin with, so I think we're still going to learn as to how many D-to-As customers take. But I think rough guess [ph] is 2 to 3 per home is a reasonable working assumption. And then lastly, I think that you asked why we wouldn't go as fast as possible on the Max initiative. The goal here is, really, to fundamentally change the customer experience in a given market. So rather than spread our efforts like peanut butter throughout the footprint, I'm very anxious to deliver a complete experience, meaning not only going all digital but also ensuring that we have state-of-the-art modems in every customer's home, ensuring that they have the best video CPE and that the overall experience is really optimal. So we're going to concentrate market by market rather than take individual components and run them through the entire footprint.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, the answer is yes, it will be available across all our markets. We'll be aggressively marketing it in the DSL overlapped footprints, meaning that 60% of the footprint that is not FiOS and U-verse, but it will be available everywhere. And it's going to be in the market, I believe, in the next week or 2. November 4 is in my head, but it may be maybe a week after that.
