Robert Marcus: Yes, Ben. I'm going to give you very rough ballpark numbers. I think that the total U.S. Hispanic population is somewhere in the order of 16% -- Hispanics represent approximately 16% of the total U.S. population. We over-indexed and in particular, we over-indexed in our Southern California and Texas markets. I think in those markets, based on the most recent census that we could push into the 30-plus percent of the population being Hispanic. Bigger amongst younger people and somewhat smaller among adults. Really, what we're doing to focus on that market is ensuring that we've got the right products that could appeal to what it is that the Hispanic audience is looking for. And as a result, that's why we're introducing this new Triple Play, which not only focuses on Hispanic-oriented programming, Spanish-language and otherwise, but also focuses on the telecom needs of that market. And by throwing a robust international calling plan into the package, we think we're going to satisfy another need of that audience. There's also a fair amount of opportunity even at the higher end of that market. And as a result, we're tailoring a Signature Home version for Hispanic customers. And as I've mentioned, we're also adding Spanish-language channels to our iPad app. So we're doing a lot on the product side. And a lot of this has to do with ensuring that the message gets heard, and our marketing focus is getting somewhat more aggressive in making Hispanic customers aware that we have this product. I'm pleased with the growth in El Paquetazo. But just to put it in perspective, I think, our total El Paquetazo subs now roughly 130,000. So we don't have huge numbers, and I don't have great stats on exactly who those subs are coming from.
Robert Marcus: Yes. I'll make a couple of comments. One, to amplify what Glenn said, a lot of our marketing focus over the last several years has been on selling Triple Play bundles, and we've done that to great effect. But in the process of focusing on the fact that we're selling 3 products, and I've said this before, I think we probably didn't take as much time and focus on the underlying virtues of the individual products that comprised those bundles, and we're definitely committed to doing just that. Over the last several years, I'm very pleased with the improved level of sophistication that we've brought to the marketing function. We've focused on customer segmentation, we've paid attention to customer lifetime value. We've gotten much more scientific about our approach to pricing. But obviously, we made a management change recently. And I feel very, very confident that Jeff Hirsch, who's our new CMO, is the right guy to take us to the right next level. Jeff brings not only marketing expertise to the function, but also has the benefit of a vast experience in actually running cable systems. So what I expect out of him is to bring some of those really cool, sophisticated marketing tools to the very practical issues of acquiring, retaining and upselling our existing customer base. So I think you can expect to see just a much more nuts and bolts approach to marketing going forward.
Robert Marcus: So, Bryan, there's a couple of things going on there. One, certainly penetrations of DVRs to digital customers has been pretty terrific. So there's undoubtedly some maturation of the product offering. Two, I think you're seeing some of the effects of some promotional offers that we've made available. Last year, we've put in place some Triple Plays that were -- that featured a free period of DVR. So in terms of the year-over-year impact, you're seeing the absence of that. And you're also seeing some customers who, after the free period, are rolling off. And then not surprisingly, given the still stagnant economy, one of the places that we find customers were strapped cutting back is to eliminate the DVR. So I think there's a bunch of different things going on, but those things all have an influence.
Robert Marcus: Yes. So U-Verse hasn't yet ticked in, that's a fourth quarter deal. So it's just FiOS at this point. That accounted for about $15 million dollars. And what I kind of look at is a more normalized ad revenue growth. So back out political, back out the rep deals, and we had slight ad revenue growth year-over-year.
Robert Marcus: As Glenn points out, the biggest piece of the year-over-year decline was in fact in the adult category, more than 1/3 of it was there. But movies-on-demand and event were also down. Event is very much hit driven in a sense that as the events go, when there are fights, there is events revenue. So you can expect to see a pop, when you have a Pacquiao or Mosley and sometimes, when you don't get, you see a little bit of the downturn. MOD, we did see a decline in buys. And we did not see a concomitant increase in revenue per buy. So could that be in part a function of alternative availability of movies? I guess, yes. It also could be a matter of the slate. So I wouldn't draw any conclusions quite yet.
Robert Marcus: I think we've said repeatedly that we think the HBO Go was attractive. And we think we'd like to deliver to our customers, and we're merely working through the structure of the deal to make that happen.
Robert Marcus: I assume what you meant, Jason, is the $4.25 to $4.40 EPS. Look, I think our approach has generally been to set out guidance at the beginning of the year and not on every call revise it, whether up or down. And that's really what's driving the thought process here. I will point out, and I tried to highlight it in our prepared remarks, that you should be cognizant of not simply multiplying first half by 2, and then assuming growth because we do have the lapping of the amortization benefits we saw starting in Q3 of last year. But I wouldn't read anything into the fact that we didn't revise guidance.
Glenn Britt: Let me make a couple of comments and then Rob will want to jump in, too. I think that we can always make our marketing better. This industry as a whole has a long history and a long evolution of becoming more competitive. And I think the comments are in that context. I would say we have focused heavily on products and maybe less at marketing than we should. And we have some wonderful features that we really don't tell people about very well, and they have to sort of discover it on their own. So I think we can do that a lot better. And we're making some management changes to that end. And Rob, you might want to talk about that.
Glenn Britt: Craig, this is Glenn. Our strategy really hasn't changed. I think you should look at it as one of optionality. We have this idea, we've had it for some time that bundling wireless broadband and with our other products to create a so-called quadruple play might be interesting to consumers. And the reason I say might is that we're not sure, and the marketing evidence is mixed. So what we've been trying to do is create the ability to experiment with that through market testing, et cetera, without investing or risking huge amounts of money. And all of our move to dates -- or our moves to date are in that context. As we said on a couple of calls, our results in terms of actual customers so far are not terribly exciting, so the evidence so far is there is not a big profit for the quadruple play. So I think the strategy we've had is the right one. Where we go from here, I think, is more of at the same. We're not really ready to say, that this is a non-starter. Maybe we're just not doing it right. But we're also not ready to make huge additional bets. So that's, again, is consistent with where we've been.
Glenn Britt: Yes, it's tricky for us to say anything about Clearwire. It's obviously a public company with its own dispersion policies, et cetera. Suffice it to say, we are not obligated in any way to make any additional investment. And I think, that's again consistent with what we've said.
Glenn Britt: I was reading the transcripts of the 2 big phone companies, Verizon and AT&T. And I forget which one but more in the context of wireless, one of those managements said this was inevitable also. So I'll stick with that. We have not announced any plans to do anything specifically. I'm not going to use this occasion to make any announcements. But I would say that the right way to look at this and to our way of thinking is that there should be, there should remain an unlimited plan for those who want to buy that. And we're more focused on the affordability and lower-income people, who might be light users and might seek to pay less because they use less. I think that's a much better context than the usual, oh, these people using all the bandwidth and caps and all that stuff. In effect, I don't anticipate at the moment. If we were to do this, I don't think we would have caps across-the-board. As I said, I think there should always be an unlimited plan. So that's the context for us. But we don't have any specific announcement at this point.
Glenn Britt: I'm sorry, you cut out a little bit at the end. But I think you were saying, you should look at ARPU growth and the sort of steady increase on people buying higher speeds, and that indeed is what's happening.
Glenn Britt: The only thing I would add on competitive intensity is, we are seeing more aggressive sort of introductory beacon price offers. Everybody in the space still reports consistently high ARPUs. So I think as you look at the ads, you can -- we need to pay attention to reported ARPUs also. Because the ads may be more aggressive than what's happening in real life.
Glenn Britt: Well, interesting question. I think this space and creating optionality, we've seen more different ideas and those deals and structures, whatever they need to shake a stick at. And obviously, we've done what we've done to date. But we keep thinking about new things, hearing about new things. But again, nothing really to report or announce at this point.
Glenn Britt: I think we're seeing what we've been seeing for several quarters now. Obviously, we have seasonality on top of that. The specific impact of the economy and of actions of the various competitors changes each quarter. But we're seeing lots of competition, and we're seeing a weak economy and that has stayed in place. As I said before, I think, the kind of unique housing-driven nature of what we've been going through for a couple of years has affected our business in a different way than previous downturns. And I think until we work our way through this and housing starts rebound and people start occupying vacant houses, we're going to see a similar trend. And the population keeps growing, so inevitably, we will work our way through that. But reading all of the pundits, it takes longer than other kinds of downturns.
Glenn Britt: To the best of our market research ability, it's consistent with what others seem to find. It's -- the effect right now is very, very modest and it's very hard to measure, but it's so small.
Glenn Britt: Okay. Bandwidth cost, and the first question was TV Everywhere. Okay, I'm sorry. We have a bad connection on the set. The TV Everywhere, we are very big advocates of that, have been from the very beginning. As you recall, we were still part of Time Warner when this idea first came about. I think it makes also the sense in the world. It is not the easiest thing to pull off in the deal sense, the technology is not that complicated. But negotiating deals one at a time with different programs, well, it's very complicated. Though the concept seemed simple, everybody has slightly different ideas of how we should work when you get down on the details. And by the way, not everybody -- not every network has all the rights for all their programming to do this to begin with. So I think it's progressing actually pretty well. With Disney and ESPN, we actually did the first big TV Everywhere deals. And I think you will see more from us and other people as time goes by. Again, the technology is not complicated. It's all the details. I still think it's a great idea, and we're all for it. Bandwidth cost, I actually don't even know the answer. But I think the conversation about usage-based pricing should not be tied to a conversation about costs. This is not a rate of return regulated monopoly industry like AT&T was before 1984, and I think there's a tendency to think the world still works that way. We have a lot of different products, we have a lot of different offerings, and we're aiming at different segments and different combinations. And the pricing will relate to that. This is not a strict cost base thing. So those facts are interesting, but not terribly relevant to pricing.
