Thomas M. Rutledge: Thanks, Stefan. As we near the first anniversary of the close of our transactions, we're successfully integrating Time Warner Cable and Bright House, and our operating and strategic plans are on track. By the end of the first quarter, we have launched our pricing and packaging everywhere but Hawaii where we will also launch shortly. As a result, we've finally turned the corner, and we are seeing higher year-over-year customer and PSU connect volumes with nearly all of our video connects purchasing are expanded basic video product. And our minimum Internet speeds are either 60 megabits or 100 megabits depending on the market. And although churn and downgrade activity from the legacy TWC low-value product set remains elevated, we expected that to be the case, that the low-value product churn and downgrade activity will improve as more customers connect to our new pricing and packaging. As of the end of the first quarter, 17% of Time Warner Cable and Bright House customers were in our new pricing and packaging. And in areas where we had the Spectrum in place for at least two quarters, 32% of our residential customers have had the Spectrum product set. That result is slightly ahead of our expectation and where we were at Legacy Charter at this point in our plan. Legacy Bright House is performing extremely well. Our Spectrum pricing and packaging, combined with a better starting point in terms of its service reputation, has allowed us to accelerate growth within that footprint more quickly. Legacy Charter also continues to perform. Customer relationships grew nearly 6% year-over-year, even though our focus was on integration. We remain very confident that there is a large and long-term customer and financial growth opportunity across all three Legacy companies. This quarter, we will restart our all digital project in the 40% of Time Warner Cable and 60% of Bright House that is not yet all digital by putting two-way interactive boxes on every outlet and freeing up capacity to increase data speeds. That project should last through early 2019. The integration of our field operations, customer operations and network operations is well underway and progressing as planned. We have been able to avoid customer disruption and we're increasingly in-sourcing our field operations and call center employees in Legacy Time Warner Cable and Legacy Bright House markets in order to improve our craftsmanship, plant, and service delivery. And we're already reducing reliance on third-party call centers and contractors. Our product development efforts also continue to move forward. We're working toward launching a wireless service in 2018 under our MVNO agreement with Verizon. We're also testing the capacities of our network with 5G-like services in a number of Spectrum bands and in a number of locations. We intend to use these field trials to provide us with better insight into the capabilities of our wireline network when using high-frequency licensed and unlicensed spectrum, and how our various wireless network building blocks can be used in conjunction with one another to offer services that were developed over time. Now, I'll turn the call over to Chris to provide more details on the quarter.
Thomas M. Rutledge: It's Tom. Look, I think given all the integration activity that the year-over-year Charter Legacy would've been positive if we weren't doing all this activity. We moved a lot of assets around it at different management structures during the period, and a slight change in the direction of the video customer growth. The subscriber growth in general is still performing well in the marketplace as we expected, and I think you'll see that accelerate in the future. So, I think the – I don't think it's a significant issue, but I also think it is an effect of our integration process more than anything else or any specific change in the market. Our opportunity with regard to video, I think there's market share shift from satellite to us. I do think there is a general decline in MVPD marketplace that is mostly price-driven, and I think that those trends are unlikely to change in the near term but not to particularly accelerate. And so I think that the Charter opportunity in video and subscriber growth in general in Legacy and in new footprint continues to improve.
Thomas M. Rutledge: I think the other thing about ARPU that's significant and in the way our numbers work is that there is virtually no rate in these ARPU numbers. So, it's all driven by subscriber growth. And we want it that way. And we think in this environment of integrating three companies and introducing ourselves to lots of new customers and customer relationships that that's the appropriate approach.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Right. Well, as I said, I think obviously we sell more than video, and we're creating lots of customer relationships. And we expect to continue to do that. We expect to be able to continue to create video customer relationships too because we think that our two-way interactive footprint and our capability of providing SVOD in an appropriate user interface, along with the kind of linear channels we've historically provided and other on-demand services, makes us a more compelling product than our competitors. And so we expect to grow video. What the overall share of over-the-top providers will be over the next five years, I don't really know. But none of them have a product that is better than ours that we can see in the marketplace. So, we expect to succeed in the marketplace going forward. With regard to 5G, we've been experimenting with frequencies. But basically, our view of it is that small cell connectivity to our high capacity network is our future and our current state of wireless. We have Wi-Fi devices in almost every home. The speeds that you can get out of our current Wi-Fi routers incrementally is in the range of a gigabit, and we expect that to accelerate with the addition of additional frequencies in the millimeter waves type spectrum that 5G is proposed in and other spectrum that will become available in the future. So, we think that speeds will continue to increase in the home and in the workplace. And if we need to put that into a mobile environment that our plant in and of itself that as well in the long run. So, at this point, those kinds of 5G opportunities are still a number of years away, and they're certainly even farther away from a market-wide deployment perspective. But we are using experimental licenses to test our capabilities across the spectrum.
Thomas M. Rutledge: No. I think that it's been our strategy to create high value, high quality products that improve the life of the customer. And that results in not necessarily ARPU growth that comes from rate, but ARPU growth that comes from the creation of customers. It also reduces costs and so increases EBITDA relative to ARPU at a better rate if your customer service experience adds to average customer lifetime length. What that does is it reduces transaction volume, which means that for the same amount of revenue, you have a higher EBITDA because your costs, connects or servicing the customer go down. So, our view of the model is that it's much more virtuous to have high-quality, high-value products that last in the marketplace, meaning customers like the products, think they're fairly priced and continue to subscribe to without looking around and trying other competitors and increasing your cost of operation. So, while we expect to grow our ARPU and we expect to grow our customer base, we expect most of that to occur because the quality of our products stand in the marketplace and people want to subscribe to us as opposed to trying to use temporary friction in the marketplace to get a rate.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Well, we had one year-- we have a multiyear strategy. And as I said in our – in my remarks, we have turned the corner in terms of year-over-year growth in connects. And that's a good sign and it's the first sign that you expect after you change every price and package and process involved in the selling of a business with 26 million customers and growing at 4%.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Yeah, I mean, you're really looking at what is the EBITDA per customer you're gaining on the increment and are you piling those up one after another in an appropriate way so that your long-term outcome is good. And we believe that we're doing that and we've turned the corner on that, which is what our plan was.
Thomas M. Rutledge: As you know that that low frequency opportunity is still from a practical point of view a number of years away. So, it has no impact on sort of a short midterm opportunity in the marketplace. We think that the MVNO does have that potential. And so we're happy with our MVNO. We're happy with going forward with it and don't feel today that we have any need for that kind of spectrum. And we think that if we ever do have such a need that opportunities will be available and get it.
Thomas M. Rutledge: So, Amy, in terms of things we're doing with the product and AMC, the AMC opportunities and experiment to see if we can create some high-value product for our customers for a period of time, and we think it's an interesting opportunity to put original programming to our customers and still allow the market place realities in terms of the cost of amortizing programming to work over a bigger market place over time. And so we're interested in finding ways to improve our video product and we have lots of thoughts about those. AMC is one step in that direction. Netflix is being integrated into our user interface and we plan to launch it. We've had similar discussions with YouTube. Our view is that the user interface that we're deploying across our footprint will allow a seamless integration of content. Fundamentally, we expect customers to subscribe to services like Netflix, Hulu and other over the top products in combination with our MVPD products and maybe over the top products that we also provide. And we think having a common user interface that allows that to work on all the devices in the house makes a lot of sense. Our fundamental obligation to our customer is to make that customer's life easy in terms of using video. And so, when we look at our whole relationship to content and the customer, we come out toward the customer side of the equation, meaning, while we'd love to creative new content, we'd even more love to have happy subscribers who have access to all the content that they can get. And that's what our user interface is designed to do.
Thomas M. Rutledge: The amounts of the credits, we didn't provide it in the Q. So, I don't want to provide preferential disclosure here. But I think if you take the comments we had about the amounts of revenue growth absent those two items, the two items being the credits in 2017 and the onetime contractual settlement in 2016, you can solve for the combination of the two. You also have, if you wanted to go back and take a look, I'm pretty sure that TWC would've disclosed the amounts of the contractual settlement with the programmer that resulted in higher revenue in Q1 2016. So, I'm laying you out a very convoluted map to get there.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Wish you luck. The two items combined is what drove that differential revenue growth that I highlighted in the prepared remarks. I didn't follow the second question, which was more about customer analysis market by market.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Jessica, with regard to SMB, we have a similar strategy with SMB, to what we have with residential in many ways, which is to create high-value, high-volume opportunities in the market place. And we price and package our SMB product in such a way that we've accelerated unit growth significantly and the revenue growth and ARPU growth catch up with that. And that we expect to have happen just like we do in our residential base. We've also done that in a new way going forward in the new company with our enterprise business as well. And we – which is the market above small business. And we are – we've gone to a lower-priced, higher-volume, higher-quality product mix with a service infrastructure to reduce installation times for all fiber products to businesses. And so we've developed a construction infrastructure, meaning personnel that are able to build fiber infrastructure to new business customers in a rapid way. And by creating more high-value, high-volume products with the capability of getting them installed in a short period of time, we think we can start to move some of that share which we have a very miniscule piece of today. So we're very excited about the future of both SMB but also of enterprise as well.
Thomas M. Rutledge: We do not, except that the margins act like residential margins in the sense that if you improve your activity levels per dollar of revenue, your margins improve.
Christopher L. Winfrey: From an ARPU perspective, the big driver there really isn't anything that's happening systemically in the market. It's really just about the amount of single-play Internet sell-ins. So, if you take a look at the percentage of the non-video customer relationship base and the percentage growth in the next – in the new, compare that to total customer relationship growth, there are ways that you can mathematically get to figure out what the full effect of that mix shift is. And that's really what the big driver there is on ARPU.
Christopher L. Winfrey: That was a mouthful. Let me start to answer the broadband ARPU question. My comment earlier was more about total customer relationship ARPU.
Christopher L. Winfrey: And the impacts that multiple PSUs per relationship have on that. And so to the extent that you have a higher mix of Internet stand-alone or non-video bundles, then it has the impact of artificially pulling down your customer relationship ARPU. It wasn't so much about that ARPU per PSU. We actually don't manage the business that way. Our goal is to get as much ARPU per household by providing high-value products as possible. And so we haven't done anything to materially impact at Legacy Charter, the broadband ARPU, other than having a slightly higher amount of single play which if you were to look at as stand-alone PSU ARPU would suggest that the broadband ARPU is increasing slightly. The fallacy of that is that we sell, for the most part, broadband inside of a bundle, and at that point it's just an allocation of revenue across the different products that's on the bill. And it's really, from our perspective, more about pricing all the services in the household and putting as many of those services in as we can. Pricing, I think if you can take a look back to what Charter's historically been able to do is with very minimal price increases be able to grow total customer relationships by 6% and residential customer relationships by 5%. And if you see the opportunity to go get that type of growth and to have that type of market share shift, introducing pricing can stunt that growth. And it doesn't mean that you've lost pricing power or rate power over time. In fact, one might argue that it's actually increased because of the larger base. And if you have the opportunity to grow, we think it's much better to grow. And if you stop growing and you need to get revenue growth, you always have the ability to take rate. But that's not really Charter's strategy and we see the opportunity to grow, and I think that's the better path. Tom, I don't know if you would add anything to that but...
Christopher L. Winfrey: The more customer relationships that we have in Spectrum pricing and packaging, the more protected we are for all the reasons that Tom mentioned, and that's why we read out that statistic. And it's line with what we had at Legacy Charter at this stage. And in fact it's actually slightly above. So, we're pleased. But until you either migrate or churn the legacy base that has low-value, high-priced products, you're going to have a little bit of volatility from one quarter to the next. But that number's increasing. It's growing well, and I agree with Tom.
Christopher L. Winfrey: And on the synergies, on the last call I mentioned after the first year we expected to be over $700 million and that after a three-year period we expected to be a over $1 billion. That three-year period is really what I was highlighting about the time it takes to combine network provisioning, billing activities which takes time, so that's the driver for that . We're not going to report quarter-by-quarter how much is in the number because frankly, once we go out to January 1, it became a little more challenging for two reasons. One is that, one, in order to hit those synergies, a lot of times it requires operating investment to combine platforms, systems, people. And then secondly, the programming side, you have to take an estimate of what you think your renewals – your contractual rate increases for renewals would have been without the deal. So, it becomes a little bit more art than science. And so we wanted to get away from that and provide our best view at that time. But there's nothing that's impacted our optimism as it relates to the transaction synergies And as I mentioned, programming was one of the harder ones. Since I know that will be the next question, I'll try to hit that one head-on, which is we don't comment on the details on programming agreements, but we are generating the synergies we expected. Sometimes that can be obscured by escalators and existing agreements and renewals. But those renewals, they generally include better starting points, better CAGRs or growth rates they have longer terms when we want them. And we're getting better rights than we believe Charter, TWC or Bright House would receive previously. And that you're going to see it from one quarter to the next, accounting for the economics of these deals including what some – one party may see as past or future. It can be complicated and at times, payment streams can be lumpy along the way. But we're focused on the overall economics over a longer term, and we are getting the strategic and financial benefits of the transactions as we laid out.
Christopher L. Winfrey: Yeah. Well, it's the same issue that we faced with Legacy Charter beginning late 2012. Right now, at the end of Q1, 17% of the TWC and Bright House was in Spectrum pricing and packaging, which means we're in a much better position to that 17%. Flip side is we've got 83% of the base that continues to be in legacy pricing and packaging offers. And that has elevated churn and it's going to, as long as that number remains high. But it'll decrease the amount of customer's Spectrum pricing and packaging with a better term profile will increase. The real question is when you get a tipping point, that's already started to get better from here on out. And so I think right now it looks like it will follow a very similar path as to what we saw at Legacy Charter in terms of subscriber development. Second question was – Ben, what was your second question? I think we've lost Ben. Did you make a note of it, Stephanie? (40:28)
Christopher L. Winfrey: So much passion on the first topic. Everything I said about CapEx last quarter still remains the case. I mean, we're a little bit behind in terms of where we'd like to be on spending on CapEx just because it's timing-related issues. So, in a weird sense, it's going to be tough to hid the plan that we have for CapEx this year. But our intent is still to be able to be in a position to spend more than we did last year. I don't think from the capital intensity it'll be that different from where it was last year just because of revenue growth, but nothing's changed. And since we want to spend the capital so we can grow faster and quicker, our goal is to spend as much as we can this year. But just on the CapEx issue just to give the speech again, the customer life and the less activity ultimately related to servicing and base of more high-quality customers with high-quality products is, if you have a high-quality service organization, you ultimately end up spending less capital as well, as well as less operating costs and your capital intensity comes down. It comes down due to operational efficiency, but it also comes down due to our ability to go all digital and once that project is completed, to have a lower capital intensity and less activity that is also capitalizable, associated with (42:10).
Christopher L. Winfrey: The idea that we're being ticked off in certain places where we have operating issues, we've seen no evidence to that fact. And at this point, we have a fully featured product set in every market we will other than Hawaii, which we'll have shortly priced and packaged the way we want it. So, we're in the right competitive posture, but we're in the posture we want to be anyway.
Christopher L. Winfrey: On programming cost, I knew it would come up, which is why I said what I did. It's going to be lumpy throughout the year. So, we don't provide guidance generally. And so, I think providing it on one single line item would be somewhat strange to not provide an overall revenue EBITDA or CapEx guidance and then start 200 (45:20) on the single expense line. But we're seeing synergies in the programming side. We are seeing renewals as well. We're getting longer terms, better rights. Longer-terms where we want them, shorter terms where we want them and getting better rights along the way. So, beyond that it's not something we're going to go into a great detail on.
Christopher L. Winfrey: And the PSUs is the way that you'll see that manifest itself through accelerated net adds growth. And over time, as the volume catches up to the pricing, you'll see it come through revenue.
Christopher L. Winfrey: Let me take the first one – the second one first. The TWC churn, somebody was given a $10 unlimited video basic package, where can you move them? And they have an exploding offer. It was promotional offer. Where can you move them that's a satisfactory place relative to what they were given before? Same thing exists across voice. And so we've spoken at length about that before. Now, that we have Spectrum pricing in packaging in place across the entire footprint, is there a better path to migrate them into that pricing and packaging? Yes. But can we completely solve the issues that were installed in the base? Maybe; maybe not. Your first question was – and I think more directed at Tom, but I didn't capture which product you were talking about.
Christopher L. Winfrey: Yeah. Look, we do have an IP-only video product. Our entire cable service is IP-only delivered if customers want to receive it that way. So, IP is a format. All of our product can be delivered on any device, in the home, all of our TV Everywhere product can be delivered outside the home anywhere depending on the service relationship and the contractual relationship with the provider. And our – to the extent we want to sell over-the-top products inside our footprint – or outside -- in some cases, we have those rights. We haven't done that because we don't really see any opportunity to create new customer relationships out of that that have a high value to us, but we certainly have the capability of doing that. So, when you say IP, all of our app-based products are IP. All of our products are now service, including our video on demand infrastructure, 50,000 titles are capable of being delivered in IP to any device. And the real question is what's the footprint of the service area. And that depends on the right structure. TV Everywhere obviously can be delivered nationally, and is. The story from the programmer since some of the virtual MVPD operators was that this was going to grow the market, and then the programmers had thought the same as well. I think you should take a look at the evidence so far. The current OTT offerings that are out there right now just seem to be cannibalizing the same satellite providers and base. And so it's just a shift in what's the base as opposed to actually growing the market. Charter has all the rights and has all the technical capabilities and it has the programming. And if we can put together packages that will generate incremental customers, I think we're uniquely positioned to go to do that over time.
Christopher L. Winfrey: Yeah. Look, I understand the interest, but we're in the middle of a litigation with a few different programmers right now, so I don't think it behooves us to go – we never have gone to a data programmer-by-programmer detail and I think even more so now that doesn't really – it's not really in our interest to do that. We're confident that we'll have successful programming relationships for years to come, and we're taking all the appropriate stuffs we needed to from an accounting perspective.
Christopher L. Winfrey: Sure. So, you know, I don't want to overplay that. At the beginning of every year, there's an operating plan at a detailed project-by-project level that's getting put in place and it drives orders and sometimes those orders get delayed either from internal submission of the orders or from vendors. So, there's nothing more than that other than we have a lot of moving parts with a lot of projects and to get that organized in place takes a little bit of time. We have had some supply chain issues as it relates to set-top boxes, none of which has been customer impacting so far. I don't expect it to be. It just means that we're running a little bit light on the inventory compared to where we'd like to be, and that has an impact on capital expenditure in a particular quarter. It also means that when the supply chain flips the other way, you can end up a little heavy on CPE relative to connects just as you go do that. So, it's just timing. On transition capital expenditure, we'd expect to be through all of that, essentially this year. It doesn't mean that there's won't be – continue to be some going on beyond. But I think our goal would be to have it down to a stage where there's not a need to separate that anymore beyond 2017 and look at it from a consolidated basis at that point.
