Glenn A. Britt: John, this is Glenn. Yes. We, of course, have not made a practice disclosing details of what deals come up, when. But I think it's safe to say, we've done a lot of long-term renewals, and we don't have a lot of big things coming up in the next year or so. So, yes, you're right.
Glenn A. Britt: If I can jump in on this, I think we always tend to deal with what we know about. So home monitoring now is seen as home security. But at the risk of sounding a little dreamy -- there's a lot going on in health care. And I don't think we have fully begun to understand the implications of the health care act or how that's going to change behavior. But I think it's going to lead to a lot of opportunities for monitoring of health conditions, reporting back to hospitals and doctors, and all sorts of things that are just a glimmer right now. But I have a feeling that's going to be bigger over time than just home security.
Glenn A. Britt: Now, if I can just jump in, I think this all fits in the -- under the rublet [ph] that we talked about before, the 4 Anys, A-N-Y-S, and that's access to any content on any device, at any time, any place. And we believe strongly that today's technology allows that, we just need to implement it in ways that work on our plant and also get the rights to do that. So all the things that Rob talked about really fit within that. Obviously, you have to have great navigation within that. But I would remind you that the basic product we've been selling, packages of TV networks, is really enormously successful. It's, depending on which numbers you look at, it's in something like 90% of the homes in the U.S. So it's a very powerful thing. We're making it better. But let's not forget that fundamental thing, there's very few products that, that many homes buy, that's discretionary. So that's the underlying strength of what we're doing. But yes, we're making it better.
Glenn A. Britt: Thanks, Tuna. Really nothing much has changed on that front. I'd remind you that this quarter is traditionally a soft quarter across all of the subscriber metrics. And in fact, the seasonality has been that way for the entire 40 years that I've been on the business. People, in the summer, move; colleges disconnect; and all the things that happen; and then in late August, September, they come back. So that happens every year and is happening this year. There are obviously, anecdotally, some cord cutting, the numbers for that are still quite small, as they have been, and all the studies still say that. We actually think a bigger issue in the market is that there's a group of customers that are in really serious financial shape. They've been out of work for a long time, we read about that from the press. And some of them can't afford the video package even though they want it. And that's why we keep having these heated negotiations with programmers. I think that is a much more serious issue than cord cutting, but we keep an eye on it.
Glenn A. Britt: Okay, Ben, on the set-top set of questions, I think the broad way to look at it is that over some number of years, we will migrate to all-IP technology. Whatever the merits of that from an engineering sense, all things IP are the standard that the world is building devices to. So that's the standard we're going to end up migrating to, until something better comes along. An important part of our business is managing those migrations for consumers just as we migrated from various forms of analog to digital and what have you over the years. So that's a broad view. One of the things that, that enables is the use of all these consumer devices that people are buying that are enormously powerful in a computing sense and that know how to process things that are using IP standards. So I think it would be silly for us not to take advantage of those devices, and consumers actually expect it. When you think about it, the only reason we have set-tops now is that the traditional TV sets could not display all of our services without them. And in fact, it wasn't all that many years ago when we didn't have set-tops because our product was relatively simple, one way delivery of analog signals and all the TVs could get that other than encrypted Pay TV signals. So in a way, this is -- we're going back to the past, we're going back to the future, whatever we're doing. If you look at the cable in 1980s, there weren't a lot of set-tops, and I think we're going back to that over time. There most certainly is a disagreement within the industry about the importance of controlling the user interface. And I'm perhaps at one extreme, where I think it is not the sole reason that people buy our service. And we think that allowing people to get the very best experience is key competitively. So if somebody wants to use the interface that comes with one device versus another, that's fine. We're always going to have ours, and hopefully it'll be good and people will want it. But if there's a better one, as long as they buy video from us, I don't really care. Again, there is disagreement about that from other companies, you're right.
Glenn A. Britt: Rich, let me jump in on the Google Fiber question. And I made note of what Brian Roberts said yesterday about this. Yes, there's a lot of efforts going on around the country to see what we could do as a society with more bandwidth in kind of a laboratory sense. I view the Google effort as that. I think there's a bunch of not-for-profits working on the same thing. And I think that's good for our business. We have a wonderful infrastructure, we have bandwidth, we have a way to go much faster with DOCSIS 3.0 by adding video channel -- adding 6 major [ph] channels to the offering. And the more the people figure out how to use broadband, the better off we're going to be. So I think this is a good thing, not a bad thing, that people are trying to figure out how to use this technology.
Robert D. Marcus: For a long time now, we've kind of described the margin picture qualitatively as being the product of an improving mix of revenues from a margin perspective; in other words, greater proportion of our revenues coming from commercial, which has higher margins, greater proportion of our residential revenues coming from HSD, which has better margins than video, and that being somewhat offset by a consistent contraction in video margins. I don't anticipate that trend changing materially, and I think we have enough puts and takes to feel comfortable. But our margin trajectory is not going to change all that much over the next year.
Robert D. Marcus: There's been an awful lot of talk about changing practices amongst our competitors. And the reality, while not getting into the specifics, is that competition remains pretty intense in the marketplace. So I would not sort of make any expectations based on some overall decline in competitive intensity in the market. Notwithstanding that, we have a lot of concerted efforts under way to improve our overall subscriber performance, including video. And that includes, as you point out, product enhancements but also enhancements in our marketing and our customer experience as well as logistical practices like doing a better job in our sales and retention areas. So we're hard at work in improving video results, but I don't anticipate that changes in competitive practices are going to be the biggest driver of that.
Robert D. Marcus: Sure. I'll take both of those, Jessica. On IntelligentHome, I think as of the end of the quarter, we had something like 7,000 IntelligentHome customers. We've got a very deliberate plan of attack on launching that product, and we've only rolled it out in a handful of markets. And the game plan really is to refine our approach, both from a product perspective and also from a sales perspective, before we roll it out to other cities. So we really want to get it right before we go broad with it. We feel pretty good about the response. We think we're getting the knack of selling it, it's a somewhat different sales process than some of our other products, maybe a little bit more heavily dependent on direct sales rep involvement. But we're feeling good about the product, and we do intend to roll it out in the coming quarters. We just want to get the process right before we do. On Verizon Wireless, we're active in the symmetrical or reciprocal agency agreements in about 11 markets. I think we're in 189 Verizon Wireless stores now. The number of actual sales is still small, but again, I think the opportunity there is big, and we're excited about it.
Robert D. Marcus: I'll tell you what the product set is, and we can take it from there. Generally speaking, after an initial setup fee of about $99, if you buy the base product in a bundle, it generally is in the mid-$30 range, say, $33 to $35. The initial cost upfront varies depending on the equipment the customer buys. And we're actually in the process, in Q3, of launching a whole lot of ancillary products that go along with the base product. So let's just take a base service as being a touchscreen, coupled with a number of sensors, door and window, and a motion detector. On top of that, you can add cameras, both outdoor and indoor. We're introducing a carbon monoxide tester, sensor. So there are a lot of things you can add on for additional upfront costs. But the recurring revenue is in the mid-30s.
Robert D. Marcus: Okay. Okay. So I think the answer to your question, Stefan, is all of the above. We're hard at work on improving the value proposition of our video product. We've talked a lot over the last several quarters about making our video product available on various customer-owned devices, ranging from iOS devices to Android devices and game consoles and other customer-owned devices as well. And I think we continue to make progress on that, both in terms of expanding the number of devices, as well as enhancing the experience that customers enjoy when they're using those devices. Later this year, we're going to add to our linear channel lineup on iOS and Android with a VOD offering. So we continue to chug away on that front, and we're excited about it. In terms of the traditional set-top box-based experience, I spent a little time in my remarks talking about improvements we're making in the guide, both here and now on existing deployed set-top boxes, but also for next-generation equipment. And we do plan to have available IP set-top boxes next year. I think we'll have the first Gateway device actually later this year. And we've talked about that before, the Gateway is a pretty powerful DVR-plus. It'll have 6 tuners, 1 terabyte of storage, it'll have the DOCSIS 3.0 modem, as well as the ability to transcode content from QAM-based video into IP so that it can be consumed by IP devices, including the IP set-tops that I describe. As far as the breadth of content we're talking about, we're continually enhancing, not only the quantity and quality of the VOD product we've got, but the ease that customers have in actually navigating through that content. So I think we've got a lot of things in the works. You mentioned TV Everywhere; we're hard at work on expanding the programmers with whom we have out-of-home rights. So you'll see more to come on that front as well.
Robert D. Marcus: And I guess to answer the tag-on question, tag-along question, we wouldn't be investing in these improvements if we didn't think that providing greater value to customers ultimately enhanced our competitive position.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. So let me start by saying, I don't really want to take anything away from Comcast performance, they had a nice quarter. And I think the fact that both we and they posted really good results this quarter probably speaks most to the fact that we're in a terrific business, so that's point number one. Second, I always sort of shy away from these comparisons between the 2 of us on any particular metrics given that there are differences in our disclosure practices. It's really hard to draw significant conclusions from a lot of the individual metrics that we report on. I think if you take a step back and look at our 2 businesses at the highest level, I think we still have higher video penetration. I think we have higher HSD penetration as well, as a matter of fact. And we certainly have higher business services revenue relative to the size of our footprint. So it's not shocking, at least to me, that while they're in a phase of sort of catching up to those numbers that I just described, that they might grow a little bit faster in any one quarter as opposed to another. The truth is, I want to win, but I want to win relative to the guys we're facing in the markets that we're competing with. So all of the initiatives I described in my prepared remarks really relate to our performing even better than we have been, independent of any comparisons you might make to Comcast. So we're hard at work on product, we're hard at work improving our marketing. I think we've made great strides there. We're definitely doing things on the customer service side to make doing business with us easier and better. And we're always trying to improve on logistical things like improving sales processes and retention processes. So you're right in characterizing me as competitive. I absolutely want to win. And I think we're initiating the right processes to get there.
Robert D. Marcus: So, Rich, I don't think it's new news that the video business is mature or maturing. And I also don't think it's new news, for us at least, that our real opportunity for residential growth rests with our high-speed data product. We've been postulating that, that's the case for some time now. And I think it's evident in our approach to marketing, where we've highlighted a combination of triple plays and really getting noncustomers to subscribe to our HSD product, which we think is advantaged in the marketplace. As part of that approach, we certainly not only want to get new HSD customers, but we want to move them up to higher tiers of service. And the way we've typically done that is to market the benefits of higher speed services, meaning the better experience customers can have doing the things they want to do with our highest speed tiers. I know you took note of our first Enjoy Better advertisement, which highlighted the fact that Netflix and Call of Duty would be better with our robust broadband offering. That's the mindset that informs our marketing efforts. In addition to that, of course, we're coupling that with interesting packaging that makes it attractive for customers to subscribe to higher tiers of HSD service. So earlier in the year, we featured a combination of Wideband plus TV Essentials at an attractive price for customers who are what I would call broadband biased, so they cared less about the video product, more about broadband. Right now, we're out in the market with a Turbo plus Broadcast, Basic combination, which has actually gotten a lot of traction. So we're going to continue to play around with packaging approaches, but the goal always is to move customers upmarket, as you say. The one thing I do want to mention, I mentioned it briefly in our prepared remarks, we're increasingly rolling out WiFi, which is yet another value add for customers who take higher tiers of service. So I think there's a lot of different prongs to this strategy, but you're right on it, HSD is where our residential future resides.
Robert D. Marcus: Thanks, Rich. And thanks, everyone, for joining us. To give you a little bit of advance notice, our next quarterly earnings conference call, which will reflect third quarter 2012 results, will be on Wednesday, October 31, 2012, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. Have a great day.
Irene M. Esteves: And I think as we've mentioned before, there's a number of initiatives, and Rob mentioned a few of them, where we're continually looking for efficiency benefits to offset some of the other cost increases that we have talked about.
Irene M. Esteves: Sure, Tuna. First of all, all of the synergies that we've identified in the $100 million is our cost savings, so we're fairly conservative in estimating what the synergies would be for this business. And about 1/3 of them come from programming, 1/3 of them from basically closing down the headquarters and making those changes, and the final 1/3 from many different places throughout the P&L. And the first 2 are primarily done. The 1/3, programming costs, almost all of them virtually are under our new lower programming contracts. And the New York headquarters building was closed, and we severed a number of folks during that process. So 2/3 of the savings are pretty much booked, and we're working through the final 1/3 of those savings.
Irene M. Esteves: I can start with the answer to your expense question. On the programming side, we did have $15 million of adjustments of contracts that were adjusted during the quarter based on new estimates, and so that had an impact on the quarters. But also, we're just looking forward to what contracts we have left versus the contracts which we already have in place and any new, and that's what brought us to the conclusion that our guidance maybe was a little bit high, and that's the reason that we brought it down. And as far as SG&A, if you take out the impact of Insight, SG&A was up about 5%. And that was really the S part of the SG&A, which is sales in the business services group. We're impressively building our sales capability as well as capital improvement in that group to really drive sales there.
