Chris Winfrey: Hey, Jonathan, we expected a question along these lines and I have some thoughts. We expected the market to return to normal actually last year including seasonality. So difficult to say. But as Jessica mentioned transaction volume in the market, it remains low particularly move return, which is a key source of net subscriber acquisition for us. There are some facts that put our lower year-over-year growth in context. Our churn rates of all kinds and across all footprint types remains at record lows. The pace of gigabit overlap increases within our footprint, so far has remained consistent with the past few years, despite commentary about acceleration. So we have competition everywhere we operate, and we always have. And our largest wireline competitor had negative residential wireline net additions in the quarter, where we continue to grow. So compared to last year's first quarter with already low market activity, our gross addition rate in the first quarter of this year was lower in both overbuild and our non-overbuild footprint by the same amount. Together with record low churn, this illustrates the biggest driver remains lower selling opportunities from overall market activity and churn. Jonathan, there are additional factors which could also contribute to lower gross addition rates. First, lower household growth rates, Tom just talked about, which we along with others have seen. There's still a lingering pull-forward effect from the shift to our higher-quality broadband during the pandemic. It comes from DSL, VDSL and mobile-only customers, which accelerated the conversion rates of that same base, which we would have seen today. Finally, the mix-related impact of a small increase and more competitive overlap on gross addition rates would be the smallest contributor, and really no different than what we've seen in the prior years. We do not see -- I know, it's a question. We don't see direct impacts from fixed wireless access in our churn or our gross additions. So does that mean could fix wireless access be converting DSL and mobile-only customers that would normally come to us? It's possible and it would be hard to see it load volume across our entire footprint. But we would see that as a potential parking lot for conversion to our faster, more reliable and more ubiquitously marketed and deployed broadband offering. So we take all competition seriously and it's not new for us. But I don't believe fixed wireless access is having any material impact on us today when compared to the factors I mentioned. So, overall activity levels remain low, and we will trial different tactics to stimulate more competitive churn, but market activity and move return will return. And when it does, we expect our Internet net addition rate to normalize. Our already very strong mobile line growth should get even better with higher attach and upgrade rates to the fastest and really the only real converged Internet product in our footprint that also saves customers significant money. As Tom mentioned, our various construction initiatives should provide a larger recurring footprint expansion for customer acquisition, as we get to the end of this year. So I don't have a guidance or an outlook. But I think those are the biggest drivers of what we're seeing today and hopefully that's helpful to the question you asked. 
Chris Winfrey: Brett a good example of that we do -- we have a premium plus $10 package in our mobile. So, even that at $39.99, so our standard is $29.99 when you take two mobiles or more. But at $39.99 the impact the take up on is very low. And the reason it's very low is for the reason that Tom just mentioned. Already they get the fastest mobile product in the country through the standard limited offer that we have at $29.99. And because our network works better together with WiFi and you've got 85% offload with the nation's fastest broadband and therefore the nation's fastest mobile there really hasn't been much of a need or a desire even at that attractive price point to take what you would call a premium product.
Chris Winfrey: Hey, Doug, this is Chris. Look for competitive reasons I don't want to go deep into the remaining broadband penetration. People have statistics. They know what's out there. There's still a sizable opportunity for us to grow the market which Tom talked about. And in terms of DSL, it's declining but there's still a decent base. You really need to think about not just DSL but really the VDSL. That's really the new DSL. I talked a little bit about to the extent that fixed wireless access is building up potentially in the areas that we're moving into from a rural perspective, that's in the future DSL pile or parking lot of subscribers that we can go acquire. So it's DSL today, it's VDSL and it's inferior broadband product relationships that are getting created today that provides that fuel for growth for us in the future from a mix standpoint.
Chris Winfrey: Yes we see churn down in both types of footprints at a similar amount and we see the almost – well not almost the exact same reduction in gross addition rate in both overbuild and non-overbuild footprint, which really completely validates that this isn't a competitive phenomenon that you see in the marketplace. It's the market activity a low-mover churn environment. And we're stimulating in a lot of different ways and some of that will have some success but the bigger driver will just be when the market starts to normalize. So yes, you understood it correctly.
Chris Winfrey: Yes. I'd add to that Ben. You've seen it as well around for a while. The history of these tertiary overbuilders is pretty demonstrated as well. And my experience is they all start out with a rosy story and they get a lot of capital going in. And the early penetration is, because there's something new and environment starts to look good. And as long as you can sell fast enough you can do okay as a return. But the history is that they all go bankrupt and they end up having to be recapitalized. And so I think there's that repeat that takes place every so often in the marketplace. And so you see some of that. And our job is just put our head down and be competitive like we always have and go dig out customers and continue to develop products pricing and packaging that people can't replicate. So like Tom I'm about as optimistic as you could be about where the business continues to go. 
Tom Rutledge: Yes. Well, I think the -- Brett the answer to your question is we will use those tactics that make economic sense to us to drive our business and to drive our relationship growth in this mobile broadband space. And the -- as I said in my comments we have very good growth and we have greater growth than the rest of the mobile industry currently. So, we're on track and doing the right things currently from a marketing perspective and we think we can accelerate that growth. So, there are various tactics that you see people who sell wireless do and they're all related to trying to create a value proposition for customers and some of them cost more than others. Fundamentally, we think that our CBRS and our WiFi offload continue to allow us to have low-cost mobile products with high capacity available to our customers which gives us the ability to sell those products at value propositions for consumers, which ultimately is what we think drives our ability to shift -- drive market share. So we -- I don't put any marketing tactic on the side and say we won't do it or because we're not doing it today we won't do it in the future. But our fundamental strategy is to use our network effectively and provide a high-quality best-in-class service better than anyone else in fact right now in terms of speed capability and sell that for a lower price. And we think that that value is what consumers will ultimately recognize. How we package that up in various marketing tactics I think is open to what is successful. And we constantly experiment with marketing tactics to see what resonates best. But we think the core concept is the driver of our opportunity.
Tom Rutledge: Well, the opportunity Jessica is to create advertising revenue and to create transaction revenue on the product. And so those are the money drivers. And that requires obviously having full set of content opportunities and using your IP and your marketing skills in the digital space to drive consumer activity and viewing. And so that's the opportunity from the platform from a monetization perspective. Our capital commitment we haven't disclosed that. But it's in the grand scheme of things from a development point of view it's relatively minor, especially when you consider the CPE business that we've always been in where we've actually had to buy CPE. This in many cases will be a retail product. So -- and lastly…
Tom Rutledge: Yeah. We don't manage the margins. We managed to return on investment. And so we try to generate as much cash on each asset that we deploy as we can and has really nothing to do with margins when you have a mix of products with different kinds of margins in them. And so it's only in a static environment that a margin relative -- relative margin has any value as an analysis tool in our -- from our point of view.
Tom Rutledge: But another part of your question was what's the overall broadband penetration. And if you take all those smaller speeds slow speed products, it's in the mid-80s. And as I said earlier I think that goes up towards the vacancy rate.
Tom Rutledge: Like I was speaking about marketing earlier that's a form of price. We have lots of opportunity to mix and match various tactics to create value for customers perceived value. But fundamental value is where we're really trying to drive our product, which is having superior products at lower prices than our competitors by doing smart investments and good technologies that allow us to have a lower cost structure and have a lower cost per bit so to speak available to consumers both in the mobile space and in the broadband space and in the video space to the extent it's a separate business. And we can mix and match those value propositions in a variety of ways depending on what we need to do to move customer perceptions about where the true value is in the product set.
Tom Rutledge: And with regard to video, why we're somewhat of an outlier, we try hard for one thing. And again, we try to put value where we can for the consumer and think that, there's still opportunity in video. And one of the things that we had success with is, the creation of additional packaging and the mix of video products that we actually sell to consumers. And we're continuously improving the right structures around what we're able to sell. And it's been difficult because of the way historically video has been packaged in this very fat expensive bundle that's driven by sports rights costs. And as we've been able to get some of the content out of that, the ecosystem, and put into tiers and we're successfully selling those. And I think over time, we'll be able to build a very nice video business.
Tom Rutledge: All right. Well, in terms of sentiment, yes, there have been periods in my business career in cable where sentiment has gone up and down. And my sentiment remains the same. And I think, it's a great business and I think we have great opportunity to take and to continue to grow the business successfully. And so, when everybody's euphoric, it's probably odd. And when everybody is pessimistic, it's odd, and I'm unchanged. And my experiences with Cablevision and other assets, I managed Time Warner assets as well, prior to that, and have managed competition. My first job as a general manager in 1980, was an overbuild, actually. And so, I have lots of experience with it and lots of success in growing our businesses in that environment. So there's nothing unusual about what's going on now. And actually, from a competitive environment, it's pretty much unchanged, the pace of what's been going on, notwithstanding that there are some small builds going on elsewhere with private equity, as you say and that LEC expansion has continued. But it hasn't gone up in pace. So -- and we do quite well, regardless of whether we're in a physical competition with a wireline builder or whether we're in competition with satellites or whether we're in competition with a fixed wireless asset. We're pretty comfortable that we can continue to drive our value proposition and continue to grow our customer relationships. So my sentiment is unchanged. And are there opportunities for us to buy some infrastructure companies that would help us make our network better, because they happen to be in the right place? There probably is.
Tom Rutledge: And in terms of the pace of upgrades, we're actually doing multiple upgrades in various parts of the country right now. And we're pacing ourselves in such a way that we're learning how to do it really effectively. The interesting thing about our capacity to do these upgrades is that they're quite simple electronic upgrades. They're relatively inexpensive and we can do them rapidly across as much of our footprint as we need to do. And we're just actually putting ourselves in a position right now so that we can execute at the pace we need to execute given where the demand for that kind of capacity will exist. And we haven't really forecasted that publicly in terms of how fast we're going to do that. 
Jessica Fischer: Yes, we did start booking RDOF revenue in Q1, Phil. They're two months in for the total of $19 million. And the run rate on the RDOF booking will be at that. So it gets booked in over the 10-year period that we receive the funds. So we'll have it at that just over $9 million a month from now until 10-years from now.
Jessica Fischer: …margins ultimately could go. I mean it's hard to comment on margins in the context of our business because your mix of video product makes such a difference. And ultimately, we're trying to sell the right mix of products to the consumer that drives the most cash flow per customer which doesn't necessarily drive the most margin, on a financial statement presentation sort of basis. So I would say on that one it's hard to speculate on where exactly margins would go as a percentage. But ultimately, we think that what we're doing by capturing additional share in the mobile market, using that and capturing additional share in the broadband market, which drives sort of the most cash flow off of our assets and in our other services as well, we think that that's the right thing to do to drive cash flow for the business and to continue to grow regardless of what the margin line ultimately shows.
Jessica Fischer: Yeah. So if I start on the expense items Vijay, the bad debt we're not back to pre-pandemic levels. I don't expect us actually to go all the way back to pre-pandemic levels. The subsidies for broadband that are available in the market have eased the impact on consumers of sort of what happens in the economy and just made it easier to pay for services overall. And they are targeted, obviously, those consumers who are more prone to go non-pay in the first place. So non-pay churn overall continues to be at near-record lows. And I think that, right now we haven't seen yet sort of moves back towards pre-pandemic levels. On the RDOF side, I think that spend in the rural construction initiative overall, I wouldn't expect it to sort of trend at a very steady level over time. There will be opportunities that we have to accelerate spend at points in time and as we have those opportunities, because we think that continuing the build is important, we likely will take them. I think we've accelerated right now some of the kind of spend that I talked about happening in this quarter the design and make-ready type expenses. We're trying to pull those forward, so that we can be ready to deploy as quickly as possible sort of to deploy more going into next year. It's – that's not a change in guide sort of on where we think we're going for overall. But I think as I said, when we issued – when we talked about the $1 billion that we hoped to spend for the year, we could spend more or we could spend less than that. And it's all based on what we're able to do. We're going as fast as we can.
Jessica Fischer: I guess I'll start on the leverage target question. If I think about where we are right now rates have obviously increased versus where they've been in the recent past. In historical context, I think that rates are still quite low. And so maybe not a little bit, but in line with where we'd expect them to be. In the -- from a growth perspective, as you just heard from Tom and Chris I think we continue to be quite optimistic about our growth opportunity. And on the sentiment side, our stock is trading at a multiple to free cash flow even that's just pretty low compared to where we've been. And so I think that we're happy with where we're sitting targeting the high end of our four to 4.5 times leverage ratio. We obviously continue to evaluate over time. It would be hard to sort of break out what scenario exactly would cause us to move off of that space. But I think that we're happy with where we are and we'll continue to target at that level. 
