Robert D. Marcus: Jessica, look, there's no question that the programming battles, generally, and retrans battles, specifically, have become more public and more publicly contentious. And that's not healthy for the industry. It's not healthy for our customers, most importantly. And we've continually referenced the fact that the real victim in all of this are the customers who get stuck in the middle. One of the things we've advocated historically is the notion of interim carriage pending resolution of these disputes, and that's certainly something that would alleviate the pressure on customers. As far as breaking up the bundle, we've always been big fans of providing customers with more choice, whether that specifically means one by one purchases of networks, I think remains to be seen. But I think that more flexibility around the big bundle is probably a healthy dynamic for the marketplace. The -- whether that's something that is regulatorily mandated or not, I think is yet a separate question.
Robert D. Marcus: I think the HSD numbers are actually reflective of the overall approach to pricing on the front end, and what we've said is we've made a conscious choice between rate and volume here. It doesn't mean it's a forever choice, but we are always sort of playing with that balance of rate and volume, and it's really a reflection of the declining Triple Play connects. If you look at HSD-only customers, we actually added 90,000 HSD-onlys. Connect volume on HSD-onlys was actually pretty healthy, and I wouldn't lose track of the fact that, overall, HSD revenue growth was up 12.5% for the quarter. It's true that, that was largely on the back of ARPU improvement of 9-plus percent, but we did get some benefit from volume as well. So this is sort of not unexpected, given the approach to pricing and packaging. I would tell you that we're focused on whether there are ways within the confines of the approach we've taken to further enhance volume, and we hope to make that happen.
Robert D. Marcus: I'm happy to do that, Vijay, and thank you. The -- I would generally say that the promotional environment continues to be pretty intense. There has been some differences across our geographies, and I would call that, in particular, the competition and the competitive dynamic in the Midwest, where U-verse, in particular, has been very aggressive on pricing. The net effect of that was that despite the fact that we have only about 1/4 of our total PSUs in the Midwest, I think the Midwest accounted for more than half of our total PSU net losses. So there's no question that the aggressive pricing in the Midwest had an impact. Needless to say, within the -- consistent with our overall pricing strategy, we've adjusted our pricing there to respond to the competitive dynamic, and we're expecting improved results in that region. Interestingly, in FiOS markets, we've actually fared relatively well with churn down in those markets. So I feel pretty good about the way we've competed there. So there are some differences. By and large, though, this was a function of lower connects across the board with the one exception being an increase in disconnects in the Midwest.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, Vijay, this is something that is -- it's very case specific. So when we've done transactions in the past, and I'll take Insight, as a for instance. One of the benefits we got out of that transaction was that we were able to take the Insight properties and avail them of the benefit of our better programming costs, and that yielded a meaningful portion of the overall $100 million of run-rate synergy that we talked about at the time we did the deal. So whether or not synergies from programming cost improvement would exist in other transactions really depends on the programming cost that existed before the transaction, and then how the structure of the transaction affects, whether those programming costs could be realized by putting additional systems under our contracts or vice versa for that matter. In most cases, we have not talked about programming cost synergies emanating from simply being larger. In theory, of course, there could be some benefit from that as well.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, so Doug, thank you. The -- at this point, we have no announcements to make on additional personnel changes. What I would point out, though, is that, earlier in the year -- and we talked about this a little bit, I think on the Q4 call -- we instituted a management reorganization, which resulted in our naming 3 Chief Operating Officers, one for each of our main lines of business. So Bill Goetz is running our residential operation as Chief Operating Officer, Phil Meeks as Chief Operating Officer of business services, and Joan Gillman as Chief Operating Officer of media sales, and I would simply say that I feel completely confident in their abilities to lead those businesses. They're all very experienced, seasoned executives, and we're in very good hands.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. So I think I said in my prepared remarks that recurring revenue from new connects, generally, across all of the customer cohorts is up high single digits over last year. Within that, though, I would tell you that the video Single Play cohorts are actually increasing the least. And there are pretty significant like 20% increases in HSD-onlys and 15% plus increases in Triple Play. Video Internet Double Plays are also up fairly meaningfully.
Robert D. Marcus: Rich, I'm going to do them in reverse order. We're not going to comment publicly on the various machinations in our negotiations with CBS. I think I would simply say what we always say about programming negotiations, which is that we are very focused on ensuring that we obtain reasonable pricing for the programming that our customers value, so that we can ensure that they, in turn, can pay reasonable prices for those -- for our video services. So that's going to continue to guide our negotiations on that front, and we're not going to comment further on it. With respect to your question about Comcast performance, we've gone through great lengths to articulate our overall strategy, and I feel good about the progress we're making. I think there are some benefits on the cost side that definitely derive from scale, whether that's programming costs or some ability to defray other fixed costs, but I don't think there's anything beyond that. Artie, I don't know if you want to comment on it.
Robert D. Marcus: Okay, so I think it's fair to say that generally speaking, the new connect revenue is still slightly below the average for the relevant cohorts. So in other words, new connects for Triple Plays is still below the Triple Play average. But it would be pretty surprising if that weren't the case, given that we're still promoting to generate new connects just at, by and large, higher levels than we were before.
Robert D. Marcus: I guess, finally, just to close out on this one, one of the trends that we're very pleased with is that the gap between revenue associated with new connects and revenue associated with disconnects is shrinking, and that's a very positive dynamic as it relates to overall ARPU.
Robert D. Marcus: Craig, on M&A, generally, I actually think whether we're talking about acquiring, being acquired, combining in some other way, the mindset is pretty much the same for us, and it's really about the creation of value for our shareholders. I've articulated our philosophy on this many times, but it's really all about whether the use of financial capacity towards acquiring a company is the highest and best use of our financial capacity. So can we create value by managing the property better than the owners who currently operate it? And can we negotiate deals that enable us to capture that value for our shareholders? That's sort of threshold number one, and then, can we -- on a tax-effective, synergized, gross-adjusted basis, acquire the assets at a multiple that's attractive relative to the basis on which we could acquire our own shares? And by and large, in the past, the latter has been more attractive than the former, and that's the way we've dedicated our financial capacity. I don't see any reason to change that philosophy. We still buy in completely. On WiFi, we're continuing to deploy WiFi aggressively. Last year's focus was primarily in Los Angeles. This year, we've turned our attention, not exclusively, but primarily to New York City. We made some great inroads there recently, and we've -- we actually have lit up somewhere -- a couple of thousand towers in New York City over the last month or so, and we continue to be very excited about that as a value-added feature for our high-speed data customers. Whether or not we would use WiFi with a, let's say, an MVNO backup as an overall wireless service, I think we haven't come to a conclusion on that yet. We continue to be partnered with Verizon Wireless, and we're each selling each other's services, and we're comfortable with that approach for the time being.
Robert D. Marcus: I think the fact that we're buying back shares speaks for itself, but I'll let Artie speak to that further.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. At this point, our perception is that this is a complement to the existing service, and over time, our expectation, especially as we start enabling devices that are more akin to a traditional set-top box, Roku being an example and the Smart -- certainly the Samsung Smart TVs being an example, it's conceivable that set-top boxes will be replaced. But at this point, since most of the activity has been on what are, by their nature, companion devices, meaning iPads and iPhones and Android smartphones, it's been mostly complementary usage as opposed to replacement usage.
Robert D. Marcus: It is all about giving customers choice to consume our video offering the way that they like to consume it. A by-product of that may turn out to be that customers buy their own CPE and there is a concomitant reduction in our capital, but the primary objective is customer flexibility and choice.
Robert D. Marcus: So Amy, it's early to talk about the Dodgers. We haven't yet begun the process of seeking affiliation agreements. So it's just too early to start giving any sort of sense of the financial impact for 2014. Based on our experience with the Lakers RSN, we know that most of the action happened very close to the launch date of the networks. So I can't give you either financials or reactions from distributors quite yet.
Robert D. Marcus: Let's talk about what the objective of doing the Lakers deal was, just to put it in context. We had a choice between acquiring product that included the Lakers games from third-party RSNs or doing a deal directly with the Lakers to acquire that product to include in our video offering. And we concluded that the structure of doing a deal directly with the Lakers was economically preferable to the alternative of acquiring that product through a third-party RSN, both in terms of near-term cost, but also -- net cost, but also in terms of the predictability of the access to that programming on a long-term basis. We were going -- very likely to carry Lakers games either way. And it is also the case that we don't carry them exclusively and wouldn't carry them exclusively if a third-party owned them. So no impact on market share from that. It was entirely premised on an evaluation of relative costs. I think it's fair to say that there is some overall branding impact benefit that we get from our association with the Lakers RSN, with an iconic brand in the LA market, but it's very difficult to connect that with specific market share gains. With respect to WiFi, also, I think the early evidence we have is that our customers who do use WiFi hotspots tend to churn less than customers who do not use WiFi hotspots. I hesitate to call that cause-and-effect, although the correlation is pronounced. And intuitively, we think that level of value-add is going to make our HSD product more attractive than the alternative. So we're going to continue to invest in that and other markets. But again, I wouldn't point to a specific market share that emanates from that investment.
Robert D. Marcus: Okay, U-verse, I wouldn't call it a pronounced change during the quarter. Throughout the quarter, U-verse was pretty aggressive with a beacon price of $79 for their Triple Play and $49 for their Double Play. I would characterize those as aggressive promotional prices, and they had an impact. I would say that the impact was more pronounced as the quarter wore on. We've now responded to that in the market, and I expect that our relative performance should improve there. With respect to the new tiers of service, both are designed to really further segment the marketplace and ensure that we have the right products for a broader spectrum of customers. So I think that the Lifeline product, and to be clear, we've only just launched it in New York State. There are regulatory hurdles that one needs to go through in order to launch that service. So we're good to go in New York State. It should allow us to tap into a group of customers who are otherwise priced out of the market or were forced to get their voice product from some of our competitors who had a Lifeline offering. So I do think there's some interesting potential there. And as we roll it out to a broader portion of our footprint, I would hope it would have a pronounced impact on our phone connects. As far as the usage-based tier, the 30-gigabyte tier, again, I think it adds another opportunity for customers to better match our value proposition with their particular needs. So at least, in theory, the reason we're doing it is we think we can attract yet another point along the demand curve of customers.
Arthur T. Minson: Rich, it's Artie. No, those are not at this point having a meaningful impact to the overall growth trajectory of the business.
Arthur T. Minson: Hey, it's Artie here. Let me take that one. But one of the things, I think, we've been very consistent about since we spun out from Time Warner is our overall balance sheet strategy with, really, a North Star leverage target of 3.25 and a solid investment grade rating, and just given, frankly, the absolute dollar value of debt we have, it's really important for us to keep that solid investment-grade rating and ongoing access to the capital market. So I think we feel we've met the right balance between leverage ratio and optimizing the cost of capital. And I think for right now, we're very comfortable.
Arthur T. Minson: Right now, for us, what's really important is that solid BBB rating. It's something, as I said, it's really a North Star target for us. There have been times, obviously, when we spun out from Time Warner, we were above and we came down quickly. If something opportunistic came up, we would look at it, but really, the North Star is the 3.25 and solid BBB rating.
Arthur T. Minson: And the only thing I would add is that the impact of the new subs on the overall ARPU is there's only about 10% of the subs in the new pricing architecture. So while it's having a meaningful impact on the new connect performance, it takes a little bit of time to make its way through the overall ARPU...
Arthur T. Minson: Yes. Let me give you a little bit of color on that. We, as you know, we have book provision of about -- we're really in the 39%, 40% range. But on the cash tax front, we're getting benefits from still, the Adelphia step-up, Insight NOL. So as a result, cash taxes for the year will probably be in the range of $600 million to $700 million. That will ultimately depend on whether or not we make a pension contribution for the year, but that's about the range we're looking at.
Arthur T. Minson: Yes, Craig. Obviously, we've re-upped the repurchase program last week, and as Rob indicated, we wouldn't be announcing a reauthorization if we weren't going to be in the market. We've bought back about $1.3 billion to date and reaffirmed the $2.5 billion target for the year in repurchases. So obviously, the intent is to be in the market, and we would only be so if we saw that as value creating.
Arthur T. Minson: Yes, it's Artie here. So let me give you a little bit. We're not going to go into the business of sort of quarterly subscription guidance, which I think is where you were potentially going. As it relates to financial guidance, I think we gave you a little bit of color on the call. In terms of that, the back half of the year, the growth rate, particularly in Q4, you're going to see an improvement in the OIBDA growth rate. You will see, as it relates to margins, you'll see margins come down a bit in Q2 to Q3. And you will see sequential margin improvement from Q3 to Q4 with our expectation that margins will actually be up year-over-year in Q4. How we get there will really be on the revenue front. We will be -- obviously, we're working through rate increases now and promotional roll-offs, and we'll continue to be very focused on the cost side and taking out costs via operating efficiencies. So that's a little bit of the financial picture, and I think on the subscriber front, we'll leave it at that.
Arthur T. Minson: What we're doing is we're doing a full review of expenses, and I'll give you a little bit of context. We spend about $14 billion in OpEx, and this year, about $3.2 billion of capital. And we're going through and sort of chunking it into its various pieces. Obviously, you pointed out programming which is a big piece on the cost of revenue side. And when we're done with this sort of phone migration of taking phone in-house, my feel, actually, we're pretty tight on the cost of revenue side. Where we've been looking at potential opportunities, if we look at places where we've been seeing a little bit of margin erosion, it's on the SG&A side. And so there's some areas there where we think we could be a little bit tighter. Now there's reasons why in some areas, on the SG&A side, expenses have gone up. We've invested, obviously, in salespeople to drive the overall business services revenue, but that is an area, where we look at opportunities, that's one we will be focused on. And obviously, when we get into the capital spending, I think that's going to be more about are we allocating the overall magnum of spend to the right projects? And I'd rather focus on really just making sure the right projects are being funded than change in overall CapEx funding levels.
