Rob Marcus: Thanks, John. The fact sheet that the FCC circulated yesterday is a little hard to decipher. So I'm not sure we really understand exactly what's being proposed yet, and as you say, it's an NPRM process, and my expectation is that sometime after the meeting in mid-February we'll get a clearer view of exactly what is being proposed. But from what I can glean from the materials that have been shared, it appears to me that this is an attempt to create regulation that is really unnecessary given the advances that have been made driven by marketplace forces. And in particular what I mean is that almost every MVPD, if not every MVPD, has over the last several years made great strides to make their video products available through multiple different devices to give customers a lot more choice than they ever had, and that's happening without any imposition of regulation, which as we all know can have unintended consequences that it can actually stymie or thwart innovation as opposed to advance it. So I'm highly skeptical, but I really do want to reserve judgment until we see the specifics of what's being proposed. We in particular have been at the forefront of some of the developments in the delivery of IPTV, not only through our TWC TV app, which serves as a complement to our traditional video service. It enables customers to consume our video product in all sorts of IP-enabled devices, but more recently, through the trial that we're doing in New York City which represents kind of the first stage of a potential substitutional service which would enable customers to enjoy our video service without leasing a set-top box, so again, hard to really see the need for regulation in an environments that's as dynamic and as vibrant as this one.
Rob Marcus: Jessica, we're not going to give specific guidance on 2016 programming expense, just as we're not really going to give any other guidance. I would tell you, I don't expect any near-term fundamental change in the trajectory of programming cost growth. In the fullness of time, do we see the growth rate we've seen for the last, I don't know, how many number of years moderating? I think it's certainly a very interesting time. And there are some reasons to believe that in fact long-term programming cost growth might moderate. One of the points of leverage historically that programmers have had is that if we cease to carry a particular network due to an inability to reach an agreement, customers who wanted that network would have no other choice but to switch to an alternative MVPD, and that certainly put pressure on us at the negotiating table. I think as you see more and more programmers making their networks or their content available on an a la carte basis direct to consumers I think that dynamic changes, and it does potentially shift leverage in a manner that could allow us to moderate programming cost growth. But again, very early days in those kinds of trends, and there's a lot of things that go into programming cost growth, so I'm hesitant to make any firm prediction at this point.
Rob Marcus: Again, I'm going to refrain from making longer term projections. We added a million HSD customers in 2015. We're looking forward to robust growth in 2016. So we think there continues to be room to grow, and that's what we're focused on doing for now.
Rob Marcus: I'll start on that one, and if Dinni has anything to add he'll chime in, but I think the general takeaway from the work we were doing in the Maxx markets is that the improvements to our product set, the reliability of the product sets and overall customer satisfaction are all really -- we're getting very positive feedback across the board there. And I think it's starting to show up in our numbers. We've had churn improvement across our footprint, but even more significant churn improvement in the earliest of our Maxx markets, New York, and LA. So it's all favorable. At this point, we haven't seen any material change in take rates on what I guess -- what you're calling is the end services, I can't think of what you might be talking about except maybe transactional VOD, but there's nothing else that would jump out at me as something that would logically flow from the features and benefits that we're rolling out in Maxx markets. But overall we're very pleased with the investments we're making, and that's why in '16 we have a pretty healthy lineup of markets that will be moved to Maxx.
Rob Marcus: I'm not going to talk about details of our programming agreements. What I will say is that the offering we're trialing in New York is explicitly directed at in-home video viewing. It really is designed to be an alternative to our traditional set-top box-based video product. Separately, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're always working towards augmenting our outside-of-the-home video offering. And as we said, that -- The channel lineup and the VOD content that's available outside the home is growing pretty quickly, and we think that's a nice value add for our video customers. But the IP TV trial that you're referring is really targeted at in-home viewing.
Rob Marcus: So Brandon, we've talked about Google before as a competitor. As you probably know, our experience with Google is still pretty much limited to the Kansas City market, where Google is available in roughly, let's say, 350,000 to 400-and-some-odd thousand homes in the region is the range they're at that's sort of the state of their development. In some places it's theoretically available but it's not yet really being offered. In any event, we -- they're a real competitor. We've certainly experienced some element of sub losses in Kansas City. But as they move into other markets, and the most near-term market is Austin, where they're just getting started. We think as a result of the experience we've had in KC, that we're much better positioned to compete with Google in future markets than we've ever been. And in part that relates to the rollout of TWC Maxx, where we think our products are not just more capable with HSD speeds up to 300 megabits a second, and all digital video, but also much more reliable. And add to that the fact that we've deployed increased Wi-Fi hotspots in those markets. We think we're very well-equipped to compete with Google wherever they end up going. And as we know from experience, these –- the time between announcements about considering a particular market and actually being in markets are multi-year endeavors. So, to the extent that anything happens in LA, I think we're a number of years out.
Rob Marcus: I don't really -- I'm not distinguishing much between the two. We've not seen as much in the way of direct-to-consumer availability of sports programming. So to the extent that that's different than the comment I made about a leverage -- a potential leverage shift. And I don't want to get too far ahead of myself here. I don't think we've really quite seen it yet. And I raise it only as a long-term potential. But if in fact sports programming was available on that basis, same thought would apply.
Rob Marcus: Yes, Brandon, for long time now I've been an advocate of providing customers with choice, whether that's in HSD or video. On the HSD side, we offer our many tiers -- many speed tiers and consumption tiers because we think that a one-size-fits-all approach doesn't yield maximum benefit to us. Same goes true -- goes for video. And the only reason that we haven't run headlong into a Custom TV-type solution is that we've really made a great effort to simplify our offerings as we tried to turn our residential business around, and keeping things simple. Meaning limiting ourselves really to one lead triple-play offer with a couple of different flavors, and focusing on a simple approach has served us very well. And I think that's in part what's driven our recent subscriber success.
Rob Marcus: So Craig, I'll give you a little bit more without any specific numbers. In our prepared remarks, we did say that our 2016 plan contemplated continued subscriber growth and better financial results. And when we say better financial results, we mean not just revenue but also OIBDA. So, put that in. You can factor that comment in. In terms of wireless, I am not really sure I have much to add to things like previously said in this area. Obviously, we're not going to be participating in the spectrum auction. And our focus in the mobility space has been on the continued deployment of our Wi-Fi access points. We think that adds value to our HSD customers. And we're going to continue to spend to expand that network. And at this point, that's the extent of our wireless game plan.
Rob Marcus: Yes, I am not sure how granular we can get on the call, Laura although it's we can certainly follow up on. Let me give you a couple of high level numbers. Our usage of the TWC TV app has grown materially over the last year. I think in December, we had something like 20 million sessions. And I think somewhere approaching 10% of our customers actually use the app. So, it's starting to get good traction and certainly adds to the value proposition. Most of that use is in home. And frankly, most of that use is on a couple of platforms iOS and android with growing use on local devices as well as some of the other platforms. In terms of linear versus on demand, I don't have the stats at my fingertips and we can probably follow-up with that.
Rob Marcus: Okay. So just to give you the stat on customer-owned modems, I think roughly 14.5% of HSD customers bring their own modem. It's an interesting question as to whether or not there is real aversion to leasing a set-top box and how much demand there will be for an alternative. We think giving customers the choice is the right way to go. And those customers who want to continue to lease a set-top box from us will be satisfied through a program when we do that. And those that do not, we would like to give the opportunity to consume our video product a different way through a device that they might otherwise own already or that they might go out and purchase themselves. So we think that customer choice is the order of the day there. And we'll have to see how the demand is. We know that in the trial that we are doing and there is obviously a lot of self selection and trial, but the feedback we're getting is extremely favorable. Thank you for doing this. That's what we wanted. So, we'll have to see. It's one of the reasons why we're doing the trial is to understand exactly how interesting this is to customers. In terms of Maxx, it's a little tough to say because we're completed in some markets, and then, we are in-process in others. I would say from a totally completed perspective, if you measure it based on customer relationships or homes path, and I think it's more or less the same. I think we're probably in the low 40s% range. Partially completed, we're somewhat higher than that. And probably give or take half of that happened in 2014 -- '15 excuse me, with the first half being in 2014.
Rob Marcus: Yes, Stephan. We actually are beyond and have been for many years beyond the trial phase. We've offered across our footprint for several years; two different usage-based offerings, one, which enables customers to use five gigabytes a month and another, which enables customers to use 30 gigabytes a month. And the way we think about those are that they are complements to our unlimited offering, and again are consistent with this theme that I have talked about several times of giving customers choice. The uptake, candidly, has not been significant. We probably got somewhere in the tens of thousands of customers that subscribe to those two tiers combined. That said, we think the choice is nice for customers to have and we're not intending to discontinue them.
Rob Marcus: Boy, a lot of stuff there, Phil. In terms of ARPU, let me just talk about some general dynamics, and I don't think they are new dynamics, but we should talk through them anyway. When we are ramping gross connects as we have been, those customers by and large come in at promotional rates which are lower than the rates that our existing base is paying, and as a result, it was a dilutive effect on ARPU, although we like the fact that we're increasing aggregate connect revenue. Disconnects also have an impact on ARPU, and interestingly, what we've experienced recently is that our disconnect -- the revenue per customer that disconnects is also lower than the base. So disconnects actually oddly have the impact of increasing ARPU, but if you have fewer of them on a trend basis, it actually -- the better you do at retaining customers as opposed to letting them disconnect, the worse the effect on ARPU. And then obviously, there's what happens to the existing base and that's adding to ARPU. So those are the dynamics that are going on, and obviously as you do better in terms of taking customers off of promotions on to higher rates as you increase rates more generally, the impact on the existing base and then on the total ARPU improves, and that's what we're setting out to do. But I don't think there is going to be change in the dynamic that as we ramp across connects or as we continue add a whole lot of new customers that will by definition have a dilutive impact on ARPU. In terms of the customer reaction to rate and fee increases, I guess without getting into specifics what I would say is that the increases the customers are seeing on their bills this year are pretty comparable to what we did last year. We adopted the same general strategy of a unified rate and fee increase, which means that customers would not see more than one increase in a given year. And what we also stuck with was the strategy of applying the increases as broadly as we could, and therefore minimizing the impact on any individual customer. That worked quite well last year. And I think we were able to, as you can see from the churn numbers, managed through the rate increase quite well. It's early days in this year's cycle, but our expectation is that we'll be effective in managing churn this time around as well.
Rob Marcus: So Tuna, let me start with what you said I said, which I don't think is accurate. I think last quarter what I said was that closing in 2015 looked ambitious without any specificity around when in 2016 we might close. The current short clock, if there are no further delays, will expire towards the end of March. As we know, California has published a timeline that takes us into June although we remain hopeful that we can accelerate that. At this point, it's impossible for me to predict whether or not the FCC would stop the clock. Again, I have no indication that they would. But again, this is an informal short clock and they have a lot of latitude in how they proceed. So I wouldn't describe there will be more uncertainty at all. We are further along than we were when we were last on the phone with you, especially given the approval in New York and continued progress elsewhere, but that's about all about I can say. But I certainly wouldn't characterize it as more uncertainty.
Rob Marcus: Let me try to do it at a very high level and maybe Matt you can supplement it. As we said, we're not going to give specific CapEx guidance. But what I will say is that the things that drove capital spending in 2015 continue to be higher priorities for us, and what I mean in particular are we're going to continue to spend to drive growth, and what I mean by that is continue to spend on line extensions, both residential and commercial. In other words, adding buildings to our network. We'll continue to spend on cell tower back haul in that area. We are going to continue to spend to accommodate the growth that we're driving in units, which means spending CPE and on adding network capacity because not only we're adding units but customers are using our services more. So that means we need to spend on capacity. And then the last big bucket is that we're spending on improving the customer service -- customer experience and that's really where the Maxx work comes in. And as we said, we have an ambitious schedule for Maxx deployments in 2016. So at a high level, that's sort of how we're thinking about the buckets of capital. And I should add in addition to Maxx as part of the customer experience effort, and this is something that was very true in 2015, we'll continue to replace customers' set-top boxes that are older less functional. And we think that really does have significant payback in terms of improving the customer experience. Matt, I don't know if there is really anything to add.
Rob Marcus: And then only thing I would add to it, Jonathan, is it's not just going happen. There is an awful lot of work on our side that needs to continue to occur in order for us to remain competitive in the broadband space. It's already a competitive market, but it's a dynamic market where new competitors are entering all the time and augmenting their capabilities. So we have to continue to improve our product, improve our customer service, make sure that it's incredibly reliable in order to continue grow at the kind of space that we've been able to achieve.
Dinesh Jain: Craig, yes, I think -- obviously I am not going to give guidance as you suggested even in the way you asked the question. But what I can say is that what happens after you get the subscriber growth approximately a year later as we are seeing, we start to see the revenue growth. And I think that what seems to lag in the EBITDA growth is often the scaling effect that you have in the business. There are certain decisions that we've made to bolster our customer service in the call centers and with the tech. But as you get to a point where we're reaching a normalized operating run rate, the year-over-year investments in them -- in that area don't continue to go up. In fact over time, as we've discussed in this call, those will actually start to come down, because as error rates reduce. So I think we're right on plan from where we would like to be. We're doing around the same level of Maxx each year, so that we're not having to scale up for Maxx as you know every year. And if things continue like they continued last year, I think we would see that just according to our overall plan.
Dinesh Jain: We're finding that the retention rate -- we're retaining more than we were retaining, Tom, before we started this offer. So our overall retention both of the customer itself and of ARPU is higher than what we were previously experiencing.
Dinesh Jain: Jonathan, I don't think that what we experienced in 2015 is the product of onetime benefit. I think it's a product as we've said during the course of this call it's the product of better operational focus. Focus on things like driving down disconnect, on priming our connect machines through the various channels that we've talked about. And I think it's through the work that we are doing in things like Maxx where we are delivering a better customer value proposition in the HSD space overall. So, I think it's the aggregation of those things. And as Rob said in an earlier question, we think that there is a lot of growth in front us in the HSD space. So, we expect -- the growth that we've seen in 2015, we believe is sustainable.
