Thomas M. Rutledge: Vijay, I'll answer the second part of the question first. We believe we're in compliance with the plain reading and the buildout requirements that the state imposed on us in merger conditions and we have a very strong legal case and ability to defend ourselves. And it could play out over a lengthy period of time if required. Just to put it in perspective, we're operating in 41 states, we have thousands of franchise agreements and generally, we have good relationships with the communities we serve and we live up to our commitments, and we have in New York State. In fact, we're well ahead of our obligations in terms of speed upgrades and in buildout itself. We do have labor issues in New York City which we believe have politicized the actions of the PSC, and so we're concerned about that. We've successfully negotiated other agreements with the same union, IBEW, in other parts of the country during this period. So we're hopeful that we can work all this out, but if necessary, we'll litigate and we believe we're in the right.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Yes. There's a lot to be said for the way Comcast prices and packages their product, we actually admire some of the things they did and think they're both good business and disruptive at the same time. But we make our own prices and our own analysis of the marketplace and this is where we came out on pricing for the long haul in terms of launching our business and being aggressive with our business. I think if you really think about how you make the business grow, it's not just the standalone pricing of the business, but how you integrate it into your overall sales process, packaging process. And so whether we're aggressive or not is in the eye of the beholder, and obviously in terms of what kind of actual market share we take. I saw a statistic the other day, it was kind of interesting to me, which was that Charter's actually the largest wireline phone company in North America. And we've never sold phone as a standalone product. So you can do very well with a product but our intention is to use mobility as a feature of our overall customer relationship creation process.
Thomas M. Rutledge: So Ben, with regard to the speed increases, yes, there's a couple ways of looking at what we're doing with speed. We're taking and making our data product better and more competitive everywhere we operate, so that we can increase the rate of our growth and take share faster. And we think that it's successful and that it's working where it's been rolled out. And as I said, we rolled out 20 million homes passed in the quarter and we're about 60% through our 50 million homes passed in general. So we're really just getting started from a speed marketing activation and implementation perspective. But it appears to be working where we thought it would and we expect to get higher growth rates in the future as a result of having a better product. It's that simple. With regard to 5G, I look at what Verizon has announced as a kind of a conventional overbuild. Small cells require, essentially, a fiber optic cable system to supply them. So there's a lot of capital intensity with that kind of build. Their projection was to build 30 million passings in the United States over 10 years, which, if you believe that's going to happen, then 40% of those approximately would be in our footprint, if they deploy them with any kind of random distribution. And so you could do the math of what kind of penetrations you might achieve with a met-too product delivered wirelessly over a 10-year period in 12 million passings. So I think it's a difficult process to use 5G as essentially as a wireless drop and it requires having all of the physical assets underneath that. So it's very capital-intensive and maybe as much or more capital-intensive than the conventional fiber build, like Google attempted.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Okay, I'll take advertising. This is a political year, and we have a lot of battleground states, although it appears that those continue to increase in quantity, so there's that effect in our advertising revenue. We're also growing our underlying advertising at the expense of other broadcast products essentially at the local level, but it's a difficult business. We've been investing and targeting and changing the nature of advertising itself, and we're selling a lot more data-infused products as well as digitals products themselves for advertising. And so the revenue's going up and we're proud of it, but it's also – it's got a lot of winds behind its back in terms of having a political year. But the underlying core advertising business, too, you can almost look at the advertising business on biannual cycles, based on the political effect in advertising. But we're making headway at the core of our advertising product and our advertising business. In SMB, you're right, the revenue growth is relatively small to the unit growth. And that's a conscious strategy based on our pricing and packaging. We think we're at about the nadir of growth in terms of revenue growth, meaning the decisions we made to reprice the small business marketplace and to drive a market share strategy means that we're growing very rapidly and creating increases in market share, which we expect to continue. And we had an existing base of subscribers who were mispriced in many cases, and that mispricing is coming out of the business. And we expect that going forward, that revenues will start to converge on the unit growth rate. And so we expect to have a significant and fast growing unit and revenue business going forward. And there's some of that in our enterprise business as well. And lastly on content, our views on content haven't changed. A lot of content companies have come to us and asked us to buy them. And we so far not found a situation that made sense to us. We like our core business. We like our connectivity business. It doesn't mean that there isn't a possible content business that would be priced right for us, but there's no direct synergy, in most cases, for us in owning content. Now we do have a different point of view on local news, and we've been investing in local news. We think it's an area where our assets and the product actually makes sense from a scale perspective. So we're about to launch a 24 hour local news channel in Los Angeles. And we've been doing similar repurposing of existing local sports and local news channels throughout the country and turning them into high quality local news channels. So our view on content is unchanged, regardless of the way the current marketplace is developing.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Yeah, I don't know what peer you're referring to on programming costs, but I would say this that because we are actually growing expanded video, and the video losses that we have incurred are basic-only, meaning broadcast-only video losses, we are actually growing our programming costs based on unit volumes. So if you're a programmer receiving payments from Charter, your programming costs are increasing due to volume. We're actually creating rich packages of video for our programmers. And so there's the unit cost and then there's the actual volume cost. And even though it looks like units are going down, from a programming perspective, they're going up.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Okay. Well, I don't know what's in the – I didn't read the proxy, unlike you, of T-Mobile, but we didn't make an attempt to buy any wireless assets. That isn't to say that we didn't have significant discussions with Sprint about an MVNO relationship. We had virtually no discussions with T-Mobile as I recall. With regard to – just on that question of wireless convergence and assets, I think that our ability to create mobile customers and our ability to create wireless products on our network is sufficient right now, and that we have advantages in our network infrastructure that will allow us to build an inside-out strategy in wireless that we think doesn't require any kind of immediate mobile relationship other than an MVNO. It doesn't mean that sometime in the future mobile assets might be priced right and that natural convergence would occur, but there's nothing in our near-term horizon that dictates that we go that path. With regard to John Malone, John is going to stay on as a director emeritus. He's been in the business 50 years. I love having him on the board. I'm happy that he's staying as director emeritus. He remains the control shareholder of Liberty Broadband, which owns about 20% of Charter, and he still has a right to appoint three board members and has. And we welcome Jim Meyer of Sirius to our board, and we think he brings real value to us. We think that John will continue to be engaged with the company, that he likes the business. I like having him engage with the company. He brings tremendous insight to us, but he wants to reduce his workload and he's overboarding, so to speak, and he's just reached a point in his life where he feels like he has to. But we do board meetings in Denver and we may do them in Florida. So we think he'll be involved with us for years to come.
Thomas M. Rutledge: And your love. So look, we're going to be aggressive and we're going to use video aggressively. But what we're saying is that it isn't really a standalone product in its current situation. People have been asking this question about video for a long time now and well more than five years, probably closer to 10 – maybe the whole experience of video broadcasting was dead when I got into the business 40 years ago and it's still around. So what you can – even though you can see the future, it's very hard to say when. I would say that there's a lot of forces still holding the traditional MVPD relationships together, including what you just saw with Disney acquiring the Fox assets. And there's still a large group of very large content companies that control significant linear and sports content. And that's all contractually bound together in packages. So while there is some degradation in the whole relationship and it has become overpriced in many cases, and it's actually pushing people out of the marketplace, that said, video consumption is still high. And part of that is because video is free, in many cases, because of the security that's on a lot of the virtual MVPDs and the TV Everywhere products and the password sharing on other over-the-top products. All of that is putting pressure on traditional video, but at the same time, it's the perfect way of selling content. And so it isn't just going to go away overnight. How fast? I don't know. But I think we can manage our way through it and use video to drive relationships for the foreseeable future. And yes, we have streaming packages. And yes, every incremental box we're putting out has a Netflix app on it. And so we're going to supply our customers with all the video they can get and use video however it develops and whoever owns it in a way that enhances the customer relationship and uses the video as an attribute of the overall product that we sell. So I guess the simple answer is I don't know what happens exactly, but that's how we're playing it.
Christopher L. Winfrey: On the first question, Vijay, I think your question was cost to service customers, could it go flat again or even negative. We don't provide overall guidance much less line by line, but what I can tell you is the cost to service customers was essentially flat year-over-year, absent the increase in bad debt expense. And you have to take that in the context of still fairly significant customer relationship growth, which means that whether or not you exclude that temporary increase in bad debt expense, we're getting significantly more efficient at the same time that we're still making investments in insourcing. So I think that bodes well for the long-term of our ability to continue to get more and more productive on that line item. And the bigger impact on that isn't just a cost impact, what it really means is that our customers are contacting us less, which means that they're having less service issues, service disruption, less billing related calls, less retention related calls, which means that churn is going down and your customer lives (28:52) are going up, as satisfaction is higher. And that really has an impact, a significant impact on the top line, which is the biggest driver for EBITDA and margin and cash flow growth over time. So you're right to focus on it and I think that it can continue to deliver an outsized benefit relative to the customer relationship growth over time.
Christopher L. Winfrey: Ben, on all-digital, we define the all-digital capital expenditures, any and all incremental capital expenditure related to rolling out all-digital, the vast, vast majority of that sits in CPE and installation, but it would also apply to certain network spend that takes place right as we begin to take a particular market all-digital, but the vast majority of it's in the CPE category which includes installation. Your question was also does it go away in 2019. It does. I think already, in the, particularly, the fourth quarter this year, you'll see it come down quite a bit because we'll have all the inventory replaced for the all-digital activity that we're going to do. The bigger point is not only will it go away in 2019, but our level of video CPE becomes permanently lower. And that happens because you've fully capitalized the existing base with set-top boxes and it happens because on the increment, we're deploying more of our video subscriber outlets in an IP format where it doesn't require a set-top box, which means that you can utilize returned set-top boxes for new customers without having additional CPE buy. So I think our level of video CPE placement has peaked and is going to drop dramatically. It's fully capitalized with new boxes that are both IP and QAM-capable, and I think that just continues to improve over time. We'll also have in 2019 a lot less integration capital, DOCSIS 3.1 is a big spend last year and this year, that goes away. So I think the amount of CapEx reduction that we have going into last year is not going to be inconsequential both in dollar and percentage terms.
Christopher L. Winfrey: So, Bryan, on the share repurchases, the amount of share repurchases we've been doing over the past couple quarters, just simple math, it's to your point, we've been staying at the high end of the 4 to 4.5 times. We are trying to make sure that we have enough headroom each quarter to stay within an LTM 4.5 times including the temporary impact of the mobile launch costs. And, as I mentioned before, there's a little push and pull there as it relates to growth on mobile because of the temporary impacts you have, that could be higher. But the business at its core has a capability to delever a half turn, plus or minus, within a year. So to the extent strategic opportunities come about and you want to modify it because you think that's better, you have a way to get to what is a half a turn on Charter's a pretty substantial amount of capital, if you really saw something that had a better ROI relative to buying back your own stock. And that's the lens that we would look at it. We have not had and we do not have a willingness to temporarily or permanently go above our leverage target. And the primary reason for that is that we do have $71 billion of capital. We have commitments as it relates to our investment-grade structure and we intend to honor those. And we think the long-term NPV of doing so is better not only for debt holders but for equity holders. And I'm not so sure that many of our equity holders would like to see us go above that in any event as it relates to just doing buybacks. So that's our stance. It hasn't changed and we are trying to be aggressive, given the recent stock price within those constraints, to buy back stock.
Christopher L. Winfrey: The only piece I'd add to that is the non-programming OpEx and the CapEx for video is actually declining, and that particular piece is going to improve the economics over time. Whether it fully offsets the programming is unclear, but it's not inconsequential. On mobile, so you're right, we're not going to provide guidance. We're not going to provide breakeven, and we hope that people will trust that when we say that it has a significant positive NPV on a standalone basis, without including the benefits to cable. And that's based on a significant amount of modeling and understanding of how those businesses works. Comcast does not have separate economics. I actually haven't heard it, but I understand that they've spoken about what it would take for them to get to breakeven. I haven't looked at it, but given that our financial model isn't any different, because we operate under the same MVNO, my guess is it's not so dissimilar. And that's a relatively low level of penetration of the overall subscriber base that we have. If you think about every customer service interaction that we have, whether it's a sales call or a retention call, and including into that existing call volume and flow, a mobile sale opportunity, it doesn't take you very much yield before you have the substantial wireless business that's applied to your existing base and use it as a way to drive additional cable growth. So I think on the increment, every single mobile customer that we acquire is NPV positive once you're in the business. And that's on a standalone basis without including the benefits of churn reduction or new subscriber acquisition on the cable side.
Christopher L. Winfrey: Yeah. Amy, if you go back and I know it was quick, but in the prepared remarks that we have – our GAAP accounting is applying a higher amount of revenue allocation out of voice into video, that doesn't mean that's what we've billed. So the video growth rate that we've reported in Q2 is inflated relative to what's on the customer bill. It's still positive. So it's about half the growth that's attached to just that revenue allocation out of voice, and the same amount is not happening into Internet from voice, which means product ARPU, product revenue is just getting less and less relevant by the quarter in terms of how it's helpful to investors and which is why we focus people on the residential revenue per customer relationship. The piece that remains on video growth, even though we've lost video customers on a year-over-year basis, it's all come out of the limited basic or actual (56:16) expanded, which is the traditional expanded and the Stream and Choice, has actually grown year-over-year, which has higher revenue attached to it. We've also gone all-digital, which means there's higher box placement, Spectrum pricing and packaging also with higher box placement. And retrans, we've just mirrored that cost flowing through the retrans revenue line as well. So those are the big drivers on the non-revenue allocation piece for video. But I would really caution on looking too much at the product revenue line and really focus on the number of customer relationships we have, the type of bundling that we're getting and the type of revenue per customer relationship growth that's being achieved within that context.
