Robert D. Marcus: Yes, Ben, I -- it's very hard to know specifics on exactly how many buildings the FiOS product is available in. They've been at it for quite a while, and we think they're fairly well along, although Manhattan has clearly lagged the rest of the New York City footprint that they've entered. From a marketing and sales perspective, I think the story is very similar to what it's been over the past couple of years since they've been in the market. And that is ensuring that we've got the very best product offering in New York City and continuing to make the customer experience as good as it can possibly be. In addition, we're doing a bunch of things on the logistics side in terms of improving our acquisition and retention cues through better scripting and sales training. And I think we're doing a very good job overall on the marketing side, not only in New York City, but across the footprint. We're spending our dollars more wisely than we have in the past, and I think the dollars we're spending are having a better impact. In fact, over the last -- each of the last 3 quarters, our marketing spend per connect is down year-over-year. So I would argue we're getting more efficient on the marketing front, and that applies to New York as well.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, it is early days. But so far, we're tracking roughly 3% of customers buying their own modem as opposed to renting ours. I would say, overall, the reaction has been entirely predictable. As with any rate increase, there are certain customers who do call in and resist taking the increase. But by and large, this is a more broad-based price increase than we generally do in that it hits somewhere in the order of 80% to 90% of our customers. And I think it's been very manageable, and we're pleased with the reaction so far.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, Rich, I think that your assessment is generally consistent with what we're doing. The goal here is to increase the value proposition of our broadband product across a range of customer segments. So for customers at the high end, I think we're doing a very good job offering faster speeds, premium services, mobility, where we're placing our WiFi Hotspots, and the continued availability of an unlimited offering, I think, is very important for those users. Where I think we can do a better job is providing additional products at the lower end, for economy customers who are -- who might be priced out of enjoying the fastest speeds, unlimited usage and WiFi Hotspots. So we're very focused on ensuring that at every spot along the demand curve, we've got a product that's appropriate for our customers and ensure that no customers are seeking the cheap price offered by DSL because we don't have something for them.
Robert D. Marcus: We added 7,000 Signature Home customers in the quarter. That's pretty much of a 10% -- roughly a 10% increase in the base. I think we're at 67,000 total now.
Robert D. Marcus: It is early days, Jessica, but we are now, in all of our footprint x the FiOS market, jointly selling both our products and Verizon Wireless's products and vice versa. We're in, I think, somewhere in the order of 250 Verizon Wireless stores and then somewhere in the order of 650-or-so Verizon third-party agent stores. So we're certainly out there, and the results so far have been good. I -- we're still in the thousands of -- single-digit thousands of PSUs sold in Verizon Wireless's stores, but we feel very positive about the relationship. There's one development, up until now, we've really been operating on a manual system. And the good news is that come the end of the month, we'll be fully automated. In other words, a Verizon Wireless rep in a Verizon Wireless store will be able to enter an order and have it feed directly into our billing system. And I think that development will certainly facilitate more sales. So more to come, but we feel very good about the relationship.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, so, Doug, I always hesitate to get too granular in terms of specific PSU performance in specific markets. I think it's fair to say that the Insight story is pretty consistent with what we're seeing in the broader Midwest region, which is not terribly different from what we're seeing across the company. In Q3, I would tell you that, without getting into numbers, the Pac West, which is our L.A. market, as well as the Carolinas and the Northeast, did relatively better with the other 3 markets, meaning New York City, Texas and the Midwest doing somewhat less well. But that's about as specific as I think we ought to get.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, Vijay, I think we have in-house what we need in order to move meaningfully up market from where we are. The vast majority of our business services revenue still comes from smaller customers. So we haven't really meaningfully delved into the upmarket opportunity quite yet. The only thing I would point out is that as you move into national enterprises and even global enterprises to the extent that our footprint is currently limited to set markets within the U.S., there are limitations on our ability to serve those customers with our own network. So what that requires is that we, in a sense, partner with other network owners and offer services on what's known as a type 2 basis. That does change the profitability of providing those services, but it's something we can do, we just don't do it 100% by ourselves. So simple point here is that I think we have the capability to go upmarket without any -- doing anything inorganic.
Robert D. Marcus: So we're now in Texas, the Carolinas and the Midwest with usage-based pricing. We've got on the docket New York City in the Northeast for the next month or so. And I think by year-end, we'll be 100% across the footprint with UVP available or Internet Essentials, as we call it. I think that although the customer uptake of Internet Essentials is still small, it's a very important principle that we've established, one that usage and price relate to one another. And secondly, we think it's very important that we give customers who use less a choice to pay less. And whether or not there's significant uptake of the service, we think those are very important principles to have established. So we're in no way reducing the emphasis on that product because the numbers are still relatively small.
Robert D. Marcus: So, Bryan, transactional VOD was down about $15 million or $16 million year-over-year, and that was pretty evenly split across the 3 big transactional VOD categories, meaning movies on demand, events and adult. We attribute some of that to the fact that Q3 had the Olympics, which distracted people from VOD. So and the other key piece in the event category was, on a year-over-year basis, the comparable was a little bit tough. We had a big fight last year. We didn't have a big boxing, that is, fight this year. So I think that's what's accounting for the transactional VOD reduction. On NFL, obviously, we wouldn't have made the investment in the NFL Network if we didn't think it would have a positive impact on both video subscribers, generally, and on the sports tier. It's very easy to ascertain whether or not the sports tier is improving, little bit more difficult to determine whether or not the NFL Network itself is having the desired impact on video. I will say that September was better than August, which was better than July, but that has as much to do with seasonality as anything else.
Robert D. Marcus: Tom, I think the answer there is very similar to the answer I gave on the NFL Network. Very hard to ascertain what any individual enhancement's impact is on overall sub performance. But we try to stack these benefits up with the hope that we're increasing the value proposition, we think we are. The usage on our TWC TV apps has been very encouraging. I think we had something like 650,000-plus unique users in the month of September. They used it 3 million times. And the really interesting thing is the length of the sessions are actually increasing. We've seen people use it for 0.5 hour on average per session. So I think that the usage is probably the best proxy we have for the fact that people are valuing these enhancements. And if they're valuing them, we have to believe that they're having some impact on retention at least. And with word-of-mouth and marketing, they should have an important on marketing -- on acquisition as well.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, Frank, it's part of our BAU. It's certainly the case that most of our monthly recurring revenue comes from smaller customers. But we're out marketing to enterprise customers, and with NaviSite as a team that historically has marketed to enterprise, we're using that as a launchpad for selling connectivity to those larger customers as well. And to the extent that some of their needs are out of footprint, we're certainly providing them on a type 2 basis, which is, as you well now, sort of normal for the industry. Even the providers with the largest networks are not in every building and rent type 2 circuits to service some customers. So we're already doing it. Obviously, it's an area we want to continue to grow.
Robert D. Marcus: Just to add to that, I think we have 2.5 million voice customers left to migrate, give or take. And about 2.2 million of those will convert in the second half of 2013, just to give you a sense.
Robert D. Marcus: I'll start and I'm sure others will chime in. Our objective in acquiring the rights to the Lakers directly really, first and foremost, was managing our overall programming costs. And from our perspective, to the extent that the revenues that we generate from ad sales and third-party affiliate fees, less the costs of licensing the product that's on that network, as well as the costs of running the network, to the extent that the net of that divided by the number of subs that we have in the Lakers footprint is less than what we think we would've paid the third party for the service that carried the Lakers, we think that's a net positive to us. Right now, we've signed up affiliation deals with 3 providers: AT&T, Charter and Verizon, and there are more that are in the hopper. But so long as Time Warner Cable is the only one in a particular footprint that has the product, it stands to reason that we might attract some additional subscribers as a result of having the service. Our objective, of course, is to get full distribution. In terms of other intangibles, certainly having the Time Warner Cable brand on Time Warner Cable SportsNet and on Time Warner Cable Deportes, we think that that's a net positive for Time Warner Cable in the Lakers markets.
Robert D. Marcus: Stefan, we've said this before, but we tend not to manage the company for individual product line ARPUs. So what we really focus on is enhancing overall ARPU and, in fact, profitability per customer relationship. We're trying to drive penetration of all products into all homes, and then we're trying to maximize mix and price within those categories. So we've actually continued to improve video ARPU, but I would -- in spite of the fact that video bears a disproportionate brunt of our overall bundled and promotional discounting. It's just not the way we're driving the business though. And we really think about maximizing ARPU for the overall customer relationships. And we're going to continue to work to do that.
Irene M. Esteves: On the share repurchases and dividend question, we've been paying a healthy dividend since we first introduced it, and we've made 2 increases to that dividend. We think that our investors appreciate the dividend and will continue to even if tax rates change on that rate. And then there are other shareholders that prefer share repurchases. So we're trying to -- we're managing our balance sheet in order to provide both a strong dividend and continuing dividend, as well as leave the flexibility to the extent we're below our leverage ratio for share repurchases. So we'll watch and see what's happening with the tax front, but as it stands today, we haven't changed our philosophy.
Irene M. Esteves: Jessica, it's Irene. Our pace was up this quarter, about 14% versus prior quarter and 42% from the quarter before that. It also represented 160% of the quarter's free cash flow. So we do feel our repurchase pace is increasing and is strong. And really, as you know, it's an outcome of our balance sheet philosophy and where our target leverage ratio is closer to our -- when we're closer to our target ratio, obviously, we're going to have a slower rate. And when it's -- we're further, we'll have an increasing rate. And we may not be there exactly at 3.25 every quarter. We tend to take a measured approach on this, as well as most things, but we'll get there over time.
Irene M. Esteves: And, Doug, on the comments around next year and our expenses, this really could be helpful as far as pointing out some things that are happening today that will have an impact for next year. So that as you and others are thinking about your models for next year, we're not overestimating some positive impacts and not taking into account these other headwinds. So we're just trying to give you a larger picture of how you might want to be thinking about 2013.
Irene M. Esteves: Well, I can't say how they net out. But certainly, we'll be giving our guidance, as we normally do, in January for the full year.
Irene M. Esteves: And as far as the modem fee, we're looking at that as part of our overall pricing strategy on HSD. It's not -- we shouldn't think of it as separate and apart from what our customers are paying us for the overall service. We think it's -- makes sense given what the competitive set is charging.
Irene M. Esteves: Jason, it's Irene. The $500 million underfunding really comes from the fact that the interest rates are so low. It's historically very low, and we thought, how could they go any lower when they're 100 basis points lower this year? So we're comfortable that, given a more normalized interest rate over the next few years, we'll get back to a fully funded status. We can't give you specifics because there's so many things that go into the actuarial assumptions in our pension, but we're fully comfortable -- we're very comfortable with where we are based on what our expectations are for longer-term interest rates.
Irene M. Esteves: Sure. On the programming costs, what really matters is when we sign new contracts and when we renew those contracts. It's a bit lumpy, and you've seen that in various quarters through this year, the percent change versus the prior year. And there's also a little bit of special adjustments in this quarter's number. And the pay-per-view being down, of course, will bring down the programming costs related to that. But as you think about Q4, you'll see the NFL contract kick in there, and then we've signed some other contracts, which will also have an increase in Q4. But we've reiterated guidance around that 6% to 7% range of increase and we're probably at the low end of the range for the full year. And sorry, on the voice side, we are at about $9 per sub right now, down from $12. And we don't expect that to change measurably given a lot of the contracts were up with Sprint in 2010 and 2011. So we benefited with savings in -- within 2012. But we really didn't have that many contracts coming up that we could convert within 2012, and we won't have a significant number of new contracts converting until the second half of 2013. So really, about -- only about 25% will be done by the end of the second quarter. The rest of it is in the second half of the year.
Irene M. Esteves: And also, I'll just add to that, having the Pac-12, as well as these RSNs, and that we just got the NFL Network, having that bundle of sports availability to our clients, particularly in that market, has been very powerful.
