Robert D. Marcus: Craig, it's Rob, I'll take it. You know that we're not really going to respond to questions about any M&A except to say that one, as we made it abundantly clear this morning, we feel great about the operating health of our business right now, and two, we're going to be guided by the same principles that have guided us heretofore, which is doing what's in the best interest of our shareholders. Period.
Robert D. Marcus: The only thing I'd throw in, in addition to what Dinni just said is that our performance is improving against all competitors. And in fact when you look at how we're performing in markets where we compete with FiOS and U-verse, connects are up and disconnects are down. And that really reflects the strength we're seeing against all players.
Robert D. Marcus: I would just say Jessica, as an overall comment, relative to the three-year plan we articulated prior to the announcement of the Comcast deal, we feel very good about how we're tracking. Any plan, you have puts and takes, some things you're ahead on, some things you're a little bit behind on. With respect to subscriber metrics, we're tracking extremely well. We're ahead of where we thought we'd be. With respect to underlying operating metrics, how we're doing in terms of improving the customer experience, we're ahead. Admittedly, that's requiring some additional investment. And as a result, we're tracking a little bit behind on OIBDA. But overall, I feel like we're tracking very well against the plan.
Robert D. Marcus: Yeah, I think Artie hit it on the head. Some of this is just math. The better you do in terms of volume, almost definitionally, given that we live in a world where new customers come in on promotional pricing, that means that ARPU comes down. And that's why I always counsel against putting too much stock in ARPU on its own. Really what you want to focus on is where overall revenue is going, and that's why we're so pleased with the organic revenue growth in residential, which is the best it's been in over three years. So look, I think we feel very good about the quality of the subs, customers are coming in at higher tiers of service. In video, we added 30,000 video customers. In fact, we added close to 150,000 to our preferred tier of service. Similarly, HSD customers are coming in at higher tiers of service, higher speed tiers. And interestingly enough, we're less reliant for growth than we have been in the past on our Lite tiers of HSD service. So, I think all this bodes well for ARPU improvements down the road and I'm not troubled at all by what seems like lower ARPU growth than we've had in the past.
Robert D. Marcus: Okay. So look, right now, we have on – I believe 8 million set-top boxes, so a real mass deployment, what I think of as a very robust cloud-based guide. And I think that concept of having a guide in front of that many customers, that great of proportion of our total subscriber base, might be ahead of the rest of the pack in the industry. It's – the current version of that guide has a great rich graphical user interface, and we've seen the impact of that already in that usage of VOD amongst customers who have that guide, is a lot higher than on the prior boxes. So I feel very good about where we are in terms of the guide. We do have a next-generation cloud-based guide, which is following this one, which is in some paying customers' homes right now and will be more broadly deployed in the back half of this year. But that only makes what we've got today even better. I feel very good about the current guide offering.
Robert D. Marcus: Yeah, Rich, your connection is lousy, so I only heard part of it, but I think I got the gist. We're not going to comment except to say that everything we said today supports the notion that we feel great about the spot we're in. We think that our strength yields terrific confidence for the future. And we're pleased with the overall health of the business, period, end of story.
Robert D. Marcus: Yeah, Jason, I've been asked that question numerous times in the past. And I think it departs from the reality of the marketplace. At the end of the day, we've got to figure out how to have competitive products that are really compelling to customers. So it's not so simple as taking money from one bucket and sticking it in another bucket. We're very focused on delivering compelling products to customers at a price that delivers real value. And beyond that, we think the rest is going to work itself out. But we can't think in terms of taking gross margin dollars that are lost because we lose a video customer and somehow embedding those into HSD and not seeing an impact on HSD. So I think we're going to not really think about the world quite that way.
Robert D. Marcus: On DIRECTV-AT&T, obviously, that deal has not yet closed. And at this point, no, we don't anticipate any change really in the promotional pricing. Arguably a deal like that where two companies that actually do compete with one another in the marketplace, if it were to close, would reduce the number of competitors in the marketplace. And as a general matter, that's good for the other participants in the marketplace, so I'm not terribly worried about it.
Robert D. Marcus: I'm not sure I have much to add to what I said last quarter. We continue to be big fans of Wi-Fi. Our high-speed data customers now I think have access to something like 400,000 Wi-Fi hotspots across the country, when you include both the Wi-Fi hotspots that we've deployed and the Wi-Fi hotspots of our various cable partners. I think that's a great value-add. We saw increased usage amongst our high-speed data customers of Wi-Fi this quarter. So we'll continue to invest to broaden that network because we think it makes our high-speed data product that much more attractive. Whether or not there's a play which is more of a cellular replacement strategy, which may include voice, I think that remains to be seen. I said that I thought the Freewheel offering from Cablevision was intriguing, but I'm inclined to watch and see how that evolves and then we'll see how best to develop our own strategy on that front.
Robert D. Marcus: Marci, as far as the team goes, one of the things that I am proudest of and has impressed me the most over the course of the last year and change is just how fabulously the team has hung together and performed in the face of what were at times challenging circumstances. Bottom line is, if this team could hang together through what we just went through, we're about as well positioned for the future as one could imagine. So I feel very good about where we sit in terms of the team.
Robert D. Marcus: Mike, in terms of the concept of a set-top boxless video product. First, before I get to it, let me just say that there tends to be, in my opinion, an obsessive interest in millennials, maybe at the expense of the broader customer base. And I would tell you that for most of our customers, the vast majority of our customers, the way we currently deliver the video product is pretty darn attractive. That said, sure, there's a group of customers who might very well like to access video via other means. And that's one thing we've been incredibly aggressive on over the last several years is making the video product available on multiple platforms, whether it's iOS platforms, iPads and iPhones, Android-based platforms. Most recently, we launched the Xbox. So it is definitely the case that over time, I can see a world where more and more customers consume our offering without needing to lease a set-top box from us. But that doesn't mean we're going to abandon the largest portion of our customers who actually do like the current model.
Robert D. Marcus: Without a doubt, for a certain portion of our customer population, that could be incredibly attractive to them and maybe financially very interesting for us.
Robert D. Marcus: At this point in time, no changes to our overall philosophy, but obviously we're going to be watching closely how things unfold on the Title II front. We've said in the past that our normal business practices comply entirely with the notion of the open Internet, no blocking, no discrimination, no throttling, and transparency are fundamental parts of the way we do business. So to the extent that that's the full scope of what's getting incremented under Title II, I think you won't see a change in the way we do business. To the extent that something more comes from this, as we would describe an excessively broad grant of authority, then we'll have to revisit the way we're approaching investment and pricing.
Arthur T. Minson: 2016, and my answers really were applying to 2015. I think 2016, you also have ad sales is also – we will be presumably off a lower base going into next year as well, so that also has an impact.
Arthur T. Minson: Hey, Ben, it's Artie. Let me – with respect to the Dodgers, I'm not going to get into sort of any of the specifics – underlying assumptions in the plan. We continue to think that Dodgers product is a great product and I will leave it at that. In the 3.25, as I indicated in my proactive remarks, we will be engaging with the board on a review of our overall capital allocation philosophy. So I frankly don't want to get ahead of those conversations either. One, before I turn it over to Rob and Dinni on the ARPU per CR, one thing I would just point out is, we are, which is a good thing, increasing the denominator on customer relationships. We're adding new customers and they tend to come in at a lower ARPU than the rest of the base. The good news is, they're coming in, the new customers, at a higher rate than they had in the past, but still they come in less at the overall base, but we'll make that trade-off all day long.
Arthur T. Minson: Obviously, we didn't give 2016 capital guidance today and I'm not – in the proactive remarks, and I'm not going to give any additional color today. What I will tell you is, we continue to be really pleased with the returns we're seeing on our CapEx spend. It has, I think the proof is obviously in our operating performance, our customer metrics, where we sat last year, there were things we really wanted to accomplish when we made the investments, which was, improve our product reliability, improve our network reliability, make sure our customers had the best equipment in their homes for new customers, go into existing customers' homes and take out equipment that we thought was not optimizing the experience. And I think the proof is in the subscriber results today. So to the extent we continue to see those results which we expect to, I think that obviously requires capital, but there's a great return on that capital. Obviously also, we continue to invest in Business Services. The business is at a $3.1 billion run rate. We added 12,000 buildings to the network this quarter, and that's another place you're going to continue to see investments. But all that has very, very good returns on it.
Arthur T. Minson: Sure. Hey, Rich, it's Artie. What you may recall is, if you go back over a year ago, we were doing, what I would call, product rate increases. So you may, at one point in the year, get a video rate increase, and you may, at another point in the year, get an HSD increase. You may recall in the comparison year you have that we increased our HSD modem fee, and that drove HSD ARPU in that year. This year when we went out, we went to what we call the unified rate increase, which was one increase to a customer per year regardless of the number of products, and that had more of a allocation across the different product lines of that increase. So as we've said in the past, we tend to not sort of focus too much on the individual product ARPUs, but that difference in approach to how we do rate increases is impacting the year-over-year product ARPU comparisons.
Arthur T. Minson: And Amy, our cash taxes, at this point, our outlook is about $475 million for the year. If there was an extension of bonus depreciation, that may reduce cash taxes by another $100 million. You'll recall that last year, it happened so late in the year that frankly, we had already made our estimated tax payments. So with no extension, you're sort of looking in the $475 million range.
Arthur T. Minson: On the rate increases, Marci, some of them hit Q1. And we'll basically get a full quarter impact on Q2. You will recall that last year as I said, it's almost a sea change in how we did rate increases whereas last year, we had more rate increases in different quarters, particularly around HSD and modem fees, so really a different approach. What I would tell you is overall this year, our rate increases went to more customers, but the average customer got a meaningfully lower rate increase. So we talk a lot about the goal of getting back to a balance of rate and volume. And obviously one of the ways we did that is to not be as dependent on higher rate increases. So we went broader with them, but not as much on individual bills.
Arthur T. Minson: On the programming increase, we obviously didn't get into any specifics in the full-year guide. What I would tell you though is a lot of the dynamics we saw in Q1 do continue through the rest of the year. There are some lapping of products that were launched later in 2014. But we frankly – I think you're not going to see that much of a change this year.
Arthur T. Minson: Hey, Vijay. It's Artie. I would just point out a couple of things. To your point on tech ops and customer care, we basically have had the stair-step increase in investment this year. And so that, to your point, begins to normalize out. As you think about programming, I would think we don't have any new launches on the horizon right now. We also though, I think the really key thing is, and I talked a little bit sort of as the Flywheel of the business, when you start adding subscribers and have that momentum and have a full year of subscriber add wind at your back, this year, we're still dealing with losing subscribers and losing individual products last year, it's impacting this year's results. That is sort of the biggest driver of the overall increase. You saw the acceleration in residential growth. But that should – that growth rate should continue to accelerate next year and you continue to see strong growth in Business Services. And on the ad sales front, it's obviously a political year, so that provides some benefit as well.
