Christopher Winfrey: Sure. Let me try to tackle those, and Jessica may want to chime in here as well. The first one is on ACP and what we estimate. John, the non-renewal of ACP, there's 23 million customers have it today. It's unfortunate. But it's certainly going to have a negative Internet customer growth impact for everyone, including us. And that's going to happen in what's already a seasonal Q2 and probably the third quarter as we work through likely non-pay activity. And so really, as you think about the extent of those losses, it's going to depend on a few things.  One, first, being the stickiness of our retention offers. That includes us doing a free mobile line as well as for all ACP customers. That allows customers to save as much, if not more money on a monthly basis than the subsidy we already offered by ACP. In some cases, it can be much closer to EBB or maybe even more.  And we do have a Spectrum Internet Assist. We have Internet 100. So we have products that we can move people to as needed. And so the second thing I would say is it's going to depend on how well we really execute on those retention tactics that matters. And then thirdly, the way that we manage what's going to be likely an elevated non-pay environment and really managing that to the best of our ability for the benefit of customers.  In terms of specifics, this is an event that's unprecedented. In almost 30 years of cable, I haven't seen something like this before. So the short-term impact, it's difficult to predict. But in the end, I'm really confident we're going to manage through it successfully. It will be a onetime event, both on subscribers and maybe initial suppression of ARPU, but it's not going to impact our long-term growth potential. 
Christopher Winfrey: You've got a lower transaction environment, plus all the expense management activity that we're doing, and that will have significant impact to cost to serve as well as sales and marketing as well.  And the broadband competition, maybe just take a step back and talk a little bit more detail about the operating environment and competitive and the results in that context.  The first thing I think is important to just keep in mind is that our churn, it continues to be at or below historic lows, so very good. And bear with me, but we actually performed a little better in the first quarter in competitive switching versus last year. Which then somebody said, "Well, wait a second, how does that work?"  And the real issue has been selling opportunities for broadband were actually much lower in the marketplace year-over-year, and that's driven by continued lower year-over-year move and household formation rates. There is some reversion to pre-pandemic mobile-only levels the past 2 quarters.  And at the same time, as you mentioned, there's still some cell phone Internet expansion, and that's competing what is for a much lower opportunity set. So if you add to that, then just a bit of impact from the removal of ACP connects that started in early February, that's really what drove us to the loss of roughly 70,000 Internet.  Ben, as you know, in this environment, small shifts in gross adds in particular, or even churn, which hasn't been the case, it just really has an outsized impact on net adds. And so that's going to definitely, as I mentioned before, it's going to be the case in the seasonal Q2, also with the end of ACP, all of which is temporary in nature.  I think the bigger question is what are we doing? And as I mentioned, we still know, and I think everybody agrees, we have the best products. And we have it at the best all-in price, particularly when you're combining broadband and mobile, which is, in a lot of cases, what we're competing against. Our network evolution to symmetrical and multi-gig wireline and wireless capabilities, and we're doing that at a low cost of $100 per passing. And then as I mentioned, we have the expansion of that best-in-class network and converged products to homes with no broadband today.  So in essence, what we're doing is we're still very competitive saving customers lots of money with fastest products. And we do that with a 100% in-house onshore service structure. And when you put that together with what I mentioned in the prepared remarks is continued increasing customer demand for data, it means we're very well positioned to return to sustainable growth over time.  And the key for us really is, in the meantime, we're heads down on execution. It doesn't mean that we don't have short-term opportunities. We're leaving no stone unturned on go-to-market. We have great assets and ability to package and price in I think ways that are new and innovative.  And what we're trying to do in the meantime as well, you mentioned on wireline overbuild in particular, still be very disciplined around the pricing because we know the value of our products. And so we saw a few overbuilders go a little bit downstream during the quarter. And we've resisted the temptation to go there just because we know the value of our both wireline and wireless services and the value that we can bring to customers long term. 
Christopher Winfrey: I would just add on -- just to add, Jessica said it, 0 lack of confidence. We have good, strong free cash flow today, have even growing free cash flow, and much more so as we get through these onetime investments. It's really -- as Jessica has already said, it's about making sure that we ensure the investment-grade structure we have. And that's important to us, it's important to our debt holders, and it's important to our equity holders as well. 
Christopher Winfrey: And so I'd put that one to being responsive, and at the same time, given the current stock price, we want to do as much as we can within that responsiveness. 
Christopher Winfrey: So Craig, I'll start on the first one on convergence. And I think the best way to do this is I spend a lot of time internally talking about it as well, is if I asked you 15 years ago, what's the speed of your Internet connection? You would have connected to the back of the computer in your kitchen, and that would have been it. And 10 years ago, it might have been, here it is on WiFi on my couch or out on the terrace.  And today, if you're pulling out of the driveway and driving out and I say, "Who's your Internet provider right now?" You'd say, "I don't know, I don't care. It just has to work and it has to be fast." And if that's people's definition increasingly of what's broadband connectivity, then we're the only provider in our footprint that can provide that uniform, ubiquitous broadband Internet in a seamless connectivity way.  And so we have the Internet. We have the WiFi. Our 5G cellular is a backup service when Internet and WiFi isn't available. And over -- last we reported, it was 87% of our traffic was going over our WiFi and increasingly with CBRS. So 5G, interestingly, it's the backup radio. It's the slowest portion of our network. And when you put that all together in a way that I think we're uniquely capable of doing, we have the ability to offer something in the marketplace.  Now the challenge is that's not the way that it's been sold. It's not the way that customers think about it explicitly today in terms of how they purchase service. So there's an education challenge that's there in the way that we package, price and market that along the way. We'll have a meaningful impact.  Another way of thinking about it is that mobile today, and in fact I would argue, always has been, is just an extension of an Internet connection. And is it really a product? Is mobile a product? Or is it just an extension? Because even in 15 years ago, it's really a wireline service going to a tower, and that was just extending the broadband connection. And today, we're doing that from WiFi inside the home, out on strand. And we have the ability to provide that service in a ubiquitous way that is competitive.  And so Spectrum One, the idea is how do you educate the market and try to get the purchase habits to change in a different way. And over time, is mobile really a product? And testing and pushing the limits in the market, I think we have something here that's a competitive advantage, and it just may take a little bit of time to fully flesh its way out.  But we are that service provider today, not only to ourselves, but we're actually providing that backhaul service to foreign cellular devices on our WiFi routers today. And we are the backhaul and the backbone of almost all cellular traffic. So it just puts a unique opportunity for us to capitalize on that in the future. 
Christopher Winfrey: Right. So the traditional wholesale is relatively steady, and it's the cell tower backhaul that's in systemic decline, if you will. 
Christopher Winfrey: Bryan, on the net neutrality, I'd start from the get go. We don't -- the key concern isn't net neutrality. The concern is the Title II regime. We've -- we don't block. We don't do paid prioritization. We don't throttle, and we don't even have data caps. We believe that customers should have unlimited usage of the service that they're paying for.  The question has really been around Title II and what that brings, things around forbearance on rate regulation, the additional unintended consequences of where that can lead to on regulation for a product that, without regulation, is that type of regulation has been very successful to delivering tremendous value for consumers over a couple of decades now.  I would say that where we're at in the Title II debate with the FCC, there's 0 surprise. It's exactly where everybody thought we would be, and we're going to continue to go through that process. Unfortunately, it seems like over many years as this kind of works its way probably back to a court at this stage. And then hopefully, over time, we can get a standard set by Congress that puts this to bed once and for all. That's always been the hope. But I don't think Title II is the right way to regulate the things that we're already doing well. 
Christopher Winfrey: And if you think about it just from a customer perspective and how we were trying to be responsive to the government request, we wanted to make sure that these customers entering into collection cycle on video or phone didn't somehow suppress their ability to continue to receive the ACP benefit and continue to receive connectivity. And it's -- that's a classic example of the base of customers that we're going to work through, as I talked about from a collection cycle. And do the right thing for those customers to do everything we can to make sure that they stay connected to Internet over time. But there's challenges there. 
Christopher Winfrey: We'll go through the month of May with a partial ACP in accordance with what the government outlined. It's going to be a partial credit of $14, and we've agreed to make it $15 just to round it and make it clear to -- and fair to customers. So that's what we'll do inside of May. 
Christopher Winfrey: So on the first question, the connection was a little off, and so we're going to sell you a Spectrum Mobile after this call here.  But the -- so I'm going to want to take the liberty of answering the question I think you asked. Look, we don't get into detail on individual programming renewals, and we've been generally very successful at getting renewals throughout the years. That's always our goal.  Our goal, though, is to really make sure that, first and foremost, that we really change the model so that we, once again, create value for customers. That starts with not asking them to pay twice for the same product, which is the debate that we've had historically and where we set a new model.  But it also means approaching the marketplace in all of our deal renewals and saying, "Look, we've got to fight for the customer." And if they have a path to get a product that's equivalent or in some cases, even better for a lower price, we should just be selling that product, and that's the way that we should go to market.  And we can have that ability to do traditional linear hybrid. We can sell DTCs. We can sell them in a bundle. We have 25,000 in-house sales representatives in sales and retention. And so we have a workforce that's very capable of being a distribution engine for linear hybrid, DTC. And we have a large base of broadband customers, none surpassing us, that we can use that's unique. And we want to do that in a way that creates value for consumers.  I think as we've approached the marketplace in what is a different way, it creates consternation because it's something very different. But our goal here is really to create a video ecosystem that works for customers and providing utility and value. Again, utility through Xumo and value through our ability to package in different ways that meets the customers' needs at a fair price. And ultimately, while it may be painful along the way, actually creates value again for programmers and distributors and recreates a video ecosystem that works for everybody.  And so we're not approaching this from a way of just trying to save money. We're just trying to actually create value for customers by either adding more product so that the price they pay is worth it or saving them money because they wanted to package anyway. And we can do that in a way in a lower churn environment for the benefit of programmers, and that just takes a little bit to get through.  But our goals here are really to recreate a video ecosystem that works for everybody. Today, it doesn't. It's been broken, and it's been broken for a while. And I think that we had the first time in maybe 2 decades where we can do something where we have a product that we're proud to put on our Internet bill at some point soon.  And that really is, when we talked about it last year, is the balance of, on one hand, our bundled customers churn less. And so a high-quality video product has always been an asset. But when the rate continues to go up and the value goes down and it's being sold around customers and ask them to pay twice, then it becomes a liability on the Internet broadband bill. And then I think we need to rethink the way that what we're selling for video and how it actually creates value for customers or not.  So that's where we've been. And I'm confident we're going to continue to make progress in this space. 
Christopher Winfrey: So I'm not going to provide a detailed timeline for the timing to reaccelerate, just because I want to be conservative and recognize that it's a very fluid space. I mean, clearly, we have ACP going on right now, which is going to be a onetime hit. You have cell phone Internet where they will reach capacity, and the timing of that isn't entirely clear. And then there's fiber upgrades, which have been announced and are pretty far along from what was actually announced.  So I think if you put that all together, though, and flip it and say, well, get past ACP, and the pace of fiber upgrades is relatively stable, and I think over time should actually start to decline. Cell phone Internet will run out of capacity, and you're already starting to see some signs of some of that paring back, all of which bodes well.  And then you combine that with the fact that when you look at our -- the quality of our Internet product, in 100% of the market, particularly and even more so in those that don't have a gig overlap, which is about half. And then you combine that with the unique ability to provide a very attractively priced mobile product that's actually the fastest mobile product in the business simply because it largely rides on our gigabit wireless infrastructure, we have a structural advantage for now and many years to come, not only just on quality, but the ability to save customers hundreds and even thousands of dollars.  And so I sit back and look at that and say, it isn't a question of if. It's just a question of when. And as some of these short-term pressures pare back, that's when you'll start to see it turn.  Honestly, we haven't been the best at predicting the exact timing of that. And so I said last quarter, we owned that. And so I want to be careful that I'm not overextending ourselves here either. But I think it's more important just to take a step back and look at what is the product we have, what's the network capabilities we have. It's only getting better.  If you then tack on to that the rural passings, that you mentioned ex rural, so I did that ex rural. But if you add on to that the subsidized rural passings where it's just math in terms of the penetration, the net additions that we're going to get on the back of that investment, I still think the future's very, very bright for Charter. 
Christopher Winfrey: Good. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining the call. And look forward to talking to you again on the next one. 
Jessica Fischer: Yes. As you think about EBITDA across the year, as we pointed out and I would just highlight it, there are some pressures on EBITDA in Q2 because of the comps to last year as well as likely, if there is non-pay impact, there could be some bad debt pressure inside of Q2 as well. So I would expect our EBITDA growth to be more pressured in Q2.  But we see the ability for it to accelerate across the rest of the year when you consider the roll-off of Spectrum Mobile, political advertising and our continued expense initiatives in the business as well. And so because of that, in all of the scenarios that we've looked at, we continue to expect EBITDA growth in the year. 
Jessica Fischer: So Ben, on the line item expense guidance that we gave earlier in the year, I don't have an update to any of those specific items. But what I would tell you is that, because of some of the work that we're doing around expenses across the business, I think it's possible that we come in lower than what we guided to, to begin with. I don't have a revision, but I think it's possible we come in on the low side. 
Jessica Fischer: So that's a fair call out. The exact amount of the bad debt related to ACP is hard to predict because it's a matter of what the mix is between customers that go non-pay and customers that sort of contact you in some other way. So that's fair call out.  On items other than that, I think the possibility is that we do better. 
Jessica Fischer: Yes. So Jonathan, I would say our confidence in the business hasn't changed. We remain comfortable with our 4 to 4.5x range based on the outlook that we have. But I think being sort of at the height of the investment cycle, we thought that creating a little bit of headroom was appropriate.  We constantly reevaluate our position. We'll continue to do that. But we continue to believe in the long-term trajectory of the business. We think the investments that we're making will deliver strong returns. And we know that maintaining the levered equity strategy, including sort of buybacks and leverage levels overall, is important to continuing to drive value. 
Jessica Fischer: Jonathan, we're in regular contact with all 3 of the ratings agencies. Certainly, I think that there has been some additional conversation across debt holders and the rating agencies, given the higher CapEx that we have in the business and the sort of short-term pressure that, that puts on free cash flow.  And given sort of the tone of the broader market, you might have seen S&P issued a tearsheet at the end of last week that addressed ACP and the competitive environment. And I think their concerns are similar to those of equity holders, though they noted in there that they don't expect our ratings to change even though they might adjust their triggers somewhat. And even if our corporate family ratings were to change, they didn't expect any impact to the investment-grade rating.  So we constantly communicate with them. I think that given where we are, it made sense for us to create a little bit of headroom. As I said, we constantly reevaluate. It's certainly possible that we could move back up in the range at some point in time, particularly as you think about sort of free cash flow growth coming back as the investments winds down. 
Jessica Fischer: Yes. So Bryan, the onetime payment that impacted free cash flow on the order of $150 million to $180 million, in that range. And then from a working capital perspective, Q1 is always for us a negative working capital quarter. And I fully expect that we'll sort of make back to close to flat over the course of the year the negative working capital that we had. Excluding working capital, excluding the mobile device or the mobile side in the first quarter. Obviously, mobile continues to be a drag on working capital because of the device sales, and so you should expect that piece to continue. 
Jessica Fischer: Yes. So starting on the first one on the Internet ARPU. The Spectrum One allocation was 70 basis points of drag year-over-year on our net ARPU growth in the quarter. So the GAAP Internet ARPU increased by 1.7%. It would have been 2.4% excluding the mobile allocation for free lines. Generally, I would expect that the gap in those 2 growth rates should narrow over the course of the year because the base of free lines becomes more stable given promotional roll-off.  However, I talked about that we are offering all of our ACP customers a free mobile line for a year. And depending on the level of success of that program, if we did see a reacceleration in the number of free lines, the gap between those 2 things could widen again.  Talking about what you see inside of the footnote and the aging. So we have had a process over time where we save customers into ACP. So if there was a customer who took multiple lines of business, say they were an Internet and video customer, and they were paying us. And then went into a non-pay status but they were eligible for ACP. 
Jessica Fischer: Or already in ACP. What we would do would be to downgrade the customer to an Internet-only product that was fully covered by the ACP subsidy, which enabled them to continue their Internet service. But then they would no longer have whatever the additional services were that were on their accounts. We have held those balances, though they're fully reserved. So they're sitting in receivables, but they're also sort of fully written off already in the bad debt reserve process.  But you're correct that numerically inside of the footnote, then you can see the base of customers who at some point in the past went into a non-pay process but have had their bill fully subsidized by ACP for some period of time. 
Jessica Fischer: On the buyback authorization side. I'm going to make sure we answer that question. The authorization as of the end of the quarter, as you pointed out, is a little bit lower than what you would typically see. There are multiple mechanisms by which that gets renewed, and we have increased the buyback authorization since that point in time. And just because of the readthrough to that, I want to be really clear that we expect to be able to maintain our buybacks over the course of the year even as we delever. So you should not read that through as any sort of sign about the direction of the program. 
Jessica Fischer: On the mobile working capital side, so you point out, without a doubt, the drag on working capital is driven by the number of phones or other mobile devices that you sell subject to EIP notes. And so if we were to end up with additional devices because of having additional mobile customers as a result of our work on ACP or if we end up with some additional devices because of the Anytime Upgrade program, which is also possible, there could be some acceleration in that drag.  What I would tell you on the other side of that is, as we've been building our mobile business, we haven't taken advantage of some of the financing options that are available for us related to having those EIP notes as part of our overall asset stack. And it hasn't yet made sense for a wide variety of reasons, including just sort of building the scale for a program like that to make sense.  So I think it's also possible that we could offset some of that drag in working capital by working through some of those financing mechanisms. And certainly, as we've been building, I think we're reaching a size at which that becomes a more viable option. 
