Thomas M. Rutledge: Jason, this is Tom. From what I have seen, the descriptions of the product sets are consistent with the price. And so I don't think they are below price. But I also don't think they are full packages, as I have seen them described.
Thomas M. Rutledge: But what's in it, what I have seen is in it is – doesn't add up to the price. So I think it does have some margin in it.
Thomas M. Rutledge: So to the first question, we've had fruitful discussions with Verizon, but I don't want to characterize them beyond that. And with regard to our licenses, yes, we've asked the SEC for the right to experiment with what people call millimeter wave technologies in several markets so that we can learn how to use those products to our advantage competitively.
Thomas M. Rutledge: It didn't happen at Charter, and we went through the exact same process. So Legacy Charter, when, in 2012, we went through this before, had high-priced boxes, low-value products. And it meant that maybe the ARPU lift for customer relationship wasn't as high as it could have been if you were banging on rates, but our growth took off. And I think people are focusing on the wrong thing of trying to focus on the ARPU as opposed to talking about customer relationship growth. And that's the real value of the growth strategy over time as opposed to how much rate can you take.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Look, if we had anything that was material and probable, we'd have to disclose it here. That's about the best I can say.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Well, I don't know that I should be getting into our board's thinking, but that was the number that we got. And obviously, management like as much flexibility as we could have. The opportunistic part means in 2011 there were periods of disruption where institutional investors approached us and we were able to provide them liquidity. There's all the other traditional ways of going back and buying back stock, whether there's high market demand, low market demand. At the end of the day, it's just a view on what you think the growth profile of the company is and where the stock will be several years out as opposed to the next few months. If you have views on what you think the stock is worth over a multi-year period, does it look attractive? And we thought it did, and we executed on some buybacks under that authority.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Yeah, the proxy was based on a business plan of nearly two years ago. So, frankly, I don't even remember what the number was. There's nothing that's changed in our thoughts about the trajectory of CapEx over time. But we closed six months later, and if we see opportunities to pull investment in faster, we will. So I don't want to be tethered to what we were laying out then. The trajectory is the same. And for 2017, I don't even know how much we're doing in terms of all-digital in 2017 versus 2018. That's going to be one of the large drivers. So we're not going to get into the mode of being trapped by that CapEx guidance either. But we expect the capital intensity to decline over time once we get through the all-digital.
Thomas M. Rutledge: I do think we can build it. And I think that we can change the definition of the product set that works in that marketplace as well, coming at it from a non-incumbent perspective. But one of the advantages of the new company and the new footprint is the regionality that has been picked up in terms of our asset base, previously Charter was less of a percentage of DMA in most markets that we operated in. And as a result of that, we had marketing inefficiencies. We couldn't use mass media in a lot of places. And the same effect actually impedes enterprise growth because of the regional nature of a lot of enterprises and the multi-site facilities that larger enterprises have and the inability to serve those consistently when you have a spindly footprint. And so the improvement in the footprint actually improves the opportunity that the enterprise market presents to us, as well as the fact that it's -- I mean the big news is we have great technologies. We have the ability to put those technologies everywhere we operate and we're really underpenetrated. And to me that lots of upside.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Yeah. So, Vijay, you are going to – I'd love to lay out our own model for you here, but I can't. I think, the – what I would tell you is that the fourth quarter comment you made about volume significantly ramping already in the fourth quarter is – I don't see that in the cards. Most of what we are doing for Spectrum pricing and packaging isn't beginning until mid-November and then continuing through December. So as that soaks through the marketplace, and even then, it's only half of the acquired footprint that would have been taken through Spectrum pricing and packaging. So I think we would be getting ahead of ourselves. I think, it's fair to start looking at the business and thinking about it conservatively once Spectrum pricing and packaging is fully deployed across all the markets. And that's the right time to start thinking through. Already, where we have gone as Spectrum pricing and packaging, we are seeing uplift in sales, and it is material, and it is what we would expect, and it is what we saw at Charter. As it relates to these different initiatives that you described on the OpEx side, you know, the curve could look a lot like Charter. Offsetting that is going to be the fact that we have transaction synergies here which we did not have in the previous Charter experience which will buffer that. And in addition to that, you have legacy Charter, which is still a large portion of the footprint that's growing at a very fast pace, not just from customer relationships. And -- but because our service transactions are coming down, our EBITDA growth, last time that we could really look at it on a completely standalone basis, far outstrip the revenue growth. I mentioned that was without taking a bunch of rate. So I'm going to say it again. I know everybody is focused on how much ARPU can you get, but this isn't an ARPU-driven strategy. It's a customer growth driven strategy, and it's one that's designed to take transactions out of the business. We did get some ARPU growth over time at legacy Charter. I think that will happen here too. But that's not going to define our success one way or another.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Correct. And that's achieved through higher pre-issues per household and higher penetration per product and customer relationship growth. Those are the ones that matter.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Yes, look, we're rolling that out across the historic Charter footprint, and we're prepared to roll out next year inside the new price and packaging rollouts, not at the beginning of the year, but more towards the middle of the year. And we will – that will become our standard user interface on every incremental sale that we make. And it will also be an opportunity for our existing customer base to change out, without a change in hardware, their UI based on whatever need they might have and whenever they might want to make that occur. So it's going well, and it's being rolled, and it is our game plan.
Thomas M. Rutledge: We may have to come back to the second question. I am not sure I could totally follow it. But the – on the first question, you'll see in the 10-Q that we file today that the board is authorized to start the clock anew following this Q3 earnings for the six month window with the $750 million authorization. So effectively a reset. And so we continue to have, as we sit here today, $750 million available to us to be opportunistic over time.
Thomas M. Rutledge: No. We're working on ways of moderating that simultaneously to the rollout of pricing and packaging. So even if we weren't rolling out pricing and packaging, which had a positive benefit to churn, we've done other things in our whole relationship process, which is difficult to do during a transition process, but we're making changes where we can to the benefit of the consumer and trying to preserve the customer base while we rollout new pricing and packaging. So I wouldn't say that the number this quarter is a proxy for all future quarters until pricing and packaging is rolled out. But pricing and packaging will be fully rolled out by spring. And the question, then, is how fast does that flow through the business in a corrective way. But if you look at what we did at Charter, a substantial amount of the customer base turns over every year into new pricing and packaging through both churn activity and through upgrade activity. And so it's a difficult thing to model. But we're coming at it both ways, both from creating a value proposition in the pricing and packaging we have, and doing those smart things that you can do with an existing customer base that's mispriced to move them in the right direction.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Well, we have ambitions to make it a bigger business. And it's good right now. It's a political season, obviously. But in terms of the new company, we'll immediately start selling data-infused advertising in 2017. And we believe that that will give us a lift over our historic pattern of advertising growth because our products will be worth more to our advertising. And we have a whole series of products that go forward from that. But, essentially, we have the ability to put ads where we want to put them and to who we want to put them. And that capability should create a different value relationship with advertisers.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Well, as we go down the path of an MVNO, it doesn't mean that we launch in an immediate fashion. It's a substantial business and requires significant planning and I would think that it would be well toward the end of the year, if not the following year, before the business is actually substantial, meaning end of 2017, following into 2018.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Well, I think to answer your question, it's the latter. It's really just standing up the business that I was talking about, not having a substantial customer count. And with regard to where it goes, I think the MVNO is an opportunity to create a high-quality product intermixed with our existing high-quality products and create value for customers. And that has a tremendous potential to make the existing business model work better. With regard to how that gets integrated, no, I think 5G-type technologies or millimeter wave technologies or small cell, high frequency, high capacity, low latency wireless networks are products that we will develop. They may or may not be connected to an MVNO relationship or a mobility relationship. I think that there are opportunities to create wireless drops in certain cases, so direct wireless connections that mimic a physical connection, to connect malls and other things in the enterprise space and buildings that are not contiguous or have big parking lots or, in some cases, low density areas, it might make some sense. And so the technology platform of these small high-capacity cells can work in a myriad of ways, both as line extension devices, as well as in-home devices that don't necessarily require mobility off property, in-office devices that don't require mobility off property. So they don't have to be necessarily developed as a mobile service. So we're going to explore both paths.
Thomas M. Rutledge: I'll answer the first question. I think the more likely difference, since we don't know what Comcast programming agreements cost or what they are, is still timing, if you're trying to compare the two companies, trajectory in any one fiscal year, because it is a lumpy kind of business. But that's speculative, without having any real information other than my experience.
Thomas M. Rutledge: They tend to converge over a longer period of time historically, whether they're seeking different rights than us or not, I don't know.
Thomas M. Rutledge: So if there were different rights structures and people were paying different amounts for those, and the industry practice is diverged, that wouldn't be true. But historically, it is true that they tend to converge over time. With regard to competition, how do we think about it? We think we have a great physical infrastructure and that it's underpenetrated, and that we have tremendous growth in front of us. We take our competitors seriously. We try to build better products than they do. And we think that we'll be able to continue to do that for the foreseeable future. We think we'll win based on our pricing, packaging, and product mix. We think we'll win based on our service business. And we think that the network that we have is underdeveloped in terms of its capabilities.
Thomas M. Rutledge: So with regard to skinny packages, generally, the product sets that people offer in the market that are less than full services are available to us. And we've done experiments, although interestingly, the rate of customers that take full packages from us is increasing. So we're growing our video business and the ratio, the mix of full-service product, what people would think of as a fat package, I guess, is actually increasing. So when we look at our opportunity, if we think there's a niche of market that could work with the products that are available, and they all have limitations in terms of being targetable to the non-subscribing marketplace, which generally is lower income and out of the full-package market because of their income. And so we have the ability, I think, to continue to compete in that space if a product becomes available to us that actually satisfies a segment of the marketplace that's currently un-served. So far, we haven't found that magic mixture. We have sold some skinny packages ourselves. We continue to sell them. But the mix is actually going heavier. So I think about it as an evolving landscape. To the extent that content companies want to let us sell in smaller packages that have lower penetrations, we'd be glad to take advantage of that.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Oh, sorry. Look, it was worse than it ended up. And we'd rather not have an inconsistent regulatory environment for us as ISPs relative to edge providers. And we think that's really long, but it came a lot closer to the FTC model, not the FCC model, as originally proposed. And it's better, not perfect, but it's better.
Christopher L. Winfrey: I think, Craig, at this point, from a cash flow perspective, whether you think about the MVNO or some advance testing, this is not at a stage where it's material at all to cash flow. And so, again, we're not going to trap ourselves with buyback guidance, because we're always going to look for ways to reinvest in the business or apply it to more accretive M&A to the extent it exists. But that hasn't factored into our thinking right now as a significant source of capital yet in the short term.
Christopher L. Winfrey: Yeah. So, look, we're intentionally not getting into it line by line as it relates to the synergy targets or what's been realized because, frankly, from an investor perspective, I don't know that it matters that much. So there's one thing to talk about, the one-time synergy and other thing is to talk about the growth curve and programming cost once you've had that synergy over a multi-year period. And those are really distinct items. So for all the obvious reasons, we're not going to go line by line. I think, the key thing for investors to understand is that we started off, I think, when we announced the transaction, thinking it would be around $400 million in the first year – at the end of the first year annualized. When we financed it, it was at $500 million. Last quarter, it was at $600 million. This quarter, we are confirming that it is $700 million at the end of year one run rate and that we're going to significantly exceed the $800 million original target for the run rate at the end of three years. So that's what really matters, and that's what different from Charter, is going to help us fund a lot of the investments that we're doing and have a slightly different net growth curve financially for the new company. From a programming expense line perspective, I guess the only thing I would tell you is, one, even though you step into a rate card that has nothing to do – that doesn't give you any indication of what the slope was and the growth rate could continue to be high on the rate card you stepped into. But we're not accruing against the contractual rate card which we're billing. Beyond that, I'll just leave it at that. And for all the obvious reasons, we're not going to go much deeper into the topic.
Christopher L. Winfrey: No. I think, this is more about changing the activity and rerouting along the way. We talk publicly about the fact that we are already building call centers and we were doing that rapidly. So that process has started, but it is very early on, which is the intent of that very light shading on the – I don't know what page it is in the presentation, but we did give a page that is designed to show the progression of all the different operating initiatives as we see it today.
