Glenn A. Britt: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Time Warner Cable continued to post steady results in the third quarter with year-over-year revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth of just under 4%. Our free cash flow remains very strong. We generated more than $600 million in the third quarter and almost $2.4 billion year-to-date through September. We drove stronger residential video and broadband subscriber metrics compared to the year-ago quarter, and we posted business services revenue growth of 35%, including NaviSite. And ad sales did fine, although it's feeling the impact of a wobbly economy and the absence of 2010's election-year political advertising.  Since our last call, we announced the acquisition of Insight Communications. We’re excited about the opportunity to buy a well-run company in the business we love at an attractive price, and we look forward to serving Insight's customers and bringing them our innovative capabilities over time. We continue to expect the transaction to close in the first half of next year.  Disciplined balance sheet management continues to be a top priority. The announced acquisition of Insight increased our pro forma leverage. As a result, we slowed the pace of our share repurchases as we actively managed our balance sheet to meet our targeted leverage ratio and cost of capital. The slower pace notwithstanding, we still bought almost $600 million worth of shares in the third quarter. [Audio Gap] [indiscernible] maximizing our opportunity in our 2 most promising areas, residential broadband and business services, while continuing to deliver both the content and innovation our customers expect in our video product.  Broadband is a powerful service for which there appears to be unquenchable consumer thirst. We have a great story here. We're winning share while increasing ARPU. Over time, we'll devote much more of our plant's capacity to broadband, and we’ll allocate more capital to this service, as we continue to enable customers to access innovative and increasingly bandwidth-intensive Internet applications.  Business services is mostly about share shift. But I think we can also grow the category by applying new technology, including the capabilities we acquired with NaviSite. I can see the opportunity to grow this business even faster if we make more investments in expanding our sales force and extending the plan to increase serviceability in certain parts of our footprint.  Video is a very good but mature business. We're striving to deploy resources thoughtfully to build on our strength. When you think about it, nearly everyone watches TV, and they watch a lot of it. Cable has always been about offering access to more TV and providing greater convenience. We’re building on this legacy by bringing our video product to a variety of consumer electronics devices. We're consistently updating our iPad app every few months, and we're planning to bring similar functionality to existing -- to additional devices later this year.  We introduced whole home DVRs across our footprint earlier this year, resulting in a better consumer experience yet having a very modest impact on costs. Next, we'll begin installing home gateways, which we expect to further improve our service while actually reducing CPE capital and some configurations.  And last, I'd point to our user interface. We have no illusions that we can make all of our 14 million legacy set-top boxes sing and dance like an iPad. In fact, it isn't all that easy to invent a simple way to serve hundreds of channels with a remote control that isn't a keyboard. However, we're making incremental investments in the most recent generations of set-tops, that is those with fast processors, a DOCSIS connection and home networking capabilities. As a result, we have now employed our first generation of cloud-based guide functionality in parts of Syracuse, Los Angeles and Dallas. It provides advanced search and box [ph] for on-demand content. We expect to roll it out broadly in the next several quarters.  We also need to refocus on the voice product. While cord cutting continues apace, we still have considerable opportunity to grow, although it may require new promotions and packaging to attract new customers.  So in summary, we continued to post steady financial progress in the third quarter powered by residential broadband and business services. And we're particularly pleased by stronger subscriber results in August and September.  So let me turn it over to Irene and then Rob to give you additional background.
Glenn A. Britt: Doug, there's a whole a lot of questions in there, so let me just make a few general comments. In a way, there's nothing really new here. I think you've seen this trend for a while. Our broadband product is very strong. As most people know, the usage of broadband is skyrocketing, as it has been for some time. And that means that we will need to spend more money on it. We have been already, both in capital and operating expenses. And I think as people -- the great thing about the Internet is lots of third parties dream up lots of new applications that require more speed and more bandwidth. And we anticipate that we're going to have to devote more capacity to that over time. We will do that by gradually removing our analog signals from our -- our analog TV signals from our plan. We've been doing that over the last several years by migrating to digital using Switched Digital technology. And over the next several years, we'll be going all digital in the TV space. I don't see this driving a dramatic change in our cap spending, I think, to the core of your questions. The spending has been going on for a while, and I think you're seeing a change in mix. The video spending is going down over time. The business services is going to go up, although it didn't this quarter. And you're going to see the spending on broadband going up. But I don't think the overall trajectory is mutually different. I think that answers most of your questions.
Glenn A. Britt: Phil, let me address cap spending. Irene reiterated our guidance for capital spending for this year, and that's where we think we're going to come in. Within that, we are focused on one big number that could sit [ph]. But there are literally thousands of projects that are encompassed in that number, plus CPE spending, which obviously is volume-driven. And suffice it to say, we have projects underway that add up to the number we are telling you about. Can we guarantee that we will spend every dollar of that exactly to the penny or under or over? No, but directionally, that's what we think we're going to do and what our operating people think we're going to do. I wouldn't characterize it, we're already partway into the quarter, as being driven by any particular part of our business or not. Again, it's across the board. And then for next year, I think we're not quite ready to give any guidance yet. Stay tuned for the year-end earnings release. That's when we usually do that.
Glenn A. Britt: Our strategy really hasn't changed. We continue to see if there is a market proposition around wireless that makes sense for us recognizing the existing structure of the wireless business with 2 very large players and then a couple of smaller players and some other much smaller players. To that end, we haven't found anything wonderful so far in terms of reselling other people's capacity. We've talked about that before. We have gotten very interested in packaging in mobility with our wirelines broadband offering and, in particular, using WiFi because the data usage seems to be heavily close to home. And to that end, we've turned up a bunch of WiFi sites in Los Angeles, and that's going pretty well. So we have a theory that by building WiFi, we can cover a lot of people's mobile data needs and supplement that by accessing capacity on a wholesale basis from some of the other carriers, which, of course, is the deal we have with Sprint and Clearwire. So that's what we're doing today. And obviously, like all of us, we read the paper, and we follow AT&T and T-Mobile, but that's not really changing our strategy at this point.
Glenn A. Britt: Good question. I think there's 2 big pieces of revenue that you're talking about there. And one is the subscription premium services, and the other is the paid video-on-demand. Obviously, we have a lot of free video-on-demand and the subscription that goes with the other services, too. I think the subscription premium services are clearly impacted by the economy as consumers try to cut back. We always think we could do a little better job of marketing, and we're focused on that. So it's not totally the economy, but I think that's certainly an element. I also think for both the premiums and video-on-demand, although it's not measurable, there may well be some impact from the over-the-top, so called over-the-top services. But nobody that I know has been able to measure it yet. On the pure video-on-demand, there's 3 parts to it. There's events, adult and movies, and I think what we see is the movie part is very dependent on how many titles are released and perhaps how they did in the box office. And this quarter saw a little bit fewer new -- I think one fewer very new title, and some of the movies were weaker than they were a year ago. So that -- we've seen that in the past. As I said in the last quarterly results, adult's been in decline for quite a while, and events actually were pretty good this quarter. So that's what's going on there.
Glenn A. Britt: Tuna, Google and Motorola, I’ll remind you, first of all, that we actually buy a lot more from Cisco and Samsung than we do from Motorola, although we certainly do have markets that are Motorola. I don't think that transaction will have any impact on our migration. If you really think about what we do, we take consumer devices that use all sorts of different standards, and we provide usable video to them. And the only reason we have set-tops is that, historically, the consumer electronic devices have not been able to display all of our services. They haven't been capable of 2-way things. They're not capable of decrypting signals. And they don't have intelligence, so they can't display program guides. So those are essentially the 3 reasons we have set-tops. With the newest devices that are increasingly IP capable and increasingly have intelligence, the devices can do those 3 things. So whether it's the smart TVs that we demoed our services on at the last CES or an iPad or PC or the list goes on and on, those devices can receive IP video without a set-top. So that's the transition we're going to be making over the next several years. But we still are going to have to serve all of the hundreds of millions of devices that are out there that don't have those capabilities. And so we're going to keep doing that because that's what customers demand. And I don't see this transaction as particularly affecting that or changing that. Irene, the other question's for you.
Robert D. Marcus: Doug, I'll just chime in on the second part of your question. We’ve said for a long time, we embrace video consumption online, as well as any other applications that take full advantage of the robust infrastructure and broadband capability that we deliver. So no, we don't approach it with concern about video consumption declines on the traditional platform.
Robert D. Marcus: Jessica, on the DVR question. If you dissect our video sub losses, about 65,000 of the 120-some-odd thousand video sub losses were actually digital video subs. And if you look at our DVR penetration of digital video subs, it's roughly 50%. So the DVR losses were pretty much proportionate to the losses within our overall video sub base. That said, I would say that, certainly, the economy has got to have an impact on some of the ancillary products like DVRs and like premiums. So I think it's proportionate. But certainly, your point about the economy is probably right.
Robert D. Marcus: I was writing very quickly. So downstream bandwidth utilization, I think we're in the -- somewhere in the 7 gigabytes a month of downstream bandwidth on a median basis. The average is much higher given the disproportionate usage by our high-end users. I'm not going to go through on a speed tier by speed tier basis, what the usage is. I just don't have that handy. But it is the case that the higher-speed tiers do over-index. I think that's a conversation you and I have had before. With respect to the question of why a Time Warner Cable video customer would take HSD from the phone company, if it wasn't completely evident from my remarks, that's a question I ask around here every day. I find it to be kind of inexplicable and unacceptable. So that is sort of what's given rise to our renewed push on winning those customers back. My suspicion is that those were initially telco voice customers, and they were faced with the prospect of -- and cable video customers and they were faced with the prospect of adding HSD to 1 of those 2 products. And for historical reasons, which I don't think still apply, they chose DSL. The messaging really is for a long time now, our selling proposition was more speed. I think what we've discovered without really giving away any secret sauce is that the naked speed message has been insufficient to win those DSL customers over, and what we need to do is do a better job explaining what speed translates to in terms of the usage experience, in other words, no buffering on video consumption, the ability to have more devices connected in a single home without a degradation in the experience. So messages that puts some customer behavior color on what speed offers. So that's generally the pitch, Rich. I don't know. Was there another piece? You said 3...
Robert D. Marcus: So I would say, yes, we've been working harder at gaining noncustomers period. And we've been doing it by focusing on HSD, on the theory that it's where we have our greatest value proposition and that there may be some customers out there who, for various reasons, might not be attracted by our video product, at least initially, who might be potential HSD customers. So yes, we've been pushing hard on it. It doesn't mean we're not ultimately trying to upsell those customers into more products. But yes, we've been focused on that.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, look, I'll chime in. We’re not going to be specific, Phil, about '12 guidance for commercial. But implicit in our comments is a hope that we can actually continue to drive really robust growth in that area through incremental investment, both in the plant and in the people.
Robert D. Marcus: The only thing I'd throw in, Craig, is that a lot of the discussion around that transaction have simply highlighted 2 things: one, the importance of capacity and the shortage of spectrum, and that really, in my mind, shines a bright light on the value of 2 assets. We've got, one, our wireline broadband plant, which continues to be a superior means of delivering broadband and anything that can be done wirelessly and, also, incidentally, the value of our wireless spectrum. So in those respects, I think that does inform our thinking about our asset base.
Robert D. Marcus: On the broadband marketing, Ben. I think I would simply agree with your thesis. There's a reality of life we've got to deal with, which is that there are -- given the penetration of broadband as percentage of total Internet customers, there's just fewer and fewer customers that are coming into the category from dial-up, which used to be a significant source of growth. So I think what this is about for us, as you correctly point out, is gaining share. We've done it pretty effectively. I'd like to think we can do it even better from DSL. So...
Irene M. Esteves: I'll mention on the bad debt that we had. We have a normal seasonality in our bad debt. And as college students tend to leave, it spikes up a bit. But I would also point out that it's a very small number on a very large revenue number. So we're talking about $41 million on $4.9 billion of revenue. So when it changes a little bit, it seems to change as a large percentage but not when you think about this changing on such a large base.
Irene M. Esteves: Ben, I'll take the first part of it before Rob answers the second part. On the share buybacks, as we mentioned with the acquisitions we have planned on Insight and NewWave, we build those in. We haven't given a specific pro forma number, but I think we're in that range, nearing our 3.25. So we have slowed down our pace. As we said, we want to maintain our solid investment grade rating and achieve our -- the optimal cost of capital. So we're managing to those numbers. And we have -- in September, you'll see in the Q, we bought back $126 million, so a little bit higher than the number you mentioned. But this is really to manage our balance sheet and keep our solid investment grade rating, and that's consistent with what we've said, that we will reinvest in the business as we see opportunities at the right price, which we did with Insight and NewWave, and we'll include that as we're forecasting forward on our obligations and keep that in mind as we determine our share buyback pace.
Irene M. Esteves: Sure, Tuna. On the trend, what we were saying is that we've had a few, just a few, weeks in October where the trends look like they're in the same zone as what we talked about for Q3. And then specifically in September, we mentioned that we had video adds during the month of September. But we really haven't given any more detail on the monthly numbers. And suffice it to say that we're seeing trends that are similar in these first few weeks than what we saw last quarter.
