Tom Robey: Thanks, Candy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Time Warner Cable's 2012 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued a press release detailing our 2012 first quarter results. Before we begin, there are several items I need to cover. First, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures including operating income before depreciation and amortization or OIBDA. In addition, we refer to adjusted OIBDA, adjusted OIBDA less capital expenditures and adjusted diluted earnings per share. Definitions and schedules setting out reconciliations of these historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and our trending schedules. Second, today's announcement includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due to various factors, including economic, business, competitive, technological, strategic and/or regulatory changes that could affect our business. These factors are discussed in detail in Time Warner Cable's SEC filings, including its most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Time Warner Cable is under no obligation to, and in fact, expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Third, today's comments on our outlook for 2012 do not include the impact of the expected sale of AWS spectrum by SpectrumCo.  And finally, today's press release, trending schedules, presentation slides and related reconciliation schedules are available on our company's website at twc.com/investors. A replay of today's call will be available beginning approximately 2 hours after the call has ended and will run through midnight, Eastern Time, April 30.  With that covered, I'll thank you and turn the call over to Glenn.
Tom Robey: Thanks, Irene. Candy, we're ready for the Q&A portion of the conference call. [Operator Instructions]
Tom Robey: Thanks to everyone for joining us. And to give you little advance notice, our next quarterly earnings call, which will reflect second quarter results, will be on Thursday, August 2 at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. Thanks, and have a great day.
Glenn A. Britt: I think as with a lot of things in life, there's got to be balance in this. And it's -- I'm going to avoid making any really specific comments on pricing for obvious reasons. But I think suffice it to say that we have a product that is being used more and more and more every year by people, it has more and more value. And we're comfortable that, that means that over time, that we can charge for something. Usually, if something is used more and has more value, you can charge more for that over time. So I don't think I want to go beyond that.
Glenn A. Britt: Yes. I think just to clarify, I think there's -- thank you for the question. There's a lot of confusion. So there's a set of standards called the IP, Internet Protocol, and those can be used for a wide variety of things in the world. There's also something called the public Internet, which happens to use IP standards. That doesn't mean those 2 things are exactly the same. So the application that we have on the iPad is over our closed-circuit network. It's just a different standard than we've used traditionally for our video. But it's not the public Internet. So separately, on the public Internet, I think we've been pretty clear about this, we do think over time, there will be consumption element to the tiers. What we've done in South Texas, and we actually did this in the previous quarter or earlier this quarter, the timing confuses me, anyway, a few months ago, we announced that people there who want to save money could buy a tier that had a consumption element to it. But we retained our unlimited tier with no cap. I actually don't like the term cap. And I think we should always have that. So that this was not in any way coercive, people who wanted to save money, could. People who wanted to keep what they had, have kept it, and they still have unlimited. So our plan is to roll that out further across our footprint as the year goes on.
Glenn A. Britt: Yes. And I think that makes common sense. So if we happen to encode the video in MPEG-2, which is our usual digital standard, nobody even thinks to ask the question, does that count in your cap or not? So the fact that we are choosing to have another feed that's encrypted in IP shouldn't really change that outcome.
Glenn A. Britt: Jessica, let me take the first one and let Rob deal with the second one. Obviously, it's very early. We just launched barely in 4 markets this agency deal, and way,way,way too early to talk about anything. I do think on the surface though that for us, Verizon is a very interesting marketing channel, and this, again, is an agency deal. They have stores all over the place. They sell a lot of units every year of their own product. And I think that will be good for us assuming that it gets all the way through the regulatory approvals. So we're enthusiastic about it.
Glenn A. Britt: Okay, Craig. WiFi, what we're doing in WiFi right now, as Rob talked about, is building out extensively in Los Angeles. And we do have some presence in New York too. And I think eventually, we will have a lot of WiFi in our whole footprint, but our main concentration this year is to go deep in Los Angeles. And we're off to good start with what we did last year. We see that at the moment as an extension of our wireline, WiFi -- excuse me, broadband business. And it turns out that obviously more and more wireless is about data consumption. And a lot of that is near home or not too far from home, if you think how you might use your iPad. And we think we can make our wireline service even more valuable by building out this WiFi. I would applaud Cablevision having done that earlier on New York quite extensively. As you know, we're roaming with them. So I think that's where this is going to go. The second question about regional sports, I think we've been pretty consistent about this. Our objective is to stabilize our costs and make it predictable over a lengthy timeframe knowing that the costs have been escalating rapidly all over the country. And so were rights come available as they did with the Lakers, if we think we can buy them for a price that make sense for us, over the long run, we'll do that. I don't anticipate there's going to be tons of those. Well, most of the sports rights are tied out for many, many years to come. But we'll look at other things that come up. Obviously, there was a lot of press around the sale of the Dodgers not just in Los Angeles but all over the country. And there are -- who knows what's going to happen with the media rights. And Fox has certain rights to negotiate. But if those become available and are offered to us, we'll take a look at it.
Glenn A. Britt: Rich, let me take the second one, and I'll have Rob do the first one. As we said before, our goal is to have our video service on every device that looks like the TV. And the rights that we have today are mostly in the home with other as TV Everywhere rights for out of the home. So let's focus in the home. So we want to be in every device. And I think you're going to see a whole variety of different user interfaces. So our -- the app we have in the iPad, and now the Android devices, are one version of an interface that is different than the one on the set-top boxes and using web services technology we can change it more quickly and be more adaptable to consumer needs. I think consistent with what I just said, we would be very open to being a part of other people's user experiences. And if -- I don't want to limit it to any one manufacturer, but if people have devices with great user interfaces, we would definitely consider publishing our APIs to them. And we're in discussion with a number of different companies about doing just that.
Glenn A. Britt: Jason, that's a great question. Actually, a lot of people have spent a lot of time looking at both in the industry and the government. And that is the roughly 25% or 30% of the population that is not online. And I think there's no sort of short answer to it. There's a lot of different groups and reasons within that category. There's a tendency to immediately, in some circles, go to price, so it must be too expensive. And there certainly are some people in that category, and our industry and others are making efforts to reach those. We have a program in this industry that we've announced targeting school lunch eligible children, for example, and there's other things around that. But I'm not even sure that's the biggest group. There is some number of those people who, to date, have not found going online to be useful to them or something they want to make part of their lifestyle. So there's plenty of seniors who are online, and it enables them to reach out. Perhaps they're not as mobile as they used to be. But there's a lot of other seniors that are very happy with their lives, and they don't see any reason to go online. So I'm not sure that's going to change. There's actually a frighteningly large percentage of the whole population that is functionally illiterate, and I think that's a problem that will impact this. So I could go on and on. The SEC has actually done quite a bit of work on this. So it's not going to suddenly evaporate, the 25% to 30%, but I do think over time, as broadband becomes more of a part of the fabric of our society, that you will see it gradually decrease. Nothing ever gets to 100, but I think over time, broadband will get close to that.
Glenn A. Britt: Okay. Two separate questions. We, of course, did not have MSG for a while. And it did have some impact, but I would editorialize and say it had amazingly little impact. That's usually less than you might have thought reading the press. So let's just leave that at that. Aereo, I think, is a very interesting idea. I have idea whether the courts will find it to be legal are not, but it's certainly something we're looking at. Obviously, we've been quite interested in the whole retransmission front, and so if it's found to be legal not paying retransmission consent, it's a very interesting thing.
Robert D. Marcus: And Ben I'll just chime in on your specific question about how the 2 pieces you asked about relate to one another. Usage by our customers of our video product via the iPad has no impact on their usage under those plans we implemented in South Texas.
Robert D. Marcus: Jessica, let me try to link the 2 pieces of your question. Today, what we're offering in the 4 markets that we're currently selling one another's products in is essentially a promotion that involves the inclusion of a $200 gift card to the extent the customer buys both a Verizon Wireless plan and at least upgrades one additional PSU of the Time Warner Cable product. Over time, what we envision is that we will focus less on bundled discounting, which is effectively what the gift card is, and more on product enhancements that can only be experienced if a customer is a subscriber to both services. And really, that's the focus of what the technology JV is working on. And the goal, while we're not prepared to announce any of these product enhancements today, would be to create value out of the linkage and the cooperation of the 2 companies and really all of the cable companies in Verizon Wireless. So that -- I think the 2 pieces, the agency agreement and the technology joint venture, are intimately related to one another because the value proposition rests in part in what we come up with it on the JV side.
Robert D. Marcus: I think we're going to start to -- this is something that will evolve over time, but our hope is that before year end, we'll have some additional features to talk about.
Robert D. Marcus: So Rich, on Wideband, first of all, I guess it probably goes without saying that we're very pleased with the Wideband performance this quarter. We added 73,000 Wideband subs. And that's a mix of both 50x5 subs and 30x5 subs, both of which we put in the Wideband category. And those subs came both as new connects and also significantly as upgrades from other tiers of broadband service. I guess specific answer to your question is we're approaching Wideband from 2 perspectives. One is the messaging. And I think one of the things that you probably noticed in our initial round of Enjoy Better marketing was that we highlighted many of the things that customers really like to do via their broadband connection that are made that much better by virtue of having our higher-end services, for example, watching Netflix or other video sources over the Internet or alternatively using online gaming like Call of Duty, which we highlighted in our ads. And even last year, when you look back at the promotion we did around buying Wideband and getting a swing box for free, another example of things that customers might like to do to take advantage of an even wider pipe. Beyond the messaging though, we're obviously packaging Wideband in ways that make it more attractive for our customers. So the principal way is by inclusion in our Signature Home package. And I think of the 73,000 Wideband net adds we had this quarter, about 14,000 came in the form of Signature Home customers, the rest being ala cartes. And we're also running other interesting promotions coupling Wideband with phone. We did a promotion this quarter of buy Wideband, get phone for free. And I think we're going to continue to experiment with things to see what strikes the right chord and get the product out in front of our customers. But the truth of the matter is, the incremental speed is really once awareness is achieved, largely selling itself among interested customers.
Robert D. Marcus: Well, we have -- there's 2 tiers of service that we classify in the Wideband realm because they're enabled by our DOCSIS 3.0 upgrades. So one is 30x5. We call that Extreme. And the other one is 50x5, and we call that Ultimate. It's -- I think the base is roughly 2/3, 30x5, and 1/3, 50x5, at this point. That's ballpark numbers.
Robert D. Marcus: Really, the decline in marketing spend, and I wouldn't get too hung up on the decline, I think the delta between this Q1 and last is about $5 million. And some of that has to do with some credits we received from some of our partners. So I think for all intents and purposes, we're spending more or less the same as we did last year. The real point here is we're spending more effectively and more efficiently. So the shift in spend is that we're spending more on broadcast, and frankly, on online e-tail bounties and less on things like print and radio and a little bit less in outdoor. So I think the simple answer is we're just spending our money, in my opinion, more effectively than we have in the past.
Robert D. Marcus: Look, the reality is we're operating in a competitive marketplace. And on the front end due to the promotional aggressiveness that we've executed in order to continue to capture share in this environment, customers are coming in at lower ARPUs than they previously did. And then on the other end of the Spectrum, given that our competitors are also aggressively promoting, the ARPUs of exiting customers have tended to be somewhat higher than they were previously. So there is a little bit happening on both ends.
Robert D. Marcus: That's not truly the name of the game. And we've been pretty good about rolling customers off of promotions. We spent a lot of energy and focus on it. I will say that one of the techniques we're implementing here is that our promotions of late have increasingly included value-added products and features like DVR, like premiums. And one of the things we're focused on which we've gotten pretty good early returns on is once we give the customers an opportunity to sample the value-added products, the magic, of course, is to converting them into paying customers, which generates more ARPU out of those incremental services. And so far, we're doing pretty well at that, so I think that's a promising opportunity for us.
