Thomas M. Rutledge: Craig, it's Tom. We still have a very rapidly growing, good business. And if you look at all these numbers, we're growing the company quickly. And, yes, the Video business has pressure in it and it has had pressure in it. We still think we can grow the Video business going forward and expect to grow the Video business going forward. And we expect to sell packaged products going forward, including data, mobility, landline voice, and video. And it's true that there are lots of pressures on the video bundle, the biggest pressure being price. The second biggest pressure, which also contributes to the price/value relationship, is that many programmers now are distributors, whether they know it or not, whether it's through TV Everywhere or direct-to-consumer streaming services. And because of password sharing and multiple-stream products to households that have – there are 35 million one-person households in the United States. So you have 10% of the population with almost 30% of the households. And multi-stream products being sold to those households allow consumers to purchase one product and share it among multiple users. That affects the price/value relationship of video in general, and that affects what people are subscribing to. And so there's an enormous pressure that comes out of the total price of content plus the availability of it for free that content is now being – I should restate that. There's an enormous ability for people to receive free content because of the way content distributors are securing their product so ineffectively. And as a result of that, I think you'll see continued pressure on video. But we expect that we can still grow a rich video package inside our product bundles, and we think we'll do that at the expense of our competitors, and we think that the general category will continue to decline slightly. But to your broader question about pricing, we're happy with the way we're pricing our packaging today. We're happy with the way we're pricing our single-product services today, and we think we have an excellent growth trajectory based on our pricing structure.
Thomas M. Rutledge: I guess we expect change. There's always change, but we don't think it's faster than we thought. We think that we're actually exactly on plan, where we planned to be in our acquisition model, and we're happy with where we are. We've actually made a very complex integration of very large companies, and we're growing those companies. And we're actually in better shape transactionally than we were in legacy Charter doing a similar kind of approach. And, yes, the markets move. Our data speeds continue to improve. Our video product can continue to improve on a relative basis, and our voice products and mobility products are new additions that didn't exist in prior iterations of this operating model. So, yes, markets move around. Competitive pressures change. We still think we have a very superior infrastructure relative to our competitors. We can use that infrastructure to be a high-quality competitor. Then we can move our mix of services and pricing and packaging around in an appropriate way to be responsive to the market and still grow rapidly.
Thomas M. Rutledge: The other thing that I would add. I mentioned in Craig's question, there's a lot of unsecured video out there, which is impacting the value relationship of video in a dramatic fashion. And you would think that people would be responsive to that that sell video, and so markets correct as well.
Thomas M. Rutledge: So your fundamental question about our pull-through of video is we are selling a rich package of video. We believe most consumers want as much video as they can get. Not everybody is paying for it, but people like lots of video. And we sell a high-quality video service on the increment to all new customers. So when you look at our programming expenses, a substantial piece of that is unit growth. We are actually growing customer relationships with high-quality, rich-featured, fully serviced and fully featured video products. We believe that those packages properly sold and properly contained within another value proposition, the whole customer relationship proposition that we make from a pricing impacting perspective, creates a more valuable, long-term, happier customer that creates value for us because of the length of that subscriber relationship. So that's our strategy. On the edges, we're selling packages that have more targeted, less full-service component features. But the bulk of consumers that are purchasing video from us are actually buying richer packages than they've historically received from the legacy companies that service them.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Just to clarify something that Chris said, we have turned the corner in terms of our operating strategy, which will produce future revenue growth in excess of current revenue growth. And the reason we've turned the corner and the way we know we've turned the corner is we have more sales than we had year over year and we have less disconnects. And that translates ultimately into more customers, higher quality of customers too through time that produce revenue and produce net gains as well. And so given the way we budgeted this business and the way we operate this business, it's almost exactly on the screws as to where we thought it would be.
Thomas M. Rutledge: We also said that we thought that these assets were in better shape than legacy Charter, and they are, and therefore we should have a little better performance.
Thomas M. Rutledge: But just in terms of preparing the company to be in that position requires some capital in excess of what normal capital expenditures in the business would require, going all-digital, freeing up spectrum, opening up additional spectrum for high-speed data to take speeds up, to improve product sets, to remain competitive, to differentiate on a speed basis from other wireline competitors, our data business. All of that requires investment, and it also requires repricing and repackaging of the business, which means that we have to shift customers out of existing rate structures into new rate structures, and do that in a way that doesn't cause our revenue to go backwards hopefully, and to do it in as revenue-neutral a way as we can possibly do it and continue to grow our customer base going forward so that we have long-run value propositions for the consumer. That costs money. And in order to get to a high-quality service operation, we're in-sourcing people, which means that we have to have costs associated with that while we stand up new buildings to house these people, while we train these people in duplicate with the offshoring costs that we currently have. As those people come online and become productive, costs drop away, EBITDA growth accelerates. But we're in a moment that was planned where we would make these capital investments and make these operating expense investments and repricing investments in order to put ourselves in a position to get the double-digit growth that Chris just spoke of and which we've produced in the past and the double-digit EBITDA growth. And so we are a high-growth company, and we're executing our plan as we envisioned it.
Thomas M. Rutledge: As part of that agreement, we said that we were going to work together to try to form a cooperative relationship to manage the Wi-Fi or to manage the MVNO that we jointly both share with Verizon. And we've made good headway with our relationship with them and we've learned a lot from them. And we have an opportunity together to run the business more effectively from a back-office perspective. And so we're looking forward to entering the wireless business by the second quarter of next year and being operational. We're doing field testing today with our own employees. We're also doing other kinds of wireless testing that is unrelated to this MVNO entry, but the learning that we've received from Comcast has been very helpful to our implementation strategy. And we share many of the same, if not all the same, vendors from an operational and provisioning and back-office infrastructure perspective. So we're using their experience today to make our experience and our customer service experience better.
Thomas M. Rutledge: I think there's the potential for something along those lines, but there's nothing to announce here today.
Thomas M. Rutledge: So, Ben, we have an existing Wi-Fi business, meaning that our data business is delivered by Wi-Fi. There are 200 million Wi-Fi devices currently connected to the Charter high-speed data plan physical infrastructure. So we operate small-cell high-capacity networks in homes today, which is what 5G envisions to be and some of the new spectrum that may become available envisions to be able to provide. We think that the Wi-Fi technology that we deploy will get better and allow us to take speeds up over 1-gig in the home with better control over those devices connected to the Wi-Fi network in the home. We think that the outdoor deployment of Wi-Fi will enhance our ability to reduce our MVNO costs as well as our ability to reduce those MVNO costs in the home. And we think that new services will come along, which will allow us to use the new spectrum in a mixed way using 5G technology. We think the mixed way, meaning a combination of licensed spectrum with Wi-Fi spectrum, and I called that jokingly 6G the other day. But we have an opportunity to use all of the tools at our disposal to create products that we think work on our network better than any other deployed network currently in existence. And so we think that there's a tremendous opportunity not just to have a MVNO and a mobile business, but to create new products in a fixed environment. And that may mean specific point-to-point products that allow us to get to buildings that we don't serve currently in a less expensive way. That's a simple across a parking lot for commercial services type deployment, but also to reaching unserved rural areas and also to creating brand-new products that don't even exist today that require high capacity, low latency, high-compute networks, what people think of as virtual reality products. So we're going down the path in investing in our network for a future that we see as very bright, which is high-capacity wireless attached to high-capacity wireline. And we have a pathway and a development pathway to get to 10-gig symmetrical on our wireless, Wi-Fi, and wireline networks, and we think we can get there relatively quickly. And when we do, a whole new set of products will become available on that technology platform that don't exist today, as well as all the existing products that we do have will work better.
Thomas M. Rutledge: Legacy Charter is the fastest growing piece we have in this business. And it has quarterly challenges year over year, including the hurricanes, including the fact that one of our biggest operations, many of our operations in legacy Charter were subsumed into legacy Time Warner operations. Like our LA footprint, for instance, had our second biggest operating platform go into a legacy Time Warner platform from a managerial point of view. So those transition issues affect our year-over-year growth, but our year-over-year growth is good in legacy Charter. And yes, there are some competitive changes that have occurred in the wireline business. AT&T has expanded its footprint that's consistent with its commitment to the FCC in the DIRECTV acquisition, and we've had to respond to that. But the general situation is that business is performing nicely. The change year over year isn't significant on a relative basis. And it's still performing better than any part of the company we have, and we expect that to continue. But some of the change that would have occurred in legacy Charter didn't occur because of the transition process. The user interfaces in Los Angeles, for instance, are still the old ones, and because of the integration issues we had to delay that. So generally, I would say that everything we expect out of legacy Charter is working. There are some additional competitive pressures, but in the grand scheme of things, it's pretty much on track.
Christopher L. Winfrey: Marci, I went back and looked through the past couple quarters what we've said on earnings calls as well as on the transcripts. In fact, the description that we gave of the model and the performance of the units and the performance of revenue as we get in the back half of this year and into 2018 and what we look like in 2019, and I wouldn't have changed any of it. I think it's all still the case, and I don't think the markets change that dramatically in such a short period of time.
Christopher L. Winfrey: Vijay, on the revenue, the biggest drivers in revenue are the really significant rate migration activity that we have going on at TWC and Bright House, and I gave the statistic. Over 40% of our customer base at TWC and Bright House has been migrated. If you take that over roughly 20 million customer relationships, that means 8 million rate, phone call, and in many cases equipment transactions taking place in the business (32:34). So that's the biggest driver in terms of the negative impact, and it's temporary in nature. The further we get on to the progress with that, the less impact it has. But the Mayweather fight also had a positive impact, so it's going the other direction. $50 million in the quarter is what I mentioned in the prepared remarks. And then the other impact that I also mentioned in the prepared remarks was the amount of political advertising that was in last year's third quarter, but the biggest driver being the first one that I mentioned.
Christopher L. Winfrey: Great. So if you go back and take a look at everything I said at recent investor conferences as well as on the call, what I said is the back half of this year subscriber net adds would improve. We're not through the back half. We're only through Q3. And we said we had turned the corner. We were either turned at the point where we had bottomed out and turned the corner or very close. That's specifically what I said at an investor conference, all of which is true. Our sales are up year over year, and we've mentioned that the TWC churn continued to be highly elevated, and the point at which that would subside was after we've crossed the 50% mark. So if somebody was reading in and wanted to look for monthly guidance, that's not how we operate, and we talk about things in terms of a longer-term timeframe. The back half of this year is going to be significantly improved. The revenue effects of that will continue through 2018. The benefits of the transactions, the operating and the transaction synergies, the next wave will fully flow through by 2019. And we're going to spend a lot of capital in the back half of this year, which I mentioned on those calls as well, and we're going to spend the capital next year too for all-digital. If you go back and take a look at the way that I described the business, it was ready for analysts to be able to put a model together, and we stand behind everything that we said and the optimism that was there. I think people are taking a look at it in too short of a timeframe. And that's never how we've talked about the business or the way that we operate it. As it relates to the balance sheet, because of all the things that I just said, we have a fundamental view on the value creation that's going to take place at Charter over time. We're not stock pickers. We don't understand the vagaries of the marketplace from day to day, and we have a fundamental view on what the long-term value creation of the company is going to be. It looked cheap then; it looks cheap now. I haven't looked today, but it's probably a little bit cheaper than it was. But at the end of the day, the value creation is going to be significant either way. And the capital markets are good. We have a full understanding of how mixed things could look for a period of time as they got through the operating integration that applied to Q2 results. It applies to Q3 results and probably still applies a little bit to Q4 results, although it continues to improve. And so it's a great opportunity and it's a good time for all those reasons, including the debt markets being available to go do everything that we've been doing.
Christopher L. Winfrey: Tom mentioned it in the prepared remarks. When you take a look at it from an EBITDA growth, it's performing better than what we did at legacy Charter. And we've said multiple times, when we did it at legacy Charter in 2012 and 2013, same comment. It's not going to be linear, it's going to be very choppy along the way. We know what to expect and have confidence, and that's why we've been buying back stock as well.
Christopher L. Winfrey: So it's a very smart way of asking for guidance. I give you credit, Jason. It's revolting (38:48). What we've said before remains the same is that the operating model that we have allows us to drive customer relationship growth in the, call it, 5%, 6%, 7% range, depending on the quarter and on an annualized basis. And with very little rate increase, that means that your revenue growth is going to be somewhere north of that. And that legacy Charter had demonstrated the ability to deliver double-digit EBITDA growth as a result of the operating strategy that we have that actually increases sales and reduces service calls and reduces churn, which creates further penetration on a fixed set of base and drives operating margin, leverage, operating leverage, and EBITDA margin. And none of that's changed. And so the type of things that we did at legacy Charter is exactly what we're doing here, and we expect the same type of results and even better because of the significant synergies that the scale of the three companies combined could potentially bring.
Christopher L. Winfrey: I think it's been now five years, four or five years. But if you go back and take a look at legacy Charter at this stage, EBITDA growth was zero, minus 1%, plus 1%. It was choppy then and it wasn't linear. And so we're at the point where we're seeing all of that and to be growing at 5% EBITDA growth throughout that. And we had a similar capital structure philosophy back then too. It all is consistent and just requires taking a look at it on an annual and multiyear view as opposed to a quarterly view.
Christopher L. Winfrey: Sure. Look, we're committed to the target leverage range of 4 to 4.5 times. And I won't lie to you, it's tempting if you see a big market opportunity open up but the credibility that we have in the debt capital markets is equally important to what we have with the equity capital markets. And we're not going to sit here and willy-nilly just start moving that around. So we're committed to the target leverage range that we have. It will move at the bottom end, as it has. It will move to the top end over time and then back depending on the strategic organic and inorganic opportunities that are in front of us. That's our target leverage range. We talked at length on multiple occasions about what are the factors that we look at that would cause us to alter that. None of that's the case. For TWC, I'll say also we've had the benefit of looking back at what I said in the past couple quarters. It's the same I said before, unlimited basic. The minute we get over 50% migration into Spectrum pricing and packaging, the weight of those declines starts to subside. And particularly as the sales continue to increase year over year, then the pressure really goes away. So that crossover point will be reached relatively fast. We're already starting to see, as you would expect, continued better sales, a better output from the base that's been migrated, and things from the legacy TWC perspective will just continue to get better from here. It's difficult to project the exact month or day that you'll cross over, but I think legacy Charter in terms of its migration path has been nearly spot-on in terms of how we're migrating this space and continues to serve as a good proxy in that regard.
