Arthur T. Minson: Sure. Ben, it's Artie. You are correct that Dodgers certainly had an impact on our revenue expectations for the year. The other places where, on revenue, we had different expectations were as it related to ad sales and I think, in particular, probably, national has been trending a little bit lighter than we expected. Local and regional continues to perform well. I would also say, while Residential volumes have been stronger than we anticipated, in year rate has been a little bit lighter than our initial budget expectations. I view that, that is a long-term positive, given the fact that those volumes will drive through '15 and '16 and beyond. But certainly, we're probably running a little bit light in rate. As it relates to your question on Maxx, I would say it's just a little bit early to have a full year impact on '14 revenue for Maxx. Really, what the Maxx investments are about are helping to drive performance beyond '14. Dinni, I don't know if you have anything to add.
Arthur T. Minson: It's Artie. We really don't break out that level of detail of revenue by geography. So I think I'll just leave it at our overall financial performance.
Arthur T. Minson: And I would just add on the margin question you had, the 2 biggest drivers of margin expansion from Q3 to Q4, you obviously have an increase in high-margin political advertising and you have the absence of Dodgers rights fees as we expense those over the baseball season.
Arthur T. Minson: Frank, it's Artie. I can help there. I would say that NaviSite continues to be a bit of a work in progress for us. I would say that it's probably at this point a drag on our overall business services growth. One of the things when Phil Meeks joined us this year was -- his focus of his was to revitalize growth in the NaviSite product, and we're seeing some progress there. But just to give you some overall context, I mean, NaviSite is probably 10% of our overall Business Services revenue, which is 10% of our overall company revenue. So it's pretty small. We do think there is an opportunity, and we've talked to Comcast about it by having an offering of NaviSite across their larger footprint, we do think that will be a benefit in the deal.
Dinesh C. Jain: No, I mean, we are just a couple of weeks away from finishing out the rollout in New York and L.A. and in Austin. All of that has gone really well. But as Artie said, the marketing machine for the Maxx benefits is just rolling out now, so it will really be in Q1 that we'll start to see the results.
Dinesh C. Jain: Yes, that's something -- Vijay, that's something that we started late in Q3 and early in Q4. And we're seeing some really early promising results for doing that. We do see that as a trend to come for us. So Comcast has been doing it for a while, and it's been successful for them, so.
Dinesh C. Jain: No. I mean, I think that, again, the outage occurred during a similar routine maintenance, and as Rob mentioned, there were a couple of human process errors there. We take these things very seriously, and it was unfortunate that it happened then. But I think it must've been a very slow news day that it got picked up that morning.
Robert D. Marcus: The only thing I'd add on the Maxx front, guys, is that we had started to see improvements in customer satisfaction and NPS with our high-speed data and video products in those markets. It hasn't yet translated into a discernible churn reduction, but it follows that, if customer satisfaction is higher, that will ultimately benefit our subscriber performance in those markets, which is the whole idea.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. So most of the initiatives we've engaged in over the last year or so have been focused on overall improved discipline in the way we attack acquisition and retention. And that's footprint wide. And I think we're making good progress on that. And I'll ask Dinni to comment on it when I'm done. But in terms of the Maxx markets, again, early days -- and the leading indicator is improved customer satisfaction. But it's too early to point to actual changes in subscriber performance related to that.
Robert D. Marcus: Okay. On WiFi, our -- the primary driver of the deployment of WiFi Hotspots has really been to enhance the value proposition of our HSD product as opposed to separately monetizing it. We do actually offer day passes to noncustomers to use our WiFi Hotspots. But that's not a big business certainly at this point, and it's not something we're focused on growing particularly. The idea is to improve coverage, increase the value of being a Time Warner HSD subscriber, and thereby, improve customer satisfaction, retention, acquisition, et cetera, and so we'll continue to do that. There has been conversation around whether or not there is a -- something more akin to a cellular replacement strategy. And that's something that is very much in the R&D phase as opposed to being on the near-term product road map. In terms of the over-the-top stuff, I can't -- I don't have a lot to say about the specific offerings from HBO and CBS. I'll make a few high-level comments. First is that we continue to believe that our video value proposition is a compelling one and especially with the improvements we're making in the guide and size of the VOD library and the continued improvements in the TWC TV App. We feel like we've got a very strong video offering. And we're not terribly concerned about others eating into that via over-the-top offerings. Second point I'd make is that for a long time now, we've been advocating a greater degree of flexibility in the way we deliver our video product to customers, whether that's in the form of time shifting or play-shifting or device flexibility or in fact, more flexibility around the packages we offer to customers. So to the extent that last week's announcements reflect an increased willingness on the part of programmers to embrace that kind of flexibility, we're kind of intrigued and we're more than prepared to work with programmers to deliver an even better video offering to our customers. And the last point, which I think is the one you were alluding to, is that we've always said that over-the-top video was the killer app for high-speed data. And offerings like the ones we've seen announced can only create more demand for a really robust HSD offering, and we fully intend to keep delivering the best possible HSD product. So net-net, I am kind of intrigued by the announcements, and I think they're fine for us.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, Rich, I think you nailed the biggest driver, which is simply the loss of video customers. And it is the case that our expanded base of customers, nondigital, do over index in terms of the sub-losses. So our DVR customers as a percentage of digital customers, in other words, customers that have a set-top box, has declined a little bit over the last probably year or so. But the biggest driver is absolutely loss of total video subs. I don't know, Dinni, if you want to comment any further on what's driving that, but I don't really have much to add to it.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. Look, we love the DVR business. It's been a source of a lot of revenue for us. And it's why we have recently rolled out a more compelling DVR offering in the form of the 6-tuner 1 terabyte storage DVR. And I think that as we roll out more advanced guides, including our companion apps, the control that customers will have over their -- how they manage their DVR should also make our offering more compelling. So it's something we're focused on, clearly, and we do like the business.
Robert D. Marcus: Impossible to know exactly what the path is going to be for incremental over-the-top offerings, Marci. But I'm not sure what you mean by a more definitive over-the-top -- a more definitive usage-based pricing model. For a while now, we've offered 2 separate tiers that are usage-based. We have no intention of abandoning an unlimited product we think that something that customers value and are willing to pay for. The way we've approached usage-based pricing is to offer it as an option for customers who prefer to pay less because they tend to use less. And we've made those available at 5 gigabytes per month and 30 gigabytes per month levels. And given that our median usage of broadband is in the 35 gigabytes per month zone, the 30 gigabyte tier is actually, if you are purely acting on economic rationality, a pretty compelling offering for a certain segment of our population. It's true that not many customers have taken it. I think that's a testament to the value they place on unlimited. But I'm not sure what we -- what it really means to be more definitive in the rollout of usage-based pricing. We've got it, and if customers want it, we're happy to sell it to them.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. I think that's a separate question from exactly how we implement usage-based pricing. Our view is, has always been, that usage-based pricing is not necessarily a source of revenue but -- a direct source of revenue, but rather a vehicle by which we can better match price with the value that an individual customer attributes to our service and that in turn could indirectly drive revenue, in that it can lead to happier, longer-tenured customers. But we haven't really viewed usage-based pricing quite the way you're postulating. I think there's a separate question as to whether or not we have the ability to offset video declines with HSD. I think it's fair to say we're very bullish on the HSD business and think we can continue to grow it based on both subscriber volume and incremental ARPU per HSD customer, and that comes via both rate and mix because we're seeing a positive mix shift and that's continuing. But I also -- look, we've never thrown in the towel on the video business, and we think we have an opportunity to grow that as well. So we're going to keep driving both businesses.
Robert D. Marcus: Since I was the only one who's here, I guess that's me. I think the issues we faced there were that we were digging out of a significant reputational hole. When we acquired those properties, they were both satellite strongholds and it takes a long time to change perceptions of cable in a market if the service experience of customers has not been favorable, and especially, if their competitors are strong there. And it's taken us quite a long time to work our way out of that. It's just a fact of life. So it highlights the need to develop a strong emotional connection with your customers. In markets like Upstate New York where we've owned them for a long period of time and had consistently really, really positive service, penetration still are the highest despite them not being the most economically robust markets. And success leads to success, so I think that's really the primary lesson that I took away. And when we did the -- when we did that Adelphia deal and the trades with Comcast related to that, I think we underestimated just how significant that reputational uphill battle was going to be.
Robert D. Marcus: So the markets that you highlighted are not actually systems that are going to Charter. The Carolinas will be part of Comcast post the deals. Our mid-West systems largely comprise the systems that will ultimately find their way to Charter. And at this point, those are not -- we haven't announced those markets as Maxx markets.
Robert D. Marcus: Here, I mean, we're already digitally inserting -- dynamically inserting adds on our traditional, for lack of a better term, VOD platform. And we're well along in having that be the case on our TWC TV App as well. It's becoming kind of table stakes.
Robert D. Marcus: Phone 2 Go, look, it's -- I'm excited about the product. It's a great value add for our phone product. There's not -- there are not a lot of tremendous innovations in the voice business these days. We've had great success by expanding the markets to which we offer unlimited calling at no additional charge, and that's been an innovation of sorts in terms of packaging. But in terms of the product set, Phone 2 Go is the first innovation I can think of in quite some time. It's pretty cool. It expands the flexibility of the product, and I think it will just increase the video -- the voice value proposition. So that's the way we think about that offering. In terms of the Dodgers situation, you can't necessarily draw a direct relation -- a causal relationship. But I will say that L.A., of all of our markets, had the best year-over-year video performance in Q3. So draw whatever conclusions you want from that. Obviously, as we approach the new baseball season, we'll be back in the market trying to cut distribution deals that we weren't able to cut this year. I don't think there's a meaningful change in our view on the -- our relationship with third-party RSNs from our experience here. We know from our viewership data that our Dodgers network got meaningful viewership during the season -- both in terms of percentage of customers watching the network and the amount of time that they watched the network. So I don't think our view of the value of that network is in any way diminished as a result of the affiliate sales experience we've had in season one.
Robert D. Marcus: I'll start and Artie will pick up on the margin question. In terms of investment in CPE, look, first of all, I'd point out that I think we deployed something like 1 million DOCSIS 3.0 modems in Q3, which is a portion of the CPE story and is very relevant to delivering faster HSD speeds, which I think are important for HSD customers generally, but certainly to the extent we're driving towards an IP-delivered model that's relevant. But I think where you're -- the issue you're getting at is one that the cable industry has faced many times in the past. We're talking about transitions, and even if we end up in a world over time that has customers bringing their own devices. And we're certainly believers in that model ultimately prevailing at least with respect to some customers. In the meantime, we've got a ton of video customers that continue to consume our product via leased set-top boxes. And we expect that, that will continue for a long time to come. And our vision is that those customers get the best possible experience while they are leasing our set-top boxes. So we want to replace nonperforming boxes, deploy DVRs that have greater capabilities and ensure we deliver a really great video experience. So it's really all about the transitions, but you can starve the business in the meanwhile.
Robert D. Marcus: I don't anticipate that being the case at all, no. I think that there is certainly a trend towards more HSD-only customers, and that's a trend that's existed for quite some time. I think if you look at the first 3 quarters of this year, we added something like 350,000 HSD-onlys that's about the same as the first 3 quarters of 2013. But -- and we have, I think, 3 million or so residential HSD-onlys now, maybe 3.1 million. It's going to continue to grow, but I don't think that's directly related in any way towards Maxx or towards the availability of higher speeds in the Maxx markets. I will say that to the extent customers do take our highest speed tiers in Maxx markets, even if they do so on an HSD-only basis, we kind of like that model.
Robert D. Marcus: Okay. The first question is -- t really requires us to speculate about where à la carte may go either because of market forces or regulation. And we've been talking about our view that enhanced flexibility in delivering packages to customers is probably a good thing for a long time now. I don't think I have much more to add on that. I honestly don't know exactly how things unfold. There certainly seems to be a trend toward products being offered on a less bundled basis, at least to the extent it's delivered online. And I think we all know that over time, this is one unified market, so it's hard to imagine that things stay status quo, but I can't tell you exactly how they change. In terms of the allocation of channels, I'm really not sure I understand the question. I mean, we offer a wide array of channels of varying types and differing ownership. We offer many channels that are independent channels, not owned by any of the programming conglomerates. And mostly, we're -- we conduct our programming negotiations with customer interests in mind. So I'm not sure what more to add in that.
Robert D. Marcus: Well, look, there's no question that your fundamental point which is that programmers that have more key channels along with other channels that may be less popular, they certainly have leverage to insist that we carry those other channels, even if we might not otherwise have been inclined to do so. The only good news, and there's costs associated with that, I would say that as we've expanded the capacity of our plant, our ability to carry more channels period has certainly grown, which does enable us to carry those other channels as well.
Robert D. Marcus: The other point I'll make more generally is that one of the things that Dinni is particularly focused on is overall outage reduction, both planned outage management and unplanned outage reduction. And I think that's an important part of delivering a really reliable service to our customers. We talk a lot about the front-end of customer service which is solving problems once they arise, but cutting them off at the pass and eliminating the issue in the first place is the best form of customer service. And we're very focused on that as an overall matter. In terms of the TWC TV App, the vast majority of usage is still in-home. And within that, I think we still see the iOS platform as being far and away the most significant one for TWC TV App usage, although growth in our Roku offering has been pretty meaningful over the last quarter or so. So over time, I think that usage will become more balanced in-home and out-of-home, but right now, in-home is still the predominant form of usage.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, I'll let you say that because I really do believe what I said earlier. Any comments about the coverage being overblown would suggest that we don't take it seriously, and that's just not the case.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. I think it's hard to know exactly how 4K will take hold. If the past is any guide, customers do have an insatiable thirst for better pictures, better sound. At this point, we recognize that it's on the horizon, and we'll ensure that our network is capable of delivering whatever new formats become available. There's a bit of a chicken and egg as there always is with new formats in that CE manufacturers hesitate to invest until there's content available and content guys hesitate to invest until there are customers that can actually view the content. So yes, you have the normal chicken and egg, but I suspect that we will ultimately see a far greater amount of 4K than we're currently seeing.
