Tom Rutledge: Thank you, Stefan. As I look at our current advanced offerings, our future product plans and the underpenetration of our network, we're well positioned to grow our business at very attractive rates for many years to come. During the quarter, we added 75,000 Internet customers. Customer relationship churn remains very low due to current consumer behavior. And while the lower year-over-year connect activity improved, connects remain challenged due to the low activity environment. We continue to see very strong mobile line growth with net additions of 396,000, our best quarter yet. Over the last year, we've grown our mobile lines by nearly 50% and as of the end of the quarter, we had nearly 4.7 million total mobile lines. Our opportunity in mobile is very large, and we're still at the beginning of developing that business. Today, we only captured 28% of the combined household spend on wireline and mobile connectivity within our footprint. So we remain significantly underpenetrated versus the opportunity in front of us. And we're delivering the fastest Internet and the fastest Wi-Fi speeds in the nation and the fastest mobile speeds when combined with Wi-Fi, all the while serving customers -- saving customers, I should say, thousands of dollars a year. Today, we have close to 500 million devices connected to our network, the vast majority of which are connected to us wirelessly. Ultimately, I expect that virtually all devices connected to our network will connect wirelessly. To continue to improve our services, we also remain focused on evolving our network to offer the fastest speeds in the most cost and time-efficient manner. Data usage continues to grow at a fast pace. Internet customers who do not buy traditional video from us use nearly 700 gigabytes per month. Nearly 25% of those customers use a terabyte or more of data per month. The downstream traffic still dominates usage at a ratio of 14:1 versus upstream traffic. In the near-term, we're implementing spectrum split upgrades, which expand our plant capacity bi-directionally and allow us to allocate more bandwidth to the upstream, all using our existing DOCSIS 3.1 infrastructure. In turn, we'll be able to offer our customers higher symmetrical speeds and multi-gigabit speeds in the downstream. Our network evolution path also includes DOCSIS 4.0, so we can maintain a state-of-the-art network that delivers the most compelling converged connectivity services in a capital and time-efficient manner and turn offer those advanced services to consumers at highly attractive prices. As you may know, I plan to step down as CEO on December 1st that time, Chris Winfrey will become our new CEO, and I will become Executive Chairman. It's been personally fulfilling to lead Charter over the last 10 years. We've grown our company through innovation and strategic investments that position Charter to provide the best connectivity products and services available today everywhere we operate. Our products have continually evolved and changed the world during my career from the carriage of broadcast signals when I began to the development of robust video and multi-channel cable networks. And from the early days of broadband, Internet and voice to now offering fully ubiquitous wireless connectivity, we continue to drive new uses for our networks to bring value to consumers and our opportunity to innovate and grow is greater today than ever before. Having worked closely with Chris for more than 10 years, I know that he's the right choice to be our next CEO. He will serve Charter with both vision and skill leading the company to new heights. Chris' leadership and expertise in both operations and finance have been pivotal to Charter's growth and success over the past 10 years. He's repeatedly demonstrated in a strategic insight in key market and industry awareness to drive our organization to perform at the highest levels. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Chris.
Tom Rutledge: Thanks, Doug. Yes, your memory is good. And I'll turn the answer over to Chris. But when triple-play was first announced, there was a lot of skepticism, and some people thought it was foolish, but it turned out to be quite successful.
Tom Rutledge: Yes, at a high level, Ben, on spectrum splits, what they essentially do is give you the opportunity to increase down speeds and upstream speeds significantly and to offer products symmetrically at pretty low capital cost. When we did DOCSIS 3.1, you remember, we spent about $9 a point past, not counting CPE, and -- which was $450 million approximately to get the plant ready. This is going to cost a little more than that, but it's still a relatively low-cost capital investment that gives you a significant increase in capacity. And it leaves you in a pathway where you can continue to invest with additional technologies, including DOCSIS 4.0 to even further enhance the capability of the network at a pretty capital-efficient way that gives you massive capacity and moves us to the 10G world we've been talking about over time. And as a general concept, it takes away additional operating costs as well and additional capital cost when you make these investments because the augmentation in the network that you have to do for growth, I talked in my prepared remarks about how much capacity people are using that capacity use continues to go up. So, this -- and we have a normal capital budget associated with that growth in capacity. And when you do these spectrum split upgrades, you get that capacity included with that investment. So, you don't have to make the augmentation investment. So, it's a very efficient way of ubiquitously deploying lots of capability across your entire footprint. And I think the cable industry, in general, will have that capacity across its entire footprint very relatively quickly.
Tom Rutledge: There's a lot in those in that question. First, with regard to my timing, actually, two years ago, put in my contract that on August 15th of this year, I would have an option in my employment agreement to begin the process of transitioning to Executive Chairman and giving up the CEO role. I chose that date two years ago, because it was the 50th anniversary of my beginning in cable as a technician working my way through college in 1972. So I have personal meaning to me, and I thought it was a milestone a couple of years ago that I might want to exercise. And then the other thought I had was at the end of this Executive Chairmanship, I'd be 70 years old, and I thought well, maybe I should think about not working after that age. But on the other hand, I was -- I love this business and I love what the future is for this business, and there's tremendous opportunity. And I want to see it through, but it's going to -- it's just such a good business and it's going to go on so long that it's time to pass at the time. So that's how I came to the decision. To your broadband cost questions, yeah, there are cost issues and we've had to deal with those costs and they're in our numbers. In this quarter, you can see that there's some inflationary pressure out there, and there have been labor force dislocations as a result of COVID and the economic policies that the country employed to deal with it. And they're significant, but we've -- our strategy from a pricing and packaging perspective is to be the value provider and to make these products work together at lower prices and create good value for consumers and to use our ability to drive market share as the primary driver of our revenue, but that said, we have been passing through video price increases, and we've passed through recently a broadband price increase and it was a result of the inflationary pressures that we've seen. At the same time, it doesn't negate the way our primary revenue opportunity is developing, which is to create more customers faster and to create those customers with more products associated with each connection so that our ARPU and the revenue go up together. And that's the primary driver of our revenue strategy. Our cost strategy though is real, and we are working in RDOF to develop we have had higher costs than we anticipated, but we've also had more success than we anticipated in terms of both penetration and the number of passings that we can develop off of the RDOF projects that we've built. So net-net, our cost is what we thought it would be on a per passing basis. But it does create pressure and difficulty for people to attract labor and to get things done. And so we're having issues ourselves with supply chain and the development of a workforce and how we do the work and what order we do work is being impacted by the labor market and the supply market. So I do think the cost of money and the cost of labor and the cost of everything will affect our competitors' ability to build as well.
Tom Rutledge: Yes. And I guess I would just add that that opportunity for our ability to continue to grow against the market share is significant. I said in my prepared remarks that we're 28% penetrated in terms of dollar takeout of consumer spend for mobile and for broadband combined. And so we have this big physical infrastructure where every customer we connect to it requires no real significant capital. And the opportunity for us to drive growth using that network with superior products at attractive prices is huge and the dollar value of what's in front of us is huge. And so that's the big opportunity in our structure. And it really hasn't changed. The fact that, we have mobility associated with our broadband products now and a combined product really means that you have very high-priced mobile products with very small usage on a bandwidth basis, and we can add those into our product mix very attractively for consumers. And when we look at what consumers are spending, we can save those consumers a lot of money. So that's the basic concept. And it hasn't changed. And what has changed is the technologies we're using and the product sets and how they're combined, but the basic notion of there's a huge marketplace with a lot of spend in it, and we're not getting much of it, and we'd like to get more, and we will.
Tom Rutledge: Peter, to the first part of your question, I'd say yes we expect to be able to pull the broadband growth through. It's a complicated sale, obviously, but yes.
Tom Rutledge: Yes. And in many cases, we disconnect the video customer downgraded video customer and sell a mobile package at the same time. And they actually end up saving money, obviously, because they have no video or they buy a smaller video package from us in many cases. But they also end up driving ARPU up in the sense that they buy mobile and that mobile is a good value for them. Their overall hospital spend savings -- it is a savings.
Tom Rutledge: I'll try to answer that. I've been through a lot of recessions in my career. And I have a hard time remembering them because our business performed so well during them. And the reason is that our products are really attractive even when consumers are under stress. Obviously, there's a certain amount of stress that you can't overcome. And video, I think, will be challenged. But on the other hand, it's a very attractive product if you're unemployed. And it's still, even at the high price that it is a, good value relative to other forms of entertainment. So – but the reality is that in a recessionary environment when people become more price-sensitive, the value proposition that we offer with our everyday pricing is superior to what they can get elsewhere, which means that we actually become more attractive when people are more conscious of the price they're paying for other products. And so I'm not that worried about a recession from our company's perspective.
Tom Rutledge: The way I would -- if there were price issues with broadband, you'd see broadband disconnects, and they're at historic lows.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Tom, and thanks for the kind words. I'm both honored and excited about the opportunity to continue to help Charter grow and to create shareholder value as the incoming CEO. It has also been a privilege for all of us here at Charter to work for and learn from Tom over the past 10 years. His leadership is the reason Charter exists as it does today, and he's mentored all of us here to keep reinventing cable and we're fortunate that he'll continue to do the same as our Executive Chairman. So Tom covered the quarterly headlines, so I thought I'd give some additional market color. While our Internet net additions improved from last quarter, they remained below last year. The largest driver by far is that activity level remains low. Total churn and voluntary churn were slightly lower year-over-year and were at all-time lows for third quarter. Non-pay and move churn remains well-below pre-pandemic levels. Those are market issues that also reduce our selling opportunities. While we've seen some improving trends, gross additions also remain down across the footprint by similar amounts in both overbuild and non-overbuild areas, similar to what we've seen in the past few quarters. In terms of competitive impact, some of the lower gross additions we see probably relate to DSL conversion going to a new entrant, fixed wireless instead of coming to us. Given the issues with fixed wireless product reliability and scalability and usage trends, we expect those customers to find their way back to us over the long-term. We've also seen a similar pace of fiber reported telco Internet numbers confirm what we saw, a small mix issue from newly overbuilt footprint, no different from the past. I would also note that we've seen a small amount of market share return to mobile-only service over the past several quarters, the reversal of some COVID effects. So we're in a unique moment, the opposite of the one we saw in 2020 and early 2021, in fact. Market transaction volume will eventually pick up, and so will our Internet net adds. In the meantime, we're growing mobile at record rates, even in a low volume environment by saving customers thousands of dollars. That growth is also good for broadband. So we remain well positioned. Our fixed and mobile broadband services continue to converge technically and operationally, and our Spectrum 1 offering launched earlier this month exemplifies that. As Tom mentioned, we have a path to drive significantly higher speeds, at a much faster pace and at much lower cost than our competitors. And we can sustain good revenue growth, lower cost of service per customer relationship for many years. I've been in the cable industry for almost 25 years and at Charter for over 10 years. And I've played a key role in developing our operating strategy. So our recipe for creating shareholder value through better products, pricing and packaging and service, coupled with a levered equity return strategy will remain intact. At the same time, I do think, the CEO transition will be a good opportunity for us, both in this market and with the transition taking place to update investors on what I expect over the next few years, including details of our network evolution plan, convergence capabilities, service experience for customers and our rural expansion and build-out plans. That's a lot to cover, so I look forward to a virtual event with the investment community that we'll schedule for a date, following the CEO transition in December. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jessica.
Chris Winfrey: So I think there's -- similarly, maybe a little confusion out there about what Spectrum One is. And really, it's our first attempt and it may evolve over time. But Spectrum One packages seamless connectivity with our products, and they all work better together. It's offered at a first year promotional price. And as a result, our pricing of the underlying products, whether that's Internet, advanced WiFi and mobile, it has not changed. Even after that promotional period, Spectrum One creates values for customers in a way that our competitors really can't replicate. It's pretty similar to what was the design of Tom's original triple-play. And we also attach additional products or mobile lines to that promotional sell-in. So contrary to what I think is maybe a fear. We have not lowered our pricing in the marketplace, nor do we believe that we need to. Doug, on strategy shift, I mean, in the prepared remarks, I wanted to be clear, because I understand that's out there as well. I've been a player in developing our operating strategy here with Tom and John Bickham and others over the past decade. And just because somebody gives you a new title doesn't mean that your view on fundamentally how to create shareholder value changes overnight. So I'm pretty committed to all things that we're doing today in terms of our strategy around products, pricing, package, service. As I mentioned, our capital structure, obviously had a little bit of a hand in that as well in our balance sheet and M&A strategy. So I don't expect any seismic shifts. I've always thought that if we were going to do something anyway in terms of capital, might as well go get after it, so you can grow faster. And so, if there's opportunities to accelerate what we're already doing, we'll do that. But I don't think people should expect any fundamental changes and views on how we operate the business or how we create value for shareholders.
Chris Winfrey: So, two quick things, and then I'm going to pass it over to Jessica. On Spectrum One, we didn't launch that until October. So it had no impact on our Q3 results. And on your question regarding high split, we're going to go into lots of detail in December. So, I'm going to try to be quiet today around all that. There's nothing shocking. I think Tom and others may elaborate on the benefits of high spot, but we'll give a more detailed plan in December. The question is on the mobile. I'm going to hand that over to Jessica around the financials on mobile and she can go through that.
Chris Winfrey: I'll take the first one. I think Jessica mentioned in her prepared remarks, our view on core capital intensity in terms of outlook and she wouldn't have said that if we didn't collectively believe that was the case now and going forward. She mentioned excluding rural and that there may be some lumpiness as it relates to the timing of exactly how you get high split in supply chain and inventory and all that. But the core capital intensity continues to decline.  The leverage target, I've heard that rumor out in the marketplace. I find it a little bit funny because I've been at 4.5x since Switzerland since Germany since Charter, 4.5x and had a levered equity strategy for a really long time, probably over 20 years, and I helped put that together here at Charter and we have good growth. And the interest rates aren't all that different. In fact, it probably less for us as Charter today than when I got here at Charter. So, our views on how to create value through the operating strategy and how to pair that with the balance sheet and M&A strategy and a levered equity strategy, that hasn't changed.  And I mentioned the same thing in the prepared remarks is while we're on the topic, I know one of the other topics out there and I think Doug was going, there's -- do I believe that we need to do a fiber overbuild for our entire network. No, I don't think it makes a lot of sense to have operate two networks, which is what a lot of the overbuilders have had to do when they got into it. We have a really good path forward. It doesn't mean that we don't do fiber, we do fiber on the increment. There may be portions of the network longer term that we decide it's economical to do that. But for the most part and in fact, in its entirety the path that Tom laid out is the path that we're on. And we're not – I don't see any reason why want to go to a full fiber for build of perfectly otherwise good network that can be upgraded and dramatically lower cost and have the same capabilities.
Chris Winfrey: I'll jump in first. We haven't changed sorry, I just wanted to correct that I said we haven't lowered our pricing. Tom mentioned that we have passed through some of the inflationary cost increases, and that includes broadband should be indicative in terms of how you're thinking about that. And then on the fixed lines, I'm just throwing in a few pieces here and let others cover the rest. The fixed wireless access, the pricing really is designed for a full suite bundle of multiple mobile lines, and in some cases, high-priced mobile lines combined with the access. So I think the right comparison is if you take a look at our existing pricing in September with both broadband and mobile lines, because that's a comparable comparison. We're now with Spectrum One and compare that to the combined fixed wireless access offering. I think that's the best way to take a look at it. When you do that, you'll see that we're dramatically not only lower in terms of price and higher in terms of value, but the quality of the product is not really comparable. But I think that's the right way to think about those.
Chris Winfrey: You mentioned Spectrum One solution to the broadband growth issue we have right now. And I think it could be additive, but it's not the solution. The problem right now is market activity. And I know that's not the fashionable thing to say right now. But the biggest problem we face is market activity. And when that comes back, I think that's the solution to the broadband growth. And the Spectrum One has the opportunity, as Tom said, to drive incremental Internet growth. As well as still today, the biggest source of mobile growth is by far the upgrades to our existing Internet base, which should benefit that base as well.
Chris Winfrey: Cord cutting, the biggest driver here is the pricing of video. And the fact that we're having to pass through programming rate increases, which still continue to be outsized even relative to inflation means that customers have a difficulty affording it even if it's really something that they'd like to have. And so yes, it predominantly is driving downgrades of video.
Chris Winfrey: On broadband, it's a staple product, which insulated during that. But unlike many, we have not been pushing speed upgrades for the purpose of just generating rate. It's really been about when a customer wants a higher speed or feels they need a higher speed. That's when it's been offered and it's been offered at an attractive rate. And so the risk of the downgrade of the speed upgrades, I think, is mitigated with us because we haven't artificially driven that into the base.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. So, mobile EBITDA losses remained due to a few things. The first one, I'm sure you saw this is our best quarter yet for mobile growth, and we continue to have additional sort of customer acquisition costs because of that, that weigh on mobile EBITDA. Also, we did see both in mobile and in the cable side increases in bad debt in the year-over-year. And so there's some of that that's impacting mobile EBITDA. And we did implement a new system earlier in the year. I think Tom has talked about it. And we're still sort of working through the last of the costs related to having implemented that system. And so there's a little weight there that I think will come down as we settle in a bit more. But the key here is that you should know that gross margin in the mobile product continues to be very good. And as Chris mentioned, Spectrum One, while it offers a promotional price on mobile, we're both selling additional lines in with that promotional offer and at our rack rate, which that rolls to in 12 months, we make very solid margins off of the mobile business. And because of that, we remain will remain profitable in that business absent the growth cost even with the promotional pricing to drive overall customer relationships.
Jessica Fischer: And I think given what we've seen in the field implementations that have happened so far, our confidence in the capital efficiency of the implementation as well as our ability to do it at speed have both grown versus even, I would say, where we were last quarter or the quarter before. So very good progress and what we've seen both in the field and from the supplier community as to how that upgrade will be able to be executed in.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. The advantage that we have there against many of them is scale. So certainly, when it comes to being able to acquire and then to move supply around the areas where we're ready and most able to build. I think that we have -- we continue to have a very good ability to do that. And really on the cost of capital side, the advantage that we have is a large amount of free cash flow that we're able to deploy really what's a relatively small portion of to execute on these builds. So we're not as beholden to borrowing on a regular basis to fund our builds as some others in the market are. So I think we continue to be well positioned. The rural builds are actually performing at least as well or actually better than we expected. And from a financial perspective, I'm still confident in where we are on the returns that we had said that we would have against those belts.
Jessica Fischer: On the rural side, I guess on your first question, the contribution to broadband subs. Certainly, we are seeing broadband subs coming in off of the rural build that we're executing already. I think I've said that we will start providing some more detailed information about femoral build and we weren't quite to do that this quarter. But I would expect coming into year-end that will provide some better information. It's not the entire growth in broadband.  So the growth that you see, the 75,000 additions reflects growth off of our legacy footprint as well as some – a smaller amount of incremental growth off of the broadband subs. But we are doing very well in those markets that we build out. As far as thinking about how you should think about rural for next year, I don't want to front run giving guidance on that piece just yet.  I would tell you that I think what we did in this year to try to accelerate, walk out and design is certainly in an effort to be able to build the rural builds at a good pace, which I think is both consistent with what strategically we'd like to do because having the passings and service sooner than later is good for the business.  And from a regulatory perspective, we are certainly doing everything that we can to meet expectations on that side as well and in placing the build in service. But I don't, on that basis sort of have a number to give you for next year. I'd just tell you that I would expect our pace to continue to be strong because we're trying to build what we need to build as quickly as we're able to do so.
Jessica Fischer: And I guess, in terms of how that then translates into EBITDA trajectory, Jonathan, I don't think it will come as a surprise to anyone that based on the lower broadband customer growth that we've had over the last year, really coming out of the really accelerated growth in those customers and we pull forward during COVID will mean that we had kind of higher revenue growth followed by what's likely to be somewhat lower revenue growth versus that COVID time period. But I think based on what Tom talked about that then as we sort of execute on the converge connectivity plan and as we see it return to normalcy in the market, we certainly expect that in the medium to long-term, that that will pick up back-up and so that you will have that increasing revenue growth again. Similarly on the expense side, we certainly have seen some impact, and I think we called out some of the impact of inflation in the financials in Q3. But we think that, that sort of once again sort of, is it temporary crunch on growth that is consistent with what people had what we think that people expect. But it will be followed by a return to more normal levels. And so ultimately, in the medium and long term, I think that the trajectory of EBITDA growth is back closer to pre-pandemic levels. But I acknowledge that, I think that, there could be a little bit of slowness in that growth in the short term.
Jessica Fischer: So I'll take the last one of those first. There was some impact of the EBB to ACP conversion on broadband in the quarter. It was much smaller than it was last quarter, and we expect it to be much smaller going forward. So I don't think we'll call it out at all separately. And I would call Internet ARPU growth in the year-over-year. Overall ARPU was flat, but Internet ARPU was up 2.2%. If you included mobile and overall ARPU, it would have been up $1.60 versus last year. So we think that there is ARPU growth happening in the market, really largely driven by mix issues and by our ability to penetrate the market further on the mobile side, driving additional, I'd say, real growth of the business beyond just what you can get from a pricing perspective. So we feel like we're doing well there. I don't think that we'll give guidance on what ARPU growth we expect going forward, but that’s what we are seeing now.
Jessica Fischer: On sequential growth, I guess, I would point out a couple of things. One, I highlighted in the prepared remarks, which was that the growth that we saw in Q2 was impacted by pricing adjustments that we had taken for video pass-through. And the way that those overlap year-over-year, you actually had the impact of two in the second quarter versus only one in the third quarter. So that's part of what was happening there. They're also in enterprise, commercial. There was a one-time item that was a benefit in last year that you don't have in this year that pressured those growth rates in the year-over-year or in the sequential quarter. So some of what you're seeing there is just the impact of lumpiness, not overall growth trajectory. On the leverage point, I would say that where we're sitting right now, the free cash flow yield on equity is so high that I think that continuing to do share buybacks presents significant opportunity for the company, just based on where we're sitting on that point. And the overall capital structure, I think, has been an advantage to the company in the long-term. And so I don't see where we are even in what might be a temporarily pressured growth environment as being a reason to move off of where we've been from a leverage standpoint or as your buyback strategy? And so consistent with what I said, we certainly expect to stay at the top of our four to four and a half times leverage ratio.
Jessica Fischer: So, on the debt repurchase question, I also have noticed that our debt is trading at a discount in the market. We do modeling consistently as to what we think the best option as between the two is, particularly given our plans to stay at the top end of our leverage range. And so I won't comment on anything in particular that we plan to do. But we do certainly notice it. And we'll continue to do our modeling, and we'll make the next decision based on what appears appropriate given where the market sits at that moment.
Jessica Fischer: And there might be some impacts that you would see in a space like advertising enterprise. But the performance that we could get in mobile, particularly given our pricing there would be good. And even if it had video downgrades on the other side, the margins in mobile are actually better than the margins in the video. So you get some advantage of more customers moving into the mobile side of the business as well.
Jessica Fischer: I mean I think we've said that the issue in broadband is activity. It hasn't been that there's additional price sensitivity. It's just that there's not a lot of movement in the market overall. And so I don't think that, that scenario is significantly different than what it's been before. We've always competed all across our footprint, and we continue to do that today. And the price sensitivity of that competition is not significantly different than it was in the past. Price has always been important and continues to be important. And that's why having packages that provide value to consumer helps us to grow subscribers and has helped us over time to grow subscribers at a faster pace than our competitors.
