Glenn Britt: Craig, this is Glenn. I'll take both of those. First of all, on usage-based pricing, I think I've been pretty consistent over several years on that. The good thing about broadband is that the usage is growing very rapidly as it has ever since we started the business in 1996. So people are finding it more useful. They're doing different things that make their lives better. That has, and will over time, require incremental investment by all of the infrastructure providers. And I think that implies that over time, as speeds get faster and faster and what have you, that there'll be upwards pressure on prices. I think a corollary of that is there is clearly a distribution in how people use the Internet. Some use it a lot more, some use it a lot less. And I think you're going to see over time that people who use it less will desire and expect to pay less than people who use it more. For our part, obviously, we paid attention to the announcements by the SEC. We're watching the market, and you are seeing in the wireless space, the beginnings of volume-based pricing. So we'll keep touching that and stay tuned. On wireless, again, I think we've been pretty consistent. We are basically exploring whether packaging wireless data with our Wireline offerings is something that consumers want and if there's a formula that people want. So we're trying different models, different products, what have you. And to date, I would say our results are not very impressive and pretty inconclusive. So we're going to stick with that for a while. We're trying to spend not too much money while we're doing it. So that's basically what we're up to.
Glenn Britt: Well, let me deal with the first one, and then Rob can answer the second. There's been a lot of reading about Internet backbone economics recently in CDNs. And I think there's a lot of confusion about it. And quite frankly, the way that the economics of the money back and fourth is pretty arcane. But I think to simplify it, just start with the idea of the Internet is a collection of a bunch of privately-owned networks that are interconnected using standards. That's all it is, there's nothing -- the Internet per se doesn't exist. It's a collection of things. So each of these private networks generates traffic and receives traffic, and has different negotiated relationships with the people that it interconnects with. In general, if somebody is handing off and receiving roughly equivalent amounts of traffic, there's also an agreement not to charge because the bookkeeping is more expensive than what it's worth. But usually, if the traffic is out of balance, then whoever is delivering more traffic pays the other party. Again, I'm making broad generalizations. So that's how it works. And in the world of telecom, that's quite common, and that's how it's worked for many, many years. So there's nothing really new here other than people were delving into it in public more than they have before.
Glenn Britt: I don't know if it's substantial. Again, the other interesting thing about it is the amounts of money that change hands in this whole space are pretty small. So it's something, but I would not say it's material or a big deal. And quite frankly, the fuss that's been made about it in the press is way overblown relative to the dollars involved.
Glenn Britt: Sure, let me take the second one, and I'll refer the first one back to Rob. If you step way back from all of this, the only reason we have set-top boxes is that there are a vast array of TV receivers in place in people's homes. And most of them, historically, can't receive and display all of our services because they don't really have any intelligence. They're just display devices. And they receive all different -- they use all different standards and they have different kinds of input places and what have you. So the only reason we have set-top boxes is to make sure that our services can be displayed. So the set-top boxes have intelligence, they can do things like display program guides, and they can also decrypt signals that are encrypted for piracy protection. What we are seeing is a new generation of consumer electronics devices that have intelligence in them. And I think that's just going to get more and more as we go forward. That's number one. And number two, they are standardizing around a series of hardware inputs and around Internet Protocol, which is nothing but a bunch of standards. So that means that we can deliver television to those devices and deliver new innovative user interfaces that can be changed rapidly using these standards, so in effect, you get rid of the need for a set-top box, which we would just as soon not have in the first place. I think that we demonstrated this at CES. So couple of consumer benefits. One is, all of these devices, and there's an array of them, it's not just TVs, but it's tablets like the iPad and the Galaxy Tablet and so on. Blu-ray players now have this intelligence in them. So you're beginning to see, you can see video on any video display in the home. And all we have to do is simulcast using IP standards, just like we simulcast on analog and paid digital today. And then, we need to be able to redo our user interface very rapidly, which we can using our IP Internet kind of standard. So I think this is a win-win for the consumer. And for us, over a very long time period, as these devices replace all of the TVs that are in people's homes today, which is obviously a couple of decades at the minimum. But over a very long time period, we may be able to not have set-tops at all. And that means a less capital-intensive business, fewer service goals and happier consumers. So I think this is all good.
Glenn Britt: Sure. I think as whenever there's a lot of new technology running around, there's always a lot of confusion on all sides. So I think everybody in this space is a little confused about what's going to happen including consumers and companies, investors, et cetera. I actually think -- and we go through waves of this and we certainly went through one in the late '90s, and everybody gets enamored with new things. I think it is useful to step back and think about it all on a common sense way. So if you think about all forms of media, they are delivered in some physical way, going back to movies and movie theaters. And historically, those two -- the retailer sort of bundled together the content and the physicality. You don't go to a movie theater and pay one price to rent the seat and another one to buy the movie. You buy a ticket and you get both. So all of the things you're talking about are really attempts to separate the sale of content from the sale of the physical infrastructure. You need both. You can't survive without both. And really, what's happening is you're creating new middleman in a business that if you start at the production level, there's already a whole lot of middlemen. And I think the question is whether there is any real value added there by creating yet a new group of middlemen. And maybe all they have is better user interfaces, which is why we're addressing that. So I think it's all very alluring, but I think when you step back and say what's really going on here? Is there any real value being created? And therefore, is it sustainable? I think it's pretty questionable. So we'll see how it plays out, again, uses our infrastructure. So it's not a horrible thing for us at the end of today.
Glenn Britt: Let me do the Netflix thing, and then Rob can do the margin question. I think it's dangerous to be too specific about a given company. But since you drove me into this, yes, Netflix started with a very clever model built on the first-sale doctrine. So I think most of you are familiar with that. But essentially, if you buy a DVD under the first-sale doctrine, you can rent it as many times as you physically can without paying for it again. So they're using a very clever interface on the web and the first-sale doctrine and the power of subscriptions, which we all know about. They built a wonderful business, which they now are trying to extend into online. And then the online part of that, what I said before, they have a wonderful interface, which anybody can hire a bunch of web designers and do that. I question what the ultimate value of that, what's the value add of what they're doing. So I'll stop with that.
Glenn Britt: Jessica, I'll start with the TV Everywhere question. We have launched with the ESPN product, and I think I see TV Everywhere from the distributor view point as just a piece of offering services that are more flexible and give consumers more control. Meaning, that they get to see their video on every device and whenever they want and they have access to ever broader announced material. TV Everywhere is really directed at viewing over the Internet outside of the home. And in order to do that, we need to negotiate with all the rights holders. So we're engaged in doing that. I think there's been a lot of confusion about it. And there'll be more to come. And I know other distributors have made deals with different people than we have. So it's underway, but it's not quite there yet. The technology is not an issue, by the way. Rob, do you want to...
Glenn Britt: Let me deal with the last one, and then on the capital spending issue, there is a lot of moving pieces there, so I'm going to let Rob deal with that one. The answer to the question about the CE devices is that right now, we purchase the rights from the content companies to distribute programming inside our cable footprint. So that's what we're talking about doing. Clearly, as I think a couple of people pointed out earlier, this technology allows you to distribute beyond somebody's footprint over the public Internet. But that's quite different than what we're doing. We're using Internet standards, but we're using it within our cable system, and it's not the public Internet.
Glenn Britt: Those are all good questions, and it's really too early to address -- it's not too early to address them, but it's really too early to talk about it. We're testing this in two markets, in New York and in Northeast Ohio. The tests are not that old at this point, so stay tuned. We'll report back when we have more data.
Robert Marcus: Craig, on the AWS spectrum, we have no current plans to divest of the spectrum or otherwise monetize it. And at this moment in time, we don't have specific plans to utilize it either. What I will say is that notwithstanding all that, we're always keeping our eye on what the market for spectrum is, and I would note the recent AT&T acquisition of the media flow spectrum from QUALCOMM, and I think the price was somewhere in the mid-$0.80 per megahertz pop, which is a pretty healthy number and certainly, more than what we paid for the AWS spectrum. And I would concede it's not exactly comparable spectrum, but I think it certainly bodes well for the value of what we're holding.
Robert Marcus: Yes, Jason, I think that what you're reacting to are some adjustments we made to our subscriber metrics in the quarter. In fact, bundled subs increased in the quarter and Single Play subs declined. The reason in the trending schedule as you might see that the percentage didn't increase is that we adjusted our sub-numbers, and this doesn't flow through the net add calculation, just affects the pending subs. But we decreased the number of Triple Play subs and increased our customer relationships, so both the numerator and denominator resulted in a lower-bundled percentage. But that's not reflective of activity in the quarter. As part of our consolidation into two regions, we're doing some work to standardize our subscriber counting methodologies and work to standardize across various instances of our billing systems, and that resulted in the adjustments to the sub counts . But it's really not reflective of what's going on organically in the business. Bundles continue to increase.
Robert Marcus: Rich, on the two other questions you asked, the answer is yes, we're talking about double-digit free cash flow growth over the $2,284 that we disclosed for 2010. And as for Digital Video subscribers, while we haven't been proactively placing as much emphasis on digital recently, we added 6,000 digital customers. So we're not trying to be secretive about it in any way. It's just with certain markets becoming all-digital, it's just a less relevant number.
Robert Marcus: John, on the buyback question, I'm going to more or less say what I said on the third quarter call, when we announced the original authorization. We're going to disclose what we bought in each quarter in hindsight, but we're really not going to say much about going forward purchasing plans, except to say that the guiding principle here is managing the balance sheet to 3.25x, and that continues to be the driver.
Robert Marcus: Doug, on margins, I'm not going to be too specific about 2011 margins, I think you shouldn't expect any material deviation from what we have experienced over the last couple of years, and I'm certainly not going to get into quarter-by-quarter margins. I think you know the puts and takes and what flows in when and can probably draw the right conclusions.
Robert Marcus: Yes, on data subs, I'm not sure I would agree, Jessica, with the characterization of the data net adds as soft. We did add another 94,000 units, comparing them to Verizon's HSD net adds yesterday, I think we were about twice as many on a footprint-adjusted basis, haven't had a chance to digest the AT&T numbers yet, but at least with respect to what we had through yesterday, performing comparatively well. And we did that well improving the mix and improving the ARPU. So we feel pretty good about HSD. In terms of your comment about extrapolating from my comments on January, I would counsel against that. While the comment I made about January looking like January of last year applies to all of the PSUs. Again, I would mention that, really, most of the net add activity last year was in February and March. So I think we have to wait for the months to play out.
Robert Marcus: Laura, on the CapEx point, I agree with your takeaway. Not surprisingly, we've been investing in the Commercial business for the last couple of years fairly heavily, and we're now really starting to see the benefits of that investment. And as with any business that sort of has been an investment cycle. Once you start to generate revenue from the investments that you've made, you see a more favorable relationship between returns in the capital you're spending. So I think your takeaway is 100% spot on.
Robert Marcus: I actually thought you were talking relatively speaking commercial against commercial. The returns on commercial, I've mentioned this before, the margins on the Commercial business are better. The capital profile is a little bit different. But on balance, I think your second point, which is that commercial returns on capital are better than residential are also accurate. I'm not going to give you a multiple.
Robert Marcus: Okay, so on HSD price increases, first of all, I would mention that the ARPU improvement in residential HSD in particular is the product of two phenomena, one is the price increases, the other is that we are seeing improved mix in our HSD subscriber base towards the higher speed tiers, which generate more revenue dollars. On price increases, I think Glenn hit this in various of his comments. But as customers continue to use HSD for more bandwidth-intensive applications and require more and more speed and place a greater value in short on what it is we're offering, it stands to reason that, that value will correlate with their willingness to pay more for the service. So we feel that, that should drive an ability to increase prices going forward. With respect to voice, the process by which we migrate away from the Sprint contract and onto our own platform for providing support functions will occur over really the next four years through 2014. So the first year where we'll see the full run rate, full year benefit of the entire project is 2015. And what I've said is that when we get to that point in time, we'll see our voice costs essentially cut in half. It's probably best to speak of it in those terms because margins carry with it some assumptions about revenue, and I don't think we're prepared to make those assumptions over a five-year time horizon.
