Jessica Fischer: Yes. And that being said, I mean, the margin from the video product has been sort of - has shrunk over time. And our position has been that we're not willing to lose money in video. And so we believe the product is valuable for our customers. We're continuing to seek out ways that we can continue to provide those products in the way that people want, but to do it while still generating some financial return and whether that's in the form of set-top box revenue or in the way that we package the product overall, ultimately, we're continuing to try to sort of defend having margin in that business.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. So first, on the expense side, I gave some outlook in the first quarter investor call during the Q&A regarding cost to service expense and sales and marketing expense growth and that really - that outlook hasn't changed. I think we'll have a difficult comp in other expense in Q3 because there were lower corporate costs in the third quarter. But aside from that, I think what we have said already continues to be true about the trajectory on the expense side. In terms of capital expenditures and timing across the year, our rural construction initiative now, I would say, is spending at a more consistent pace than has been the history of the business. And so I think you saw it was somewhat more CapEx loaded into the front half of the year this year relative to our outlook for the entire year than what you would often see in a year. I would expect because that rural build sort of has to continue at a pace over time that you will see that greater level of consistency in CapEx across the quarters, with maybe less back-end loading into Q4 than what you've seen in other than what you've seen us do in the past. And I would expect that as well as we continue sort of into next year. The pace of the build on the network evolution and the overall activity, we'll just keep a base level of CapEx in the business that might have been - that might have had more of a seasonal trend previously.
Jessica Fischer: So the price adjustment in August is a $5 retail Internet increase for flagship and above customers, but it's coupled with a new auto pay discount of $5, so customers who are currently on Auto Pay or who opt into Auto Pay won't see a change in their overall price for Internet. There's a lot going on in ARPU. If we move into Q3, we'll fully lap the April 2022 rate adjustment, which included pass-through of video programming expenses. You'll have that August price adjustment and similar to recent trends, I mean when you talk about there being the reduction in ARPU on a per customer basis. It's really the headwind from the lighter mix of non-video customers and lower-priced video tiers that's driving that. And that obviously, I think, continues going forward. If you move into Q4, you'll start to see the Spectrum on promotional roll off. And have sort of the continuance of the other factors that I talked about. But that will be partially offset by lapping the November 2022 Internet-only rate adjustment. So I think that we've had fairly consistent growth in ARPU. If you look at the Internet ARPU growth. And I think, ultimately, our strategy is never to sort of grow the business just based on price. We aim to have competitive prices and to have good penetration because of that on our footprint. But that doesn't mean that we're sort of immune to the inflation impact and that where it's appropriate, we don't take adjustments in the market, which I think is what we've tried to do, but try to do it in a way that's prudent and consistent with our overall strategy.
Jessica Fischer: Jonathan, on the ARPU point, we did continue, I guess, in the year-over-year, you have the offsetting impact of having lapped last year's rate adjustments and with what you talked about, which is that you had the price adjustments that we made earlier in the year, offset by some gap allocation of the discount related to the Spectrum One offer. I think you have all the components, right? And that is the sum of what's happening in ARPU in this quarter. That it does
Jessica Fischer: On the seasonality side, market activity, including move activity continues to be quite low. And because of that, it's really difficult to predict what we might see in terms of seasonality going forward. We really think that the drivers inside of this Q2 or some of other factors, which include tailwinds from our overall construction initiative, the continued success of Spectrum One, the performance of the sales force, particularly higher sales yields and the slower pace of fiber overbuild that we saw. And so I would think more about those and sort of less about the seasonal patterns as you try to interpret what happened with our Q2 results. Your second question was.
Jessica Fischer: Cash taxes. Thank you. On cash taxes, there are two payments inside of Q2. And so Q2 is the natural high watermark for the cash tax payments, and I think you should anticipate that our total cash taxes are consistent with the guidance that we've previously given, and that those payments are - those remaining payments are spread between Q3 and Q4. There's - you don't have that same phenomenon of the two cash tax payments in any other quarter.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. The other thing I would point out in our December Investor Day, we showed the progress that we had made in the profitability, excluding customer acquisition costs. And I pointed out then that some of that progress was made because of - that that progress was not dependent on what you were paying in MVNO costs that on our side, we had work to do and that we were still doing and driving down the cost to serve our mobile customers. And that actually has been very successful through the first part of this year. And I think in terms of what we're thinking about in cost to serve per mobile customer that actually is coming down in a way that we expected it to. And I think as we continue to scale up the mobile business, have longer-tenured customers there as well as to improve our service activity that we'll continue to gain efficiency on the expense side for our internal expenses and drive additional profitability to the business that way as well.
Chris Winfrey: Look, the video platform adds value to our connectivity services on a stand-alone basis. We're at or near the point of indifference. But we're committed to trying to find a path forward for video because we think it's a good product. We think it adds values to customers. And if we can have the flexibility to package and price it the right way, we think it's good for customers and it's good for us. And ultimately, it's much better for programmers over time as opposed to having the cord cutting continue to accelerate at the pace it's going.
Chris Winfrey: John, I think Jessica said it, but the $5 would not apply to anybody who's already on promotion, it only be a retail and it would to the extent that somebody is or it comes on auto pay, that won't pass through. So it's not that material in the end. On ACP, the - on ACP our strategy is to respond to the governmental request from the White House FCC and Congress of using this program. And we've been - I think, the most successful at doing that of providing a way for new customers to get into broadband or in the local income space as well as for existing customers to be able to stay in the broadband space through times of affordability issues, meaning the coming in and out of the market through nonpay churn. And we've been very successful doing that at the request of the government, and it's worked very well for those customers. I do think that there's some questions around it being renewed. It has bipartisan support. And so we're hopeful that it will be renewed. I think it's been a very good and successful program. And so it's brought in some new customers, particularly early on through EBB and ACP, and we've been able to also have existing customers benefit from staying in broadband through that program. To the extent that it went away, many of these customers were existing broadband customers and both for new and existing customers plus you. The - for new and existing customers. We have programs. We've always had programs like Spectrum Internet Assist and low-income programs that we can accommodate in dealing with that at the back end. I'm hopeful that's not the case and that it gets renewed because I do think it's a successful program.
Chris Winfrey: I think there's also a fallacy in trying to oversimplify it, too. There's a tremendous amount of activity that's taken place in the course of the year and the course of the quarter with acquisition, retention, bundle allocations, rate increases in the past, rate increases in the more current period, there's a very complicated model that goes there. In the end, it was 2.5%, I think, ARPU growth in Internet year-over-year despite some of the allocation differences. And given the fact that we're growing and taking share in both - in all parts of our footprint, I think the - we're really pleased with that mix and that outcome. And if we can accelerate particularly the growth, as we get through later part of this year, I think we'd be very happy with that. On - tied to that, your second question, Jonathan, was Spectrum One and pull-through - the point that was being made is that a higher portion of our Mobile is coming from new customer connects through Spectrum One, and that is very promising. Still the majority of our Mobile and extra coming through existing customers, but the portion of which is coming through new connects is increasing, which means that it's having an effect in the marketplace. The real key for us is to be able to educate customers about what seems connectivity is, what gigabit wireless can provide. It's in essence a new category, and that takes time to resonate, which is why I said, in Spectrum One is our first iteration of convergence and seamless connectivity, and it's going well. And I think that bodes well for Internet. And I think it bodes well for Mobile, and it bodes well for Convergence for us overtime.
Chris Winfrey: Yes. But I also expect the Mobile attach rate to our existing Internet customers to increase too, because it's resonating not just for new customers, but for existing customers. And so you have benefits all around.
Chris Winfrey: Sure. So look, I'd start by saying that any time you have your competitors that continue to talk about you on their earnings call, I take that as a compliment. The second thing I would say is clearly, some of their data, they're not really good at producing it, and that’s not accurate. The third thing I would say is that in Jessica's prepared remarks, she mentioned the level of port activity is at/or better than it was even prior to the Spectrum One launch. So we're - we feel very good that these are not only good and high-quality customers, the majority of which are broadband customers today. So they've resembled the marketplace and the product is very attractive, it's selling in very well, and it's going to stick very well. And we look forward to seeing that develop over the next few quarters. On the mobile margin, you had done some work at your conference, I mentioned that if we thought your work was wrong, we would have let you know. And so that hasn't changed. And that was based off of some of the Verizon's disclosure as opposed to ours. Right now, we have a significant amount of customer acquisition, and so we have the cost of acquiring those customers and we have the cost of operating those customers. And we don't always have the full revenue attached to those customers just yet, and that will start to occur beginning in October and just grow from there. So the overall profitability of the mobile product, if it were a stand-alone product, which is not, is good. It's very good. And - but it's not - it's also at the same time, I want to be careful not to be dragged into it. It's never how we thought about that product. It's really an extension of our broadband product and seamless connectivity and a broadband product that none of our competitors can deploy ubiquitously across their footprint. And so you got to think about the broader profitability. But if it were a standalone product, the profitability is good, and our expectations have continued to move in that direction.
Chris Winfrey: Let me - Jessica I answered this before, and so let me just add, I guess, some additional color to it. The - of course, we still had college disconnects, and we had snowbirds effect as well coming out of Florida. It's just the level of activity is a bit more muted compared to what it was pre-COVID. And what we've seen over the past couple of years is the visibility for us and it appears for everybody, has been a lot less around seasonals in Q2 and Q3 than it was pre-pandemic. So I think we want to be careful about how far we get ahead of our skis and letting people look out to Q3 and say that they'll be the pre-pandemic. I think the point that Jessica was trying to make is seasonality aside, the underlying trends are very good through Spectrum One through the rural construction build our competitiveness. And I'll come back to the fiber overbuild that's at a slower pace. But even in the areas that have fiber, which is in some sense, a larger amount of fiber than it had been in the past, we're performing better in those markets than we did even just a year ago. And so we feel good about seasonality aside the underlying trends. And I guess since we're on point, its everybody wants to hear if we haven't said it already, our goal is still to have higher net adds this year than it was last year. And so instead of focusing on quarters, we'd like to focus on just the overall trajectory and the long-term trend and it's good.
Chris Winfrey: Hi Bryan, it was in the materials subsidized rural construction is 26,000 Internet net adds inside the quarter. On CBRS, we are at a full commercial launch inside of a market today, and it is going well and on that basis and making sure that the handover times which are working very well right now, continue to perform like that at scale. Then we'll set the next year are the basis for our broader CBRS rollout. It's - I don't want to spook people either that we're going to be very focused on deploying that CBRS where there's a high and fast ROI. We have a number of other accretive projects that are going on right now through network evolution and expansion. And so we're very cognizant of the overall CapEx build. But we're going to build that in a measured way across our footprint, fully deployed the CBRS and the markets that we've acquired over time. But we're going to do it in a way that's very targeted and it generates fast returns. Your third question was around portfolio spectrum. I can't imagine why you're asking that. But forecasting. But we have a very strategic, good perpetual MVNO relationship with Verizon. And the economics as everybody knows, are very good. And that means - and combine that with what we were just talking about before. The ability through better and better WiFi and through CBRS over time to have the vast majority of the traffic continue and increasingly be over our network with faster speeds, means that we have the ability to lease the macro cell towers at an attractive rate and not be in the business directly of having to continue to build those towers, densify those towers and acquire additional spectrum. And I think it's a capital-light model that really works well for us. And I think it's a model that, as you can see, has worked very well for Verizon, our partner as well. So I think it's symbiotic. And I would never say never. We'll always take a look at things as they come up, but we haven't felt the need to be in the macro cell tower construction densification and Spectrum acquisition business at scale.
Chris Winfrey: So Michael, you're right. The opportunity for us to continue to increase the lines per customer is high. As you know, certain customers have multiple lines inside the household that are on different EIP plans and time lines. And so our success has been using the high value and high speeds that we have in the mobile product to acquire as many lines upfront in the household. And then over time, the opportunities to upgrade those other lines that are on different cascading EIP time lines. So that's working well and the opportunity is to continue to grow, not just penetration of mobile broadband customers, but to add new seamless connectivity customers through spectrum on but also to increase the number of lines per household, which, as you know, increases the stickiness of the product over time. It increases the over value that we provide because of the significant savings. The second question you asked is on SMB, and I think we're doing a good job there, but I think we can continue to do even better over time. And I think it's still early days in the SMB space, but we can add value there the same way that we do in residential and attack the space.
