Arthur Minson: Hi, Jessica, this is Artie. Let me help you out with those. With respect to the margins on business services, you rightfully point out that the operating margins tend to be very strong. That has a lot to do with frankly the mix shift that's in there. You will see it's very HSD-centric in the products. And as you know we completed our (indiscernible) phone migration this quarter and that did also benefit business services. As that business continues to drive in a mix shit towards more HSD like services, I think there continues to be really strong overall profit trends and margin trends in the business. As it relates to the $2.8 billion of shared services, we are probably not going to break it out much further. I will give you a little bit more color, and there is some good disclosure in the queue around it as well, but it does include some items, for example, things like facilities, things like IT, things like technical operations that do support multiple lines of business. So it isn't obviously just finance and legal. It has broader overall operating support functions in there as well.
Arthur Minson: I can deal with the marketing first, and then I will turn it over to Dinnie. On the marketing front what I would just point out, Ben, is that this returns us to almost a more normalized level marketing. I think part of the growth is a function of Q1 last year. It was a little bit late. The second item I would just point out is that increase in marketing obviously wasn't just on the residential acquisition side; it was also driving business services. It also included a healthy increase in our investment and retention marketing. And Dinnie, I will turn it over to Dinnie and he will talk a little bit about how that had an impact on churn.
Arthur Minson: And Ben, the only thing I would add to is we talked a little bit about how the connect trends have been better, the disconnect trends have been better. What's also been better and which helped the overall PSU net add trend which I talked about April-over-April is having existing subs add a unit. So that's also been an area where we are seeing some positive momentum.
Arthur Minson: You have a very good memory, Doug. And yes, that is a full month of April for people who on the call may not know exactly what Doug is referring to. We do cutoff our subscriber reporting a little bit earlier than the actual calendar month end. So those April numbers are effectively in the bag and they reflect the full month.
Arthur Minson: Sure. Amy, its Artie. If you look at the overall growth in HSD ARPU, for example, and try to split it into what was related to rate increases last year and what is people taking higher tiers of service? It breaks down that about 25% of that increase is coming from people taking higher tiers of service. So, given the rate increases we did last year that obviously had an impact on the overall ARPU. In terms of your question related to the everyday pricing offer and our overall offer strategy, I think what you are saying is more and more segmentation in the base, which I hit a little bit in my proactive remarks. What we are seeing there is the shared shift out of, for example, our standard tier. What we are seeing in that shared shift is it tends to be about 80% of the shared shift are people who are moving up into higher tiers of service. So we are doing a very good job of sort of getting people on to the platform and then successfully migrating them up.
Arthur Minson: Tom, with respect to the rate increases, there was minimal revenue impact of the rate increases in Q1, very minimal in March, and about I think it's about 83% of them will flow through in Q2. We have a little bit later in the year, but predominantly it will be a Q2 impact.
Arthur Minson: Sure. On cash taxes, to the extent there is an extension of bonus depreciation for the two years; our estimate is that would reduce the cash taxes guidance that we've given. So what would effectively -- it would be $150 million pick up in free cash flow or set another way cash taxes would be reduced by about 150 million if there was an extension.
Robert Marcus: So Jessica, this is Rob. One additional item of color, we had somewhere just north of 30% growth in our wholesale transport business including cell backhaul, and that also adds to the positive margin effect just based on mix. So it just gives you a little bit more sense.
Robert Marcus: Just the level set on Max, so we have now actually effectuated speed increases in four hubs, two hubs in each of Los Angeles and New York City; the number of customers affected by that are in the low tens of thousands, so we are still in the very early stages and we don't expect to see meaningful retention benefits until much later.
Robert Marcus: As far as the FCC proceeding, Doug, obviously the FCC has been -- since the Verizon versus FCC decision, the FCC has been contemplating a new approach to what used to be the open Internet order. I think we will have to see exactly what ultimately is embedded in their proposal. I said on the last call in response to how we would react to the court decision that our business practice is to not discriminate, not block and content that's otherwise available in the internet. That will continue to be our operating policy. We will have to see whether there are new business models that turn out to be interesting resulting from anything the FCC might do, but I think it's premature to make a judgment.
Robert Marcus: Brandon, I don't really think there is anything new here, the difference maybe simply in degree. We embrace video on the Internet in that, it highlight the value of our HSD offering. At the same time we know that in order to deliver a competitive video service we got to continue to improve our offering whether that means increased content, better navigation, more flexibility in terms of device access. And those are all things that we are committed to doing. I would argue that notwithstanding the increased availability of older VoD content through multiple platforms. There is still nothing that rivals the video experience that we deliver as an MVPD especially in terms of live content, especially things like sports and live news.
Robert Marcus: Let me take it in the reverse order, Craig. What I will point out on the FIO side is we actually -- the strength we saw in our subscriber performance was actually very broad based not only from a product perspective which Artie pointed out, but also from a geographic perspective, we actually saw improvement across out footprint, but what I think is very noteworthy is that the churn improvement we saw was most significant in FIO's markets, something we are very pleased about. So, I think that really responds to the direct head-to-head competition with FIOs that you described. In terms of the video margin, obviously this is not new news, video margin per video sub has been coming down for some time and we know that programming cost increases are the culprit. And that's really what's driving it as opposed to a conscious decision to shift revenue from the video bucket to the high speed data bucket. I agree with your general characterization of our video profit is being linked to transport as opposed to the aggregation and resale of video, but you are not seeing a conscious reflection of a strategy there. It's much more simply a product of the increase in programming cost.
Robert Marcus: Yeah. I continue to stand by our original statement that this combination is the best way to maximize value for shareholders. We think of value on a long-term basis as opposed to looking at the spot price of any stock at a given moment in time. And the incremental value that can be created toward this combination, we think will ultimately accrue to the benefit of our shareholders by virtue of their more than 23% ownership in the combined company. And I don't think anything has changed about that. From our perspective we don't get terribly hung up by the fact that share prices move around from day to day. And I have full confidence in the decision we make.
Robert Marcus: I am not sure what board meeting you are referring to, Tuna, but I would take a step back and say that I don't really think we have much to add to the discussion of divestitures relative to what Comcast disclosed on its earnings call as part of the merger agreement for the most part Comcast is responsible and has the authority to effectuate those divestitures and as Angelakis said on their call, I have no doubt that they will be delivered and thoughtful about that process.
Robert Marcus: V.J., on the fat broadband skinny video, I'll tell you what, the uptake has not been significant at this point, but admittedly we haven't marketed it as aggressively as some of our other packages, at least not in Q1. So I still think it's an interesting potential opportunity for a particular segment to the marketplace, but thus far, it has not had an impact on our customer base or ARPUs for that matter. As far as the Dodgers go, I don't think there is any secret that at this point with the exception of Time Warner Cable and Bright House, we have not signed up any distributors to carry that network. I think the good news is the product is great and that we have a first place baseball team and the production quality is outstanding, and we will continue to work on gaming affiliation deals. In the meanwhile there is a whole lot of customers at Time Warner Cable who are very happy that they can view the service, and there are others who are moving to Time Warner Cable so that they can.
Robert Marcus: So James, on the WiFi network, we've launched that -- we thought that the deployment of WiFi access points was a significant value add for our HSD customers and in particular our strategy has focused on public WiFi access points meaning not necessarily in the home or in a particular business. So it is a replacement to some extent for some elements of mobile network. And we think that continues to be a tremendous value-add and we are going to continue to rollout access points. I think our total access points at the end of the quarter were up close to 33,000 and we deployed something like 3000 plus in the quarter. So the pace of rollout continues. And is it a complete replacement for cellular contract? I think that probably is not the case, but I think it's a really complementary offering and something that makes our HSD product more valuable. As far as the speed increases question, we are always cognizant of the impact of increasing speeds on our various tiers of service and what kinds of downgrade and upgrade activity that might result in, and so I can say that what we are trying to do is deliver the great amount of value for the greatest -- for the best price at each tier, but certainly we are not anxious to create cannibalization. So we do those speed increases very thoughtfully.
Robert Marcus: Yes. So I guess I will just summarize by saying that we are off to a great start in 2014. We had the best residential subscriber performance we had in five years. Our business services revenue growth was close to 25%. Operating metrics are improving. We are differentiating our products further to improve the customer experience. TWC Max is up and running in New York City and L.A. And all of these results underscore our commitment to delivering on our financial and operating plan and making our company stronger than ever in advance to the merger with Comcast. So with that, we will close, and I'll thank you for joining us this morning.
