Chris Winfrey: Good. So, in terms of the competitive environment in the fourth quarter, as you mentioned, we saw some continued expansion of fixed wireless footprint within the quarter. We also saw heavier competitive marketing and some aggressive promotions from both fixed wireless and from the overbuilders. And as you know, Jonathan, slight impacts to gross adds and churn, in this case, it was particularly on the gross adds front, can drive what appear to be outsized changes to net adds, especially when net adds are slightly positive or slightly negative, really has an outsized impact. As you know, we're, of course, focused very much on the long term, but that doesn't mean that we're not focused on the short term either, particularly what was going on inside of the fourth quarter. And so, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're really leaving no stone unturned on potential ways to improve go-to-market in the short term, particularly addressing gross adds in the existing footprint. We're doing all that though, looking at all aspects, but trying to make sure that we do that in a controlled fashion and don't overreact either given that it is small changes that are driving an outsized impact here.
Chris Winfrey: So maybe I'll start off with ACP and just take a step back, and then Jessica can answer what you were requesting. ACP program, I think as everybody knows, it really has brought Internet connectivity to customers who would not have been able to have access to broadband otherwise. But more importantly, it's allowed customers who would have been coming in and out of the broadband marketplace given affordability issues to remain connected consistently. So, we really think, as you know, it's been an effective program. We're proud to be the largest ACP provider in the country. We still -- we're hopeful that the ACP can be refunded in order to keep households that are in the program today connected to the Internet. But if it's not refunded, Craig, we're going to work very hard to keep customers connected. And we've been working on this possibility for some time. We have significant tools to save customers hundreds or even thousands of dollars, as Jessica mentioned. And I'd highlight that, keep in mind, most of our ACP customers were Internet customers before the ACP program began. And in the meantime, having said all that, it's actually pretty challenging for us to predict the impact that a potential end of the program is going to have to our customer disconnects, but we're going to report that consistently over time.
Chris Winfrey: In the end, we're still focused on trying to make sure that ACP is refunded, and I still think there's a strong possibility that could be the case.
Chris Winfrey: Sure. So, we noted the same thing that you saw, Craig. I think the bigger point there is that there is a rational approach to the marketplace and the utilization of Spectrum. And I believe a recognition that there's a limited amount of capacity, the bandwidth needs are increasing. I think that was the bigger takeaway from us. It's very difficult for us to sit back and take a look at the geographic footprint of fixed wireless access because it almost changes by the day in terms of sector availability on radius in terms of capacity and where they're actively marketing and where they're not. And then, you have the additional rural footprint versus urban and suburban, and what would be off-footprint for us versus on-footprint and the split between residential and commercial, which makes it pretty difficult to mathematically cascade that into an impact for us. But I thought it was rational what we said, and I thought it made a lot of sense, and I think it's consistent with what we've always thought. Frankly, the piece that's been more difficult is just the timing in terms of where that capacity is reached, and it's been a little bit harder to predict than we would like. But I took that as the same way that you did that it should have some positive impact on our existing footprint.
Chris Winfrey: Sure. So, Ben, I think leading into the last earnings call, we had been listening to shareholder feedback about the difficulty people were having of projecting long-term CapEx trends given the significant capital investment opportunities that we have. And you're right, typically, we would never provide a multiyear outlook and we've -- about the only guidance that we've historically provided is in-year CapEx guidance. But these are unique opportunities that don't come around very often. The opportunity to have subsidized rural build, having the largest expansion of broadband and cable footprint really since the 1980s is unique and it's generational. And I think we felt that investors needed to see, A, the size and magnitude of what we were already committed to, and B, to have a very articulated outline of the returns of those investments, which Jessica has provided. We've been providing that, all that information is essentially what we provided over the past two years, but to do it in a single spot so people could wrap their heads around both the quantum that exist, the investment returns that are attached to that investment and that it doesn't go on into perpetuity, and that there is a real nice setup for what this is all about, which is free cash flow growth. And so, while we typically like to keep our cards close to our chest to preserve both flexibility and to maintain our competitive posture, I felt there was a trade-off here to make sure that our shareholders were with us and that people understood the value of the returns to the investment that we're making. And so, there's a balance here between, on one hand, having the flexibility to always make the right decisions to generate long-term free cash flow, and making sure that we're responsive to shareholder feedback along the way and that we can demonstrate the long-term value, so people take comfort with that. In terms of the prioritization of line extensions over the DAA or DOCSIS 4 upgrade, it wasn't so much about prioritization. It was really about certification of the DAA equipment taking a little bit longer, which was pushing out the timeline for the rollout. And so, the trade-off we had is could you do it the 1.2 gigahertz high-split upgrade under, what we call, an integrated CMTS environment. And do more of that footprint to keep the original pace or should we slow it down just a tad to make sure that we allowed for a catch-up of the DAA certification process so that you can move to high split with distributed access architecture as well as the 1.8 gigahertz and the rollout of DOCSIS 4.0, we chose the latter to make sure that we were having as much of the footprint with the full capabilities of DOCSIS 4.0 over time. The caveat is, if we get into couple of years from now, we see opportunities to pull capital forward. We'll of course do that, but this is our best view of where we're going to spend capital. And we thought it was worthwhile to show that to make sure people understand that it doesn't -- that higher level of capital expenditure doesn't go on into perpetuity.
Chris Winfrey: Sure. In broadband, our fundamental view hasn't changed that in the long term, keeping your prices as low as you can both enhances your ability to grow, and that's still our long-term objective, it reduces churn, and it reduces the likelihood that somebody views you as an attractive overbuilt candidate. So, our fundamental views haven't changed. Having said that, we've had inflationary pressures, and we've been passing that through to the best of our ability. To the extent that our pricing is lower and it is for the most part across the industry, I view that as a positive long-term capacity question and from an ability to grow. But it doesn't mean that we're immune to inflation. It doesn't mean that we're not willing to pass-through increases as we need to. And there's a balance here as well that in an environment where we're investing so much into expansion and making sure that we do maintain EBITDA growth rate so that we can keep that engine going, it matters to us and it matters to our shareholders, and we're focused on that in parallel. So, there's a balance that's taking place. And I think we're in a not only in a good position overall, but I think a very good relative position. In terms of the overall market, you've seen different operators across the sector moving their prices up over time as well. And I think that demonstrates that there's real value to the product, and there's a need to recover cost along the way. It's a capital-intensive business. And then, your last question on -- John, is mobile churn. The contribution of mobile to the broadband business, the biggest factor so far as you highlighted really has been a significant and a very material amount of churn reduction that takes place on those customers who attach mobile, as I mentioned, it's only 13% of our base today. And I'd offer you two pieces. One is on the positive side, it is dramatic, the churn reduction. On the -- just to be balanced, there's still self-selection that exists inside that base. So, I want to be careful that we don't overplay the benefit there on what's still a relatively small portion of our Internet base and growing and has big upside. The new connects, those new Internet connects who take mobile, a percentage of our mobile acquisition mix that comes from new customers has risen over the years. Is that because we do a better job of selling it to call center and attaching or is it because mobile is actually driving gross adds? In this environment, we have so many different moving parts. I'm not comfortable telling you that it's been a big driver as of yet of new sales. But I think that's the opportunity, not only for churn reduction, but as convergence continues to take hold as these products work together in a way that our competitors can't replicate, the ability to use Spectrum One, a combination of broadband, Internet, WiFi and 5G is our backup radio. It's the slowest portion of our network, and have the fastest overall connectivity service and seamless connectivity, I think, it's powerful. And I think it has the ability not just to reduce churn, which it's already doing today, but to actually drive acquisition over time. And so, we're early on, but still very exciting.
Chris Winfrey: And then, in terms of the penetration, Peter, there's very different types of build that sits in there. I mean, serviceability, which is where a customer calls us effectively for a one-off or two or three additional line extensions, the penetration on that is 85%, as it should be. And other areas where greenfield or market fill-in where penetrations can range anywhere between 45% and 70%, at a lower cost per passing, as Jessica highlighted, than some of the other extension build that we do. So, the returns are very, very attractive. They always have been. There's nothing really new there. And somewhat tied to that, you asked about our views on penetration generally, but in the context of BEAD with fixed wireless access or low Earth orbit satellite, LEO. I think the -- let me start with LEO. This is an expensive offering on a month per month basis, expensive from a CPE standpoint. And it needs to be because the -- if I told you our network was going to fall to the ground every six to eight years and burn up, you'd tell me that's a pretty capital-intensive business that needs to be priced appropriately, and it is. I think LEO has a really good use in certain cases, but it's typically not going to be where our fiber-based network is deployed. And so, it's not something that really has risen too much in terms of our thinking in penetration. Fixed wireless access, it's shown us that you can have lower quality and inferior service at a low price or low incremental price, and there's a market for that. But our penetration expectations for RDOF and for subsidized rural and what will feed into BEAD were already low in terms of what we've built into our models compared to what I think ultimately we'll achieve. And so, I think that's already reflected inside of our penetrations. If you think about just at the 12-month mark, where we're approaching close to 50% in the subsidized rural passings, our initial thoughts were we'd be at half of that within a year. And so, we're way ahead of that. And I think the terminal penetration will be higher than what we thought at RDOF, despite the fact that there's an admittedly stronger fixed wireless access presence now than there was three, four years ago when we made those commitments. So, all a big roundabout way to say, I think it's factored into all of our thinking. And I don't think it changes our view in terms of where we'll ultimately get to for terminal penetration, because we weren't overly aggressive in what we assumed.
Chris Winfrey: There's a lot there, Sebastiano. But here we go. So, fixed wireless impact, it is where they've deployed and it's in both fiber and non-fiber overlap. It's more acute in the non-fiber overlap, because it's the first time that somebody's had what they view as an alternative other than DSL. And so, it has a novelty factor in the non-overbuild footprint that is similar to a fiber overbuild that has an immediate short-term impact when it's new into the marketplace. So, it has a more pronounced impact there. But I think the overbuilders, the wireline overbuilders would tell you that fixed wireless access probably has had an impact on them as well. So, it's not that it doesn't have an impact in an overbuild territory. It's just much more pronounced in an area where the overbuild doesn't exist. Our overbuild percentage, in our 10-K today, I think, we disclosed as well that it's roughly 50% in terms of overbuild. And then, as it relates to CBRS, we are fully deployed and active with thousands of radio access networks out on the strand and MDUs in one large market today, and we're expanding into another market at some point this year. And that's going very well. And the pacing of that really is dictated by a few things. One is, our relationship with Verizon is good and strong. The economics are great. And this is an ROI-based deployment. So, it'll be there -- the returns will be there when we deploy. But interestingly, the more penetrated we become, the more attractive the returns get. And so, from a deployment of capital perspective, CBRS is very exciting. It's a very clear mathematical return. But in an environment where we're deploying as much capital as we are and we have so much active activity on the outside plant in terms of high-split upgrade and construction of new networks, we're just pacing it along the way to manage all those factors in the way that we think about deployment of CBRS. But we're going to fully deploy it. It's exciting. It has a great return. The depth at which we employed in each market, it really is a function of utilization on a geographically specific area, and the attractive agreement and the great relationship that we have with Verizon today. So, that's strategic to us. So, all those factors play into the timing.
Jessica Fischer: Yeah. And I'd add on, the environment wasn't consistent through the quarter. Early on, we had some carryover from the Disney dispute in the August rate event that we talked about in last quarter's call. We had expected November and December to recover to the levels that we had seen going into that event, and they didn't. But as we exited the quarter, we saw December slightly negative, and January net adds are consistent with what we saw in December. So that environment does continue. On the cash tax side, Jonathan, it's not just bonus, it's also R&D and interest expense deductions that will impact us. But I would say the reforms that are being considered support the economics of our investments in connecting rural America and upgrading the network. And so, we are fully in support of them. I think it's a little premature to adjust our guidance. But given the investments that we're making, we do expect there to be a material benefit to cash taxes if the legislation were to go through.
Jessica Fischer: Yeah. So, on the numbers side, Craig, we have a little over 5 million households that received the ACP benefit, all for wireline Internet. Very few of those customers used ACP to upgrade to higher speeds or take more PSUs when they began receiving the benefit. But many do have our flagship speed or higher or do take other services from us. And I guess, the funding will continue through April. We'll try to keep people informed as we move through the process. But from our perspective, there's not a lot of visibility at this point as to anything that might happen when the program ends.
Jessica Fischer: Yeah. On the EBITDA performance inside of 2024, I guess -- I'm not going to give EBITDA guidance, but I think we can talk about the few things. So, you do have a political advertising year, that is a tailwind. We have -- so we've fully lapped the investments that we made in the employee population. And from an expense outlook perspective, I think my expectation is that we'll be able to keep cost to serve essentially flat on an absolute basis. And in sales and marketing, you might have some growth, but it will be small in the 2% to 3% range. And we continue -- as I said in my remarks, we're taking a look at expenses all across the business to identify areas where we can be more efficient and reduce costs without impacting our service levels and our sales capability. And so, we fully understand that we need to maintain EBITDA growth in this environment and strong EBITDA growth coming into what, as you note, should be a stronger year in order to be able to continue focusing on what we want for the long term, which is to be able to invest to grow in the long term and to return to that sort of Internet customer growth in the long term. So, I think the dynamics in the background are happening to make that growth happen. That's where we are.
Jessica Fischer: Yeah. So, I'll start on the cost per passing question. What you see there is related to the mix between commercial and even enterprise passings and residential passing. So, the cost per resi passing that lives inside of that is closer to $1,500. What's happening is that there are, I'm going to say, a smaller number, but a larger dollar amount of commercial passings that are included in the mix that drive the average cost per passing to be a little bit higher. And we're just trying to give enough information there to get you to a reasonable passings estimate so that -- so you can model off of that what gains you would generate from the build.
Jessica Fischer: We mentioned the less than 50% -- or the 50% or so at about the 12-month-plus mark. But as you can see and what we provided and all of the cohorts that we are seeing, we're still growing at a good rate at that point. So, it's not as though you've reached the customers who are going to get your product and then we're not seeing additional growth. We're still seeing good growth in those markets even at that vantage.
