Arthur Minson: Sure, I'm not going to be able to help. Despite asking three questions, I'm not sure how much I'm going to be able to help you on any of those. We're not going to breakout CapEx. We're really staying away form any forward-looking guidance for 2015. On the churn, that's really nothing we've ever disclosed, what I will just sort of stick with is the overall comment that we had a very good improvement in connects and disconnects, but you should take away that churn reduction has obviously been a key focus of ours. And your last question on the buildings, we've added -- in our footprint, the addressable market size is, it's a little under 25 billion.
Arthur Minson: Hey, Phil, it's Artie. I can take that one. Couple of things I would just point out in ARPU; one is, as we move to a new offer in Q4 that had a free installation, if you combine the free installation impact and as well as lower pay preview events what we would sort of call non-recurring ARPU, those had an impact in actually what we sort of refer to as monthly recurring ARPU. That was actually up slightly. The other item I'd just sort of point out when you think about ARPU, you will recall when that this year in '14 was the first year we moved to what we call, "Unified Rate Strategy," meaning that no matter what sort of bundle you are in, whether you're double play, triple play, you receive one rate increase a year. That's different in costs comparison to '13 when we were doing more product rate increases meaning if you were a double or triple you could actually get multiple rate increases throughout the year. So that obviously has a skewing impact on ARPU growth. What I would point out to you is we're basically getting right into in '15 -- the rollout of our 15 rate increases, so you should expect a step-up in ARPU from rates and fees that we will be implementing. You'll get partial quarter impact of adding Q1 and a full quarter impact in Q2.
Arthur Minson: And Ben on the expense front, I'd say the aggregate of good guys we thought we were going to get on the expense side and some bad guys that we had not forecasted; they were in about the $25 million range.
Arthur Minson: In terms of net neutrality, I'd rather answer your question not in terms of why has the Comcast deal doesn't close because we remain confident that it will. But I will talk generally about net neutrality. I think at this point I don't have any greater knowledge of exactly what's going to come out of the FCC then you probably do if we read chairman Wheelers recent statements. It appears that they're going down a title two with four bearings path. But the exact contours of that I think remains to be seen and the impact that anything they come up with will have on our future investment or willingness to invest. I think will impart depend on the detail. I think it's a -- it almost goes without saying that to the extend what they proper creates uncertainty around the regulatory regime and which we will be operating that is likely to chill our enthusiasm for investment but beyond that general statement, it's hard to say more. 
Arthur Minson: What's interesting is that a reasonable share of the phone, net adds that we had, meaning they're both on $10 phone net adds, were previous voice code cutters, in other words, wireless-only. So I think we struck an offer that's actually interesting enough to pick up some of customers that we had previously lost when the prices were higher.
Arthur Minson: And David, what I would just say is in your question on skinny packages what I would point you to back to my proactive remarks where you know triple play can act so basically doubled over the last year and I think one of the things of the new offer is its -- its very clear to our customers and it's very clear frankly to our sales agents of what it is we're selling. So we have got the most pick up in selling the triple play offer which was what we intended when we launched it.
Arthur Minson: Sure, Frank. I would say there is no real change from what our priorities were, frankly, in '14. I think you'll continue to see us invest in our infrastructure around Maxx. You will continue to see us deploy new equipment. You will continue to see us continue to add buildings to our footprint for business services. So where are the priorities, remain the same.
Rob Marcus: Yes, John, I can take both of those. It's Rob. Overlapped with U-Verse is about 26% of our footprint today. For good measure I'll throw in that we're about 14% overlap by FiOS. As far as your overall question as to what the impact of AT&T strategy was on our performance, it's hard to attribute our out-performance to any one factor. We did do well in U-Verse markets. We did well in FiOS markets for that matter too. We grew connects in both FiOS and U-Verse markets, and in fact our disconnect reduction in FiOs and U-Verse markets was better than non-FiOS and U-Verse markets. So beyond that, I'm not sure I can be more specific in addressing your particular question.
Rob Marcus: Sure, first of all, in Sling TV, we've been advocates of flexible video packages for quite some time. I think Sling TV is a variation on that theme with only 12 -- I believe 12 networks, select networks from I think three providers or four providers for a relatively low price. I think it's intriguing in the sense that it reflects a willingness of programmers to deviate from the big bundle packages that we are generally offered. In terms of the attractiveness of Sling TV itself, I'm a little bit skeptical in that. I think we've got a more compelling like if you will bundle that's happens to be called our starter video product basic table for about the same price, but with many more highly rated networks. So I think we'll watch and we're certainly interested in more flexible packages. But I'm not sure if that's the right one.
Rob Marcus: I'm not sure we mentioned it, but we've been promoting a $10 both on phone offer for existing customers. We've had some pretty good success with that.
Rob Marcus: Yes, I think as we've mentioned too, this year we added free calls to Mexico and then more recently free call to China, and Hong Kong. And those the being targeted against demographic groups that find really high value in that.
Rob Marcus: Stephan, we're huge proponents of Wi-Fi. We've been building out our Wi-Fi network for some time, and with the benefit of our consortium with other cable operators, we have what I think is the largest national Wi-Fi network available to our customers of any provider. And to-date, we've used that as a value-add to our high-speed data product, but I think that's really just the beginning in the idea of utilizing Wi-Fi as a component of the voice offering is pretty intriguing. So I assume what you're referring to is the announcement the Cable Vision made earlier this week, and it's pretty intriguing to us. We actually implemented a somewhat similar strategy when we had our MVNO arrangement with Clearwire. In that, we offered a small bundle of data. It wasn't a voice product, but it was a Wi-Fi first data offering within an MVNO cellular backup. In theory, as the technology for voice-over-Wi-Fi continues to improve, it's theoretically interesting to think about a variation on what Cable Vision is doing. So we're going to watch that and see what the uptick is. I'm not sure that they struck exactly the right court in terms of the match between price and the absence of a cellular back up. But I think it's pretty cool.
Rob Marcus: So the implication –- in terms of the implications of the Title II for usage based pricing, I'd really say that I don't think it has much impact at all. As you guys know, we offer usage based tiers and I think the ultimate success of usage based pricing will be depended on customer uptake and the interest in availing -- customers' interest in availing themselves of a usage based tier versus unlimited tier. The reason I don't think title two has much of an impact is that today, the types of rules that are being talked about to ensure an open internet are wholly consistent with our behaviors and wholly consistent with the rest of the ISP industries behaviors. So I don't anything is going to change on that front. And usage-based pricing doesn't seem to be a target of any regulations at this point. So I think that will continue to be something thing that may evolve with the market. In terms of programming questions and post deal application of Comcast deal versus our deal, I don't think we have anything to add to what's already been discussed in. it's probably a conversation that's better had with Comcast to the extend you want to have it.
Rob Marcus: I think it remains to be seen but you know we're going to continue to sell premium services and you know I don't anticipate it having a meaningful impact.
Rob Marcus: Let me start with your last question, I think that the notion of defining broadband at 25 megabytes per second is somewhat arbitrary am not really sure what that is intended to mean. And really I don't anticipate that that has any practical implications for -- for life going forward or for the DOJ's analysis of the deal. In terms of Maxx as we said when we first articulated our three-year plan, our aim is to have 75% of our footprint enabled with Maxx attributed by the end of the three-year plan period. And my guess is we're continuing to roll it out beyond that. So the only question is prioritization, and obviously as we think about where to go first, competitive dynamics are a factor. So that includes Google, although it's not explosively dictated by where Google decides to go. In fact I think we announced the Carolinas before Google did their announcement this week. So competitors are certainly relevant obviously. In terms of urgency around the Wi-Fi first offering, as I said earlier, I think Wi-Fi first voice product is interesting, but we don't have any specific launch plans at this time. So something we are continuing to think about.
Rob Marcus: Yes. There is no question it is a tremendous amount of value in the set-top box data we collect. We are already using that in our ad sales business had been for some time compliant with privacy laws of course. And it also informs the way we make decisions about programming we carry and the way we carry it. So we are already utilizing it for our own business, whether there are opportunities to monetize that with third-parties is something that we've spent a lot of time deliberating on. There are obviously countervailing considerations because we want to make sure that it's not used in ways that are either inconsistent with the law or inconsistent with our business priorities. So there is no question there is value in the asset, but we are not in a position right now to announce any particular monetization plans away from using it to enhance our own business.
Rob Marcus: Tuna, I'm not sure I can add much to what Comcast has already said on this front. Obviously the ultimate responsibility for integration although we are certainly working with Comcast and for that matter and planning for integration today, the responsibility for truly integrating the two companies will arrive with Comcast and try to respectively. So probably best to ask them on exactly what the timeframe is. At the outset of the -- at the announcement of the transaction, we jointly focused on an opportunity to create $1.5 billion of cost synergies, and I think Comcast has reiterated it's confidence in those numbers since that date. Those opportunities come from elimination of duplicative functions, probably more than anything else. So I'm not sure that there is much for me to add to that. It's really a Comcast question.
Rob Marcus: Embedded in that synergy statement is an improvement in the overall margins of Time Warner Cable and the combined company.
Dinesh Jain: Yes, I think Mike that as Artie has been saying we've done a lot of work in the last couple of years in terms of reducing our cost base in phones. And so we feel really good about that. We're adding a lot more triple plays as you surmised, and phone is being brought along in those triple plays at rates [technical difficulty] that we have not ever seen before. So I think -- and the only other thing I would add is the double to triple migration, we're also seeing there a nice step-up in revenue from phone. We can probably be frankly little bit more aggressive than we've been in the past, given how we produce the cost structure, but we are still getting a nice step-up there as well.
Dinesh Jain: In terms of the triple plates I think everything that we're doing right now, we're still seeing through a lens of how do we build trust with our customers. And through most of 2014 we had a $79 triple play offer that was out there. But Q4 what we really did was focused on making sure that the package delivered only elements that were necessary to enjoy the package without this perception of hidden see. So one other thing we did as we moved the price from 79, 99 to $89 and we added a set top box to it. And then, we also as Artie mentioned, made a free install for triple play. I think you know there were a couple of others whose -- that was the core of the change that we made for Q4. And you know we really feel good about not just the results of it but also about you know the entering position with the relationship with the customer. And building trust during the course of the whole year. A couple of other things that we have said about the triple play is that -- we didn't want to have premiums attached to it that expired after three months or six months. We wanted to keep everything in that 12 month range and we also didn't want to have rate increases that would affect those customers within the first 12 months. So that's you know our -- our overall triple play strategy and it reflects some minor incremental changes but not being tremendous.
Dinesh Jain: So I think with regards to your first question, I think I have partially answered it in my previous answer which is to say that in the past when some Triple Play offers were put up there with too many promotional discounts when the discounts expired, the perception of the price increase was much bigger. Since we didn't add many of those elements to our current triple play package, we're not going to have that -- that affect at the end of the 12 month period. So I think we feel really about how this package will perform when you know the promotional period and at the end of the 12 months.
