Robert D. Marcus: Sure, Craig. Let me take it in two steps. Let's first talk about the New York City beta and then we'll come back to skinny bundles. So the way I would characterize the New York City trial is really the next step in the evolution of TWC TV. So, when we launched the TWC TV app, which, of course, is our IPTV app, the goal there was to create an offering that was complementary to our traditional video product, to add additional screens on additional IP enabled-devices for customers to consume video. As we move forward and what we're trialing with this beta in New York, is we're going to move that TWC TV capability toward a full video offering that, in fact, could be substitutional for the traditional set-top box-based video product. And where we're headed is the ability of customers to access the complete video product without having to rent a set-top box from us, whether they use a Roku or they use ultimately another IP enabled-device. So what we need to accomplish that is, first, we need to ensure that that video product complies with Title VI of the Telecom Act in the same way that our traditional video service does, meaning emergency alert service, closed captioning, SAP, and all of those things that comply with the law. So we're doing that in the beta. Second thing we've got to do is ensure that we have a complete channel lineup. The TWC TV app already has a very significant channel lineup, but it doesn't include every single PEG channel. And in some markets, there are local channels that aren't yet included. So we need to make sure that that's in there. And then lastly, we really need to take the quality of the video picture from what I would essentially call an SD picture to an HD picture. So we're going to increase the resolution on those pictures to just deliver a better video experience. And then over time, you'll see us add additional features to the TWC TV app until it is, from an experience perspective, indistinguishable from the traditional video product, but with the added benefits of no need to rent a set-top box, and a much, much more streamlined provisioning process. No necessity for a truck roll, you can simply type in your username and password and you have video. So that's what we're trying to accomplish with the beta. Why we chose to offer the full complement of channels really is consistent with our strategy on video overall. We want to make sure that customers can have everything they have via the set-top box. That does not mean that we're not ultimately going to get to a place where we offer alternative bundles via that app as well. We're big fans of customer segmentation. We're big fans of giving customers choice. But right now – and we've been very effective at this, as you can see in our video numbers this quarter. We've actually tried to simplify our offerings, make them easier to buy for customers, and easier to sell for our reps. And that has driven us to kind of simplify our offerings, but that does not mean that in the fullness of time, we won't push hard on things like basic cable plus a premium or our TV Essentials product, both of which are variations on the theme of skinnier bundles. And the last thing I'd note is again this quarter, and this has been true for a couple of quarters now, about 82% of our gross video connects actually took our Preferred TV product. So, for all the talk about skinny bundles, we're doing pretty well offering a full video product.
Robert D. Marcus: Okay, Phil, it's Rob. I'll try that. First, I think the answer to the second part of your question is both, fewer people attempting to leave and better effectiveness on our retention efforts. In terms of the relationship between the decline in voluntary churn or decline in churn generally and revenue per user, it's kind of a strange dynamic going on. So we talked a lot about the impact of increases in connect volume on ARPU in that the customers we're bringing on in greater numbers now generate less revenue per customer than our existing base. So we drive higher revenue, but lower ARPU. On the other side, on the retention side, interestingly, the customers we're losing right now are also lower than the existing base. So ironically, when you lose fewer of them, you actually have a negative impact on ARPU. And these strange dynamics are why I counsel against putting too much emphasis on ARPU and more emphasis on the combination of both rate and volume and what it means for revenue growth
Robert D. Marcus: Yeah, just to be clear, there is no such Enterprise partnership. There's been a lot of speculation about possibilities that could come from MSOs working together to explore the Enterprise space, but there is no formal partnership. I think it's an interesting possibility, but still just an idea. For our part, we are aggressively pursuing the Enterprise space, and, in fact, making decent headway on our own. The only catch is that that requires us to essentially rent network from other providers, whether it's other MSOs or other telecom providers, to serve customers who have locations outside of our footprint, which in the case of Enterprise, is more often the case that not. That piece of the product is inherently less profitable than when we serve customers with our own network, but it's still certainly an interesting business opportunity for us.
Robert D. Marcus: So, Amy, just to respond to the last part of your question about Google, I probably should've mentioned this in my proactive remarks, but, at this point, we're really still only seeing significant Google activity in Kansas City. Austin is in very early days. And Raleigh and Charlotte are still in just the announcement phase, as is San Antonio. So we're talking about Kansas City. And in Kansas City this quarter, our gross connects improved and our churn was down, so I'd argue we're competing well against Google also.
Robert D. Marcus: Okay, Rich. Let me take the second one first. The answer is no, we're not seeing any meaningful differences. I still believe that the headlines are way ahead of the reality on this. It's not to say that the trend doesn't exist, but, for our part, we're gaining video customers. And we're doing it largely on the back of a triple play offer that includes our Preferred TV offering, which has all of the channels, so at this point, no meaningful differences out in the marketplace. With respect to the reasons why the regulators should view the deal as being in the public interest, we've gone to great lengths to cover this in excruciating detail in our public filings. And I feel like any shorthand version of it that I give you today is going to be inadequate relative to those filings we've made. They're all available. And I would rather defer to what we've done in those formal filings, rather than try to do it live.
Robert D. Marcus: You know what? Rich, I can't answer the question as to why it's happening. It's not happening as a result of subscribers that are subscribing to, let's say, ESPN through Time Warner Cable. And we haven't, at this point, perceived that we're losing any jump balls to competitors because they're offering skinny bundles.
Robert D. Marcus: The truth, Ryan, is we're thinking about this as the place that our video product evolves to. So we're not necessarily thinking about it as a product that is designed for a particular segment, although, admittedly, it may expand the universe of potential customers by bringing in those types of customers that have been averse to having a set-top box in their family room. When we think about returns, we're going to have to figure out a model here that generates a return that is appropriate for the investments we are making. And that may require that we find a way to replicate revenue that currently comes in the form of set-top box rental revenue, but I think this is early days. The reason we're beta-ing this is to make sure that we understand how to do it technically and to make sure we understand what the provisioning experience is for customers and that, overall, it's good for them. If the product is attractive to customers, I'm fairly confident we're going to figure out a way to generate adequate returns.
Robert D. Marcus: Yeah, lots baked into that question; let me start by saying that we have no intention of participating in the spectrum auction. We're going to continue to pursue our strategy of adding mobility to our offerings by continuing to deploy WiFi Hotspots. We think that adds compelling value to our high-speed data product, so we'll continue to pursue that. There's no question that mobility is important to customers, but I think whether or not we to need deliver a quad-play, so to speak, or add a cellular product to our current offerings, I think remains to be seen. Clearly, if the marketplace evolves in such a way that that's an offering that our competitors deliver, then I think we may need to revisit it. And I think that's what's happened in Europe, where you have complete overlap of footprints of wireless and wireline providers and that's the way the competitive market has evolved, but I'm not convinced that it necessarily has to go that way here.
Robert D. Marcus: All right. Let me do timing and then I'm going to pass it over to Bill to hit bad debt. So if there's one thing I've learned over the last couple of years, is that I'm not terribly good at predicting when regulators are going to act on our deals. So I'm not going to give you a projected closing date. What I will say is that we are working very well with Charter and with Bright House to ensure that everything we can do to put the regulators in a position to act on our deal expeditiously, we're doing. So we responded to all of the RFIs put out by the FCC. We've responded to the DOJ's second request. We're making very good strides at the states and local franchise levels. In fact, most of the states that we need to approve the deal have approved, and most of the local franchises that need to approve the deal have approved. So we're making good headway there. I think you're well aware of the FCC's comment schedule. Comments were due last week. The responses to those comments are due next week. And then, about 10 days after that, replies to those responses are due. So that kind of will enable the FCC to have a complete record. And my hope is then we'll begin to engage in earnest thereafter, but beyond that, hard to say. From an operational perspective, we're working to be in a position to close as early as this year, but admittedly, at this point, that feels ambitious.
Robert D. Marcus: On the telephone piece, I think it's fair to say that the incremental revenue we're generating from the fact that we're selling a whole lot more telephone than we have historically, is modest. We've talked about the fact that new connect revenue per customer is, more or less, the same year-over-year. And that's reflective of the fact that we've lowered the amount we're receiving for each type of cohort, but we're selling a whole lot more triples. And the theory behind that is we think we're delivering a lot more value to our customers. As a result, they're going to be happier customers. And we're going to retain them longer, which, in turn, means they have a greater lifetime value to us. So that's the theory of the case there. The revenue lift when we're adding phone is more modest than it has been in the past, probably in the nature of $10 versus $20-some-odd a while ago. Okay, I'm going to handle your second question as well, James. I think how we scale an IP video product that replaces our traditional video product is one of the reasons we're trialing. With today's technology, every one of those IP streams is a unicast, so it's consuming bandwidth just like a VOD stream. So we don't get the benefit of broadcast efficiency. And figuring out how to manage that on our network is part of the reason why we're beta-ing this particular offering. That said, we feel fairly confident about the capability of our network to ultimately deliver a video product that is IP-delivered, even a unicast IP video product. So that's where we're at.
Robert D. Marcus: Okay. So a lot there, let me start with your first question. And I think I might have fallen into this trap as well, but let me make very clear, our beta, our IP video offering, is not over-the-top. I know it's common to us to equate IP with over-the-top. In fact, this is a video service that we're delivering over our facilities, not over anybody else's. Over time, there may be a TV Everywhere component to this, just like there is one to our traditional video offering. But what we're talking about here is a managed video service over our network, so just to get that clarification out of the way. In terms of economics, I think we don't really know, but let me give you some of the puts and takes and I think you've isolated a couple of them. Clearly, the service model may be fundamentally different. The install process will be far less labor-intensive. And that's certainly a good guy in terms of the economics of doing the business. It's certainly a less capital-intensive model, in that customers will likely bring their own devices. And that will reduce the CPE capital requirements for us. By the same token, at least with today's technology, there may be a greater bandwidth requirement, so that's an offset the other way. And then, the care model, I think, really needs to evolve. And we don't yet know how that's going to work, and that's why I'm a little hesitant to declare exactly what the economics are. But I think it's reasonable to assume that this is a model that could turn out to be more interesting, more compelling for us, but, more importantly, we think it's going to be a great customer experience. And ultimately, that's what's driving our interest in pursuing this thing. In terms of the broadband pricing question, I can't give you an outlook on where broadband pricing is going, except to say we're going to continue to deliver more and more utility to customers. And, generally speaking, where customers get more value out of your products, they're willing to pay more. But what we actually charge is going to be a function of what the marketplace dictates. It's a very competitive market out there. And we're going to have to continue to price our products in a way that allows us to acquire and retain them. On usage-based pricing concession, as you describe it, I'll say it's not really appropriate for me to answer the question. Charter, as the acquirer, made the concession or offered up that they would not implement usage-based pricing. They don't implement usage-based pricing today, so I think it's a better question for Tom and his team as to what their thinking was on offering that up.
Dinesh C. Jain: Look, I think the first thing just in preface is to say that what we're doing, what we did this quarter, is very similar to what we did the last three quarters, which is that we offer a quality $90 triple play offer out there. And we are very upfront with customers when we're offering that, that at their 12-month anniversary, the price will roll up $20. I think a combination of that transparency on the front-end, coupled with really working hard to nail the customer experience through the life of that first 12 months, will give us a much better churn profile than the past experiences that you're talking about. I think in the past, in one occasion, the value of the going-in bundle was so high that when the prices rolled, the differential was just way too high. That's not the case this time. So we feel really good about what's going to happen. And the very earliest customers that we put on in the triple play bundle last year have started to roll and our experience with those customers has been very positive so far.
Dinesh C. Jain: I'll take the first part of that. I think that what we've seen so far, as Bill mentioned, 9% increase in connects. And that's coming, we believe, broadly from all the areas that we operate in and against all the competitors that we're seeing in the marketplace. We're doing particularly well in areas like L.A., where we've rolled out Maxx, and we've seen some really good growth in connects out there. So I think it's pretty even across the base.
Dinesh C. Jain: And it's important to note that about 10% of our customers are already using our TWC TV app and having that experience.
Dinesh C. Jain: No. We've certainly seen the activity that AT&T, DIRECTV have put out it in the market, but it's too early right now for us to see what the effect of that is going to be.
