Chris Winfrey: Sure. And there's a lot in what you just asked, broadband. So, as you mentioned, our subsidized rural construction is going very well and it's pacing well. We're getting faster penetration than we anticipated, probably are used for higher terminal penetration. As Jessica mentioned, as we get into next year, not only do we have the accelerated pace of construction that we get into Q4 and then into next year, but also the tailwind of the construction that we've already completed. So, as a standalone investment, the transparency around that is actually pretty high. The core markets, I think similar to what you've heard probably from others, both in the second quarter as well as third quarter, the back-to-school and dynamics, both at disconnect in Q2 and reconnected Q3 is not gotten back to where it was several years ago. Some of that could tie into the low end of the market where you have some incremental fixed wireless access. I think importantly for us we're continuing well in fiber markets and as it relates to fixed wireless access where you have a lower quality, lower throughput, lower capacity product, that's really not even lower priced when you combine mobile and Internet together. But on the increment, it appears to be that way. We feel pretty good about that space, just given the amount of bandwidth usage that increases over time and the natural capacity constraints that we've all spoken about in the past. So, I think some combination of that, as well as Jessica mentioned, we had a relatively modest, but small impact on the Disney programming dispute, which drove an additional 15,000 units. But just if you step back, for all the reasons that we know, the broadband market has been temporarily stunted for growth. But we are growing in both our existing footprint as well as in the rural subsidized footprint as well and we're providing that so people can evaluate where both pieces are. In terms of video, five years from now, I think there'll still be a traditional video business that exists. And then I'll talk a little bit about where it could evolve to. But a traditional video business that exists, hopefully with additional value in it with DTCs, bundled in, in a way that increases the stickiness of the linear business, is just to the benefit of our ourselves and programmers, we can do that through these renovated agreements with the programmers and the combination of Xumo that creates utility for customers to find content in an easier way and have a deeper library and availability of that content. I do think, as you mentioned and as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we have an opportunity to evolve to a state-of-the-art video marketplace where we can provide that type of traditional linear integrated DTC and SVOD product for customers who can afford it. It's a value. But when you get that, it's a very valuable product, and it's something that we'd be proud of. And for those customers who are going to be coming more in and out of the video market with different packages because of affordability, that's been driven by the programmers and because of the availability of DTC's à la carte, that Xumo, for us, can provide a really good marketplace to sell those products, again, for the benefit of the programmers as well and gives customers options wherever they want to go. And to your point, not only do we have the traditional video business delivered by Spectrum, but we also have the ability to monetize, from an advertising revenue perspective, the platform through our equity investment in the 50-50 joint venture of Xumo. So nobody sitting here forecasting that traditional linear video is going to grow. But I do think it still remains very important to our connectivity relationships. I think we have a strategic advantage in the marketplace because of our capabilities as a broadband provider with a scaled video platform with the programming relationships that we have and the ability to package together a hybrid model that creates value for customers and is also a distribution engine for these DTC apps, either on a standalone or a bundled basis, for customers and programmers in the future. So if I step back from a video perspective, again, I'm not forecasting growth, but the past 15 years, there's been very little to be optimistic about, either from a customer perspective because of what the programmers have done or for ourselves as a distributor. And for the first time, I see a path where we can create value for customers and create utility and that ultimately will enhance the value of the connectivity services that we provide through our seamless connectivity in Spectrum One, which we're beginning to market now as part of Xumo.
Chris Winfrey: It was our fault, Ben. That's true. Why don't I take two of those, being network evolution -- or start off with two of those network evolution video CPE, and let Jessica take expansion and any gaps that I missed on the first two. On network evolution, we -- I mentioned that we could potentially slow down by, call it, six months. And then the counter to that, obviously, is wait a second, I thought this is improving your competitive standpoint, it is. But I would flag that we're competing. One, it's not that material at a time difference. And two, we're competing well against fiber today. And our goal remains to have a superior speed claims across everywhere we operate in our footprint. That being said, we've always said that we'll accelerate investments wherever we can. And the trade-off to that is we also recognize there is value in showing some discipline to shareholders in terms of the overall envelope capital and these rural investments, which continue to expand both in terms of size and our capabilities to deploy quickly. They produce immediate gains. So when you step back and think about trying to balance both our traditional approach, which is if there's capital returns, capital that can be deployed that has great ROI go as fast as you can, at the same time, balance investor expectations and show discipline there in terms of the overall envelope, a six-month time line, it's not going to make that much difference long-term. There is an additional benefit operationally, which is that an extended time line allows some of our DAA or distributed access architecture suppliers to catch up with the latest technology at full scale so that we can deploy the most advanced gear as part of this wave of high split and DOCSIS -- eventually DOCSIS 4.0 implementation. So, that's my thoughts on network evolution. Jessica can come back in a second and clean up on that, if I missed something. On video CPE, it's -- we have, over time, spent less on video CPE because we've been able to recycle World Box at the initial beginning of deployment for Xumo, we needed to get a starting state inventory of Xumo Boxes, and that's captured in capital. On the increment, we will be deploying more new boxes than we have in the past because we're essentially using Xumo as our go-to-market deployment for video CPE, and that's going very well right now. And -- now the boxes are less expensive than what traditional boxes have been over the past, and we expect the cost of those boxes to continue to decline significantly. So, you'll have a combination of volume, which will be determined by our success, and a lower price point over time as well as lower need to build up inventory through all of our channels and throughout the country. So it's -- there's a step-up there. But long term, I don't expect it to be that material.
Chris Winfrey: So Ben, you got probably more than you asked for. But Jessica was talking and I step back -- if you step it up one level from that, I think it's important just to reiterate that this company has a very strong focus on long-term capital allocation, long-term shareholder value creation. But we also understand the value of shareholder confidence along the way. And so we're going to go outside of our comfort zone here before we finish our operating plan, try to provide some of that additional disclosure and transparency, and make sure that we've got the full buy-in of our shareholders along the way and demonstrate what we've always been, I think, is really good allocators of capital.
Chris Winfrey: Vijay, on BEAD, you talked about pipeline, the BEAD has always been very difficult to forecast exactly what it will be because there's state allocations now, but how much of that is near our footprint. We're working through all of that. It's going to take a long time for that. So, -- and -- but in the meantime, RDOF and the state grants, they're going well. And there's a very large pipeline, as we've talked about, absent BEAD. I think it's fair to say that we were somewhat disappointed in the potential guidelines that came out from NTIA. And all I'm trying to say, without getting too much in the detail, NTIA states are all aware of the issues that we have. But to be clear, the states that adopt the NTIA's proposed guidelines on things such as Internet tiers, dictating Internet tiers, dictating pricing, labor practices, those just won't be attractive state for us to bid in. And so what we will do is we'll focus our investments on the states that allow us to retain flexibility to run the business, properly respond to market demand and ultimately, earn a healthy return. So, that's our focus. And so it's very difficult to forecast what, if any, BEAD investments will occur at this stage. And it's going to take us some time, I think, to figure that out as well as everybody else for that matter. So, we're not unique.
Chris Winfrey: Phil, on the -- let me take the customer one. The -- our goal has been to increase net adds for Internet year-over-year. I think given some of what we've seen just in early October for the reasons that we talked about before, I think it would require a very successful November and December. So I think we're going to be hard-pressed to hit that. I think the underlying trends in the business we've talked about where that sets us up for 2024. And so we're really optimistic about that. But I think it requires a pretty -- a very healthy November and December in order to achieve what was our original goal.
Chris Winfrey: I'll do my best to answer as much of that as I can. The mobile retention, we're not having to do much of anything at all, simply because these lines are being actively used. They have similar port in rates to what we have elsewhere. They also have similar -- nearly similar device purchase rate. So they are real customers, they are looking very much like any other existing customer.  When they roll tier from a $0 price point for the first line, many of them are paying for a second line. But they go from a first line at $0 to $30, and that product is the fastest mobile product in the country, and it's providing it at the lowest rate relative to that speed. So, at $30, you can't replicate that mobile product anywhere else in the country that's producing that speed. And then all-in, when you think about it from a convergence standpoint, it's a product that has a structural advantage that's difficult for anyone else to replicate. So, we do have some small tactics around the edge that we can do to retain customers under different circumstances, but that's not being heavily used at this point, simply because it's sticking. On ACP, for the benefit of the broader audience, that's the affordable connectivity program. This program, federal program, it's brought Internet connectivity to customers who really wouldn't have access to broadband otherwise. And -- it's also allow existing customers who would have been coming in and out of the broadband marketplace really given the affordability issues, to remain connected consistently. So, I think we think it's been a really effective program. We're proud to be the largest ACP provider in the country. Just this week, I understand the White House has asked Congress to authorize more money for ACP earlier. And I hope that Congress will fund it before running out next year. Now, you asked the question, what happens to the extent it's not funded? Just as I mentioned, most of these customers receive -- that received ACP support today were Internet customers before the program was founded. We have low-income broadband programs that existed before ACP began and because of the value we provide in that connectivity, I do think that we'll continue to retain these customers. We have ways where they're moving them into the lower speed products that we have to be able to save the money more importantly, if you think about the mobile build the vast majority of these customers have inside their home, we can save them hundreds or even thousands of dollars every year, even though ACP disappeared simply by moving them over to our mobile. So, we have a lot of tools available to us for these customers to make sure that they stay. I hope is that we don't need to go down that path. I hope is that we can still save them that money by kind of getting them on to Spectrum Mobile and Spectrum One. But I'm hopeful that the program, which has been very successful, gets successfully renewed.
Jessica Fischer: Sure. Thanks, Craig. So I'm going to start on the wireless side, and then I'll come back and hit the Internet side. On the wireless side, our rate of net additions, it's been not perfectly steady, but fairly steady over the last four quarters now, with Spectrum One in place. And so as you lap and have the roll-off of those free lines that were in the fourth quarter of last year, and you create new free lines in the fourth quarter of this year, what I would say is that the impact that the free lines have on overall ARPU, it ceases to become a pressure on ARPU. And as the free lines as a portion make up a smaller and smaller percentage of the total lines, over time, because the base is growing underneath them and the number of free lines sort of stabilizes, I think that you do have a little bit of remaining -- or you could have a little bit of positive pressure on ARPU. The other side of that, we do still have some legacy pricing in the mix that has to roll off. So probably on wireless, more stabilized next year. If you think about what the impact is that it's having on Internet, so Internet ARPU growth, if you sort of look at it at a product ARPU level, gap growth in the year-over-year was 2.6%. Without the Spectrum One mobile allocation in there, it would have been 3.7%. So you have about a 1.1% difference in product line ARPU growth that relates to that allocation from the fee line. As those free lines start to roll off, I think actually, the dynamic is the same. The total free lines in the system become sort of steady in the year-over-year. So that mobile allocation becomes steady as you get into Q4. So, there is the potential then that what you see from a GAAP reporting perspective is better ARPU growth on the sort of Internet component, but it's related to just not having the building of that GAAP allocation inside of the Internet product.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. So maybe I'll try to help you with some numbers around network evolution and rural. I'm going to caveat it that we're still working through our operating plan for next year. So, I'm not going to give a 2024 guide. But just to help you frame the issue. If you think about where our run rate for rural passings will be in Q4 to reach our 300,000, you have to have 110,000 passings in Q4, which we're actually pretty confident that we will meet. If you take that run rate and sort of push it into four quarters of next year, we would build the 440,000 passing, which is 140,000 more rural patents than what we built this year. We've told you before, and it's true that passings timing isn't perfectly aligned with spend. So it's not a perfect guide. But if you put that at the net cost per passing, the $3,800 that we've talked about for RDOF, it would put the run rate next year on the order of $500 million higher than where we are inside of this year, assuming that all of the other components of line extensions remain the same, which there is a little variability there. But I think it's a good way to think about the issue overall. I think you have to couple that on the other side, with an understanding that network evolution spend sort of like our rural construction, is front loaded. There's a lot of costly preparation and inventory building work that needs to be done before you make it into the field to actually do the high slip or to replace equipment. We expect that we're going to spend a little over $1 billion this year in 2023 on high split, which leaves a substantial a substantial amount of spend in the project and a large portion of which if we continue at our current pace would hit inside of next year. So adjusting the timing of high split won't be enough probably to fully offset the additional line extension spend, but it can help. And as Chris said, we are looking at it sort of in the context of a total package to say, what's an appropriate amount of capital expense load to put against the business given where we sit. No, you're right. I want to say one more thing about it, though. So as we think about all of this investment that we're making in rural, I think it's probably -- we need to drive additional visibility around sort of the value that's related to having sort of unique one-time capital investments like that. We're taking a look at a lot of different ways we could think about that. We consider it a JV, but the returns are so strong. I don't think we want to share them. We've considered a tracking stock. I think structurally, it's complicated, but it does sort of do what I'm thinking about and kind of trying to create focus on the spending on rural as really acquiring passing is more like M&A, instead of thinking about it the way that you would think about CapEx. Absent doing one of those things, I am looking at additional disclosures to create more transparency. And so I think you should look for us to be trying to bring some of those disclosures early next year. And the other way that you can think about it with what's already been built, which I think is easier to sort of wrap your mind around as to what value has been created. Jonathan at New Street actually laid out a nice way to think about sort of what's the value of overall passing once it's built. His number came in around $9,000. And I'm not going to argue with him because I think it's a good space to think about it. So we built 315,000 rural passings so far. At $9,000 per passing, it's around $2.8 billion. Our average net cost per passing on the subsidized rural build is around $3,800. So, you can assume something like $1.6 billion of capital has been spent against those completed passings. And what that means is that we've created value, the current value of the passings at $2.8 billion versus the $1.6 billion that we've spent. We've already created value of $1.8 billion or $1.2 billion related to the building of those passings. And as we continue to accelerate the pace of the build, the pace at which we add that value to our business will increase. So we are looking at additional transparency there and trying to help as we sort of think about what our total capital spend might look like for next year, also making sure that we pair it with good disclosure and help from a valuation perspective so that you can see the value that those are adding to the business as we get them built.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. So Vijay, first on the cost items, I don't have any change in my expectation relative to cost to serve in sales and marketing, exiting the year at close to zero. And I think we've talked in our remarks, and it is our expectation that as our -- as the tenure in those areas mature, and as we -- because now, as of the end of Q3, we've really lapped the one-time increase related to the investments that we made on the employee side.
Jessica Fischer: Well, as of the end of the quarter, I think you also lapped in cost to serve for the most part. And so the rate of increase -- why I'd say that? So, we should expect to be more efficient across those areas going forward, whether that's sort of every quarter mix. I'm not going to be specific about where we'll be inside of next year and the quarters. But I do think our overall expectation is that from this point, we drive efficiency in those spaces.
Jessica Fischer: And as we have said all along in rural, we've been extremely disciplined from a financial perspective and looking at the specific passing that we're bidding on to make sure that we're comfortable that it will generate financial returns and all things factor into that, including the limitations that you have under the regulatory environment.
Jessica Fischer: On the EBITDA side, so thinking about what the components are, as you go into Q4 and next year, in Q4, you do still have an advertising headwind and actually the most significant advertising headwind of the year because of political advertising. But as you go into next year, then that turns around where you're back in a political year and you have the benefit of political advertising. As I said earlier, we've sort of lapped the last of our 2022 labor adjustments as at the end of Q3. So I think the trajectory from a cost perspective on cost to serve and sales and marketing is -- it gives -- you have easier comps and you have growing efficiencies sort of going into next year. In the fourth quarter, we'll start gaining revenue from the mobile free line roll-off. It's relatively small inside of Q4, but the impact builds as you go through next year. So we expect to have a good tailwind from that. And then we continue to expect to have just overall efficiency from our 10-year investments across the business. So, as we said, I think that we recognized that EBITDA was challenged in 2023, by both the investments that we're making, doing it in a nonpolitical year. But as we get into Q4 and going into next year, our expectation is that we've pushed through most of that headwind and that we'll be in a better position.
