Arthur T. Minson: Sure. Ben, what I would add about the plan is, obviously, on its face, it's more of a market share plan. And Rob talked about the growth we're expecting, customer relationships. But let me talk about places in the plan that I think are conservative because I'm a big believer in having multiple paths to achieve your overall operating and financial plan. So while we have, obviously, meaningful aspirations in growing customer relationships, I would argue that the PSUs per customer relationship we have in the plan are pretty conservative. And we're also pretty conservative in the plan on the rate side because it's a market share-based plan. I also think expenses, and Tom handed me a note that said that I may have missed a key word in my script when I noted that non-programming, non-business service expenses would grow. It should have said low single-digits; I think I just said single digits. And I will tell you, expenses are going to be a big focus for us in the plan. To put a finer point on expenses, non-programming, non-business services are going to grow in about the 2% range over the plan period. Now you -- we pick up about 1 point because of the reduction in telephony costs so, absent that, it's 3% growth. And you saw this quarter that we continue to reduce year-over-year growth and operating expenses, so that will be a place that we'll be particularly focused on through the plan period and I'd hope to do, frankly, a little bit better than that. In terms of revenue from going all digital and rolling out some of the new devices, we do have some of that in the plan. But I would -- it's pretty de minimis.
Arthur T. Minson: Yes. The only thing I would add, Rich, is financially, our plan, unlike some others, is not based on spending a lot of upfront money on putting a 2-way set-top box on every outlet and then driving revenue and OIBDA growth off of those revenue streams. It's, actually, as we've laid out today, much more of a market share plan. So I think it very much ties into our overall operating strategy. And I think that's really where we started from. We started from an operating plan and the financial plan was an output from that. And so I feel very good about where we stand with that.
Arthur T. Minson: And Rich, the only thing I would add, on a personal level, is I actually have a reputation for being a pretty conservative budgeter. People around here have heard me say often, in all my time as CFO, "I've never missed the budget." And I feel pretty good about where we stand right now.
Arthur T. Minson: Sure. Let me hit sort of my overall view on expenses. And as I said in my remarks, programming costs are going to continue to be an external pressure on us. And our best expectation at this point is they will increase double-digits next year, and we have an expectation in low double-digits and an expectation over the plan period that, that trend will continue. And not to say we're not going to fight really hard to provide our customers the best value we can and -- but I think what's important when you build the plan is sort of just to build it on based on the reality you're facing, and that's what we're facing on the programming front these days. We also know, frankly, that there are areas we want to invest. Business services, we have invested meaningfully in the sales force and we're going to continue to invest meaningfully in the sales force. And the residential team, as they roll out Max, we know there are areas that they wanted to continue to invest in, whether it was on the care or the tech ops side. So with that as reality, what, really, we have to do is take a step back and look at all other expenses. And I think what you saw this quarter, and you're going to -- should expect to see more of this, we did a meaningful reorganization. We basically eliminated about 1,000 noncustomer-facing positions, and that should provide about a $75 million annual run rate benefit. And costs are going to continue to be a focus for us, but it'll be a balance between areas we know we want to invest in to grow the business and then doing the best we can to, frankly, eliminate those noncustomer-facing costs that we think we can be more efficient in. So that's going to be a way of life here. I think the entire organization is very focused on it, and I'm personally very focused on it.
Arthur T. Minson: And the only thing I would add there is -- one of the ways we look at that number is if you look at 2013, we had about 500,000 incremental passings. So if you assume that's in the zone for the next few years, we, obviously, take a look at markets, given demographic growth are getting more passings growth. And so we do expect -- obviously, right now, Texas is red-hot, so that's going to be a place we look to. So passings is going to play a part in getting those customer relationships.
Arthur T. Minson: And Doug, the only thing I would add is one of the reasons we added a little bit of color today on the connect and disconnect is just to give a sense in the plan of how it was built because what we expect to see over the next few years in the plan is continued churn improvements, and that will happen as a result of having better products and services and better reliability. And that becomes self-fulfilling and helps on the connect side over time with those better products, with the rollout of our new branding. So as I've said, 5% improvements in the connects and disconnects can have really meaningful impact on the net add numbers. And I think with that investment, that's a very reasonable assumption.
Arthur T. Minson: The only thing I would add, Frank, is when you break it down into its component parts, the incremental spending, I think it's very manageable and we have very exact plans around what we're doing. If you take the incremental $500 million of CPE -- $500 million of capital this year, it breaks down roughly CPE up $250 million. About $100 million of that is in video, about $150 million in HSD and there are specific projects and work streams around that. You then have about $150 million increase in scalable infrastructure as we continue to invest in the plan to increase HSD speeds and, again, very discrete projects with very specific work plans around that. The only other thing I would add, too, is just organizationally, I think Dinni noted, all the heavy lifting has been done. And so really, the teams are set up well and very organized to execute.
Robert D. Marcus: Sure. So first, with the cloud-based guide, Jessica, it's -- this is not a pacing issue. The guide works on -- potentially could work on roughly 6 million of our set-top boxes, so we will be fully rolled out. It's not that we can't do it faster. That's the total number of boxes that the new cloud-based guide can work on. One of the requirements is that, essentially, they have a cable modem in them and some of the older boxes just don't have that cable capability to deliver the metadata from the cloud. So actually, I expect to be rolled out to the full 6 million boxes relatively early in the new year. In terms of impact, a little too early to tell. We really haven't heavily marketed the new guide and let people -- let customers know about it. Again, part of what we're doing here is trying to make sure that we have a more fulsome, complete rollout before we make a lot of noise about it. But I totally agree with you. It is light-years ahead of anything we've delivered before. In particular, the VOD portal, with the terrific box art and the advanced search capability, are head and shoulders above the prior experience. And ultimately, what we expect is that it will just increase the overall attractiveness of our video offering and also should allow for greater discoverability of our VOD offerings, and I would hope an uptick in transactional VOD. But it's a little early to tell on both of those, although I'm confident that that's where we're headed. In terms of overbuild activity, if you look at U-verse, I think we're now at roughly 28% overbuild of our entire footprint and, on the FiOS side, about 13%. The U-verse growth is a little bit faster, FiOS has been fairly static in that 11%, 12%, 13% range for some time. It's very hard to judge how many of the FiOS homes that are built to but not yet marketed are in our footprint. I suspect there are some in New York City, although Staten Island is virtually completely overbuilt at this point, so it would be Manhattan primarily where additional overbuild would occur. We've assumed kind of current course for the next year and then it flattens out.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. So on electronic sell-through, certainly, some of our peers have embarked on that. And it sounds like a very interesting opportunity, which we will certainly be evaluating. It's -- we can do it on our new platforms. So it's something we're definitely thinking about. In terms of targeted advertising, look, the primary developments we've made advances on in the targeted advertising realm actually are independent of the new guide, and the key area is our ability to dynamically insert ads in VOD content. And we've made great strides in that, cooperating with our fellow partners in Canoe. And it's a long time coming, but it's now a reality. And we have an increasing number of programmers who are actually dynamically inserting ads. It's generating incremental ad dollars for them, but it's also encouraging them to make more content available on VOD, which makes our platform better. So I think it's good all the way around.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. Well, Rich, we have a very variable heavy compensation structure, both in the form of variable cash bonuses on an annual basis and also the proportion of our total compensation that is in equity which, I think, is reflective of our ability to hit these goals. What's unique about our compensation structure this year is that it's not exclusively based on hitting financial targets, which generally has been in the past, it is based on financial targets, yes. So in other words, we have to hit these '14 numbers to get paid. But it also has components that are subscriber metrics, customer performance, customer satisfaction metrics, rollout of the Max program base metrics, so there are an awful lot of component parts here that we must deliver on in order to earn our variable compensation.
Robert D. Marcus: Well, Amy, I can -- this builds on a challenge that I talked about on our Q3 call, which was that I challenged the team to win back 0.5 million high-speed data customers from DSL over the subsequent 18-month period, now 15-month period. And we're making good progress on that front. The composition of subs, of customer relationships is a mix. Although admittedly, it is as it -- per our plan, pretty heavy on single plays relative to the past, and that's because of the power we think we have on the HSD front. Artie mentioned that that's a conservative assumption in the plan and we sure like to see us having a higher bundled results than what the plan has, and I think that's doable. So with HSD as a big driver, the DSL markets, the non-fiber overbuild markets, are the most significant contributor to what we hope to achieve. But our game plan is to go full speed ahead in all markets.
Robert D. Marcus: There really isn't. We probably talked about this in the past. There, historically, have been issues of relating to older in-building wiring in New York City. But by and large, we've been methodically going through the New York City, the Manhattan footprint, and accomplishing rewiring in buildings where it's necessary. It actually does have the effect of meaningfully reducing customer issues and trouble calls. And as necessary, we'll continue to do that. But it's not -- that's not a new -- it's a not a new function for us. We've historically done it on a regular basis.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. Of course, we're -- when we contemplate our plan, we assume that all of our competitors will continue to strive to win customers just like we are. But we feel confident that one, we can stay ahead of them; and two, a place where everybody has talked for a long time but not succeeded is improving that customer service experience, and we really think that that's an opportunity to differentiate ourselves. And try as they may, we just don't think the other guys are going to get there. So we feel very good about our ability to deliver a better customer experience.
Robert D. Marcus: I think there are opportunities everywhere. But again, I always point to some -- to say low-hanging fruit maybe trivializes the effort that's going to go into executing on it, but I continue to see a huge opportunity in our video-only base, who I think we can upsell to video HSD given the superiority of our HSD product. We made some good strides upselling video-onlys this past quarter. I think we added something like 100,000 -- we've migrated something like 100,000 customers from video-only to video Internet, doubles and triples. And we'll continue to seize that opportunity. And then generally, in DSL markets, I continue to believe that our share ought to be much higher than it is today on HSD.
Robert D. Marcus: Doug, I certainly agree with that. And we've been, I think, industry-leading in terms of our focus on segmenting our potential customer base. We had great success in Q4 with our $14.95, 2-buy-1 HSD service that was designed to accomplish just what you described, which is hit a portion of the market that was particularly price-sensitive. And that was fairly statically connected to their DSL subscriptions. We knew that we had to deliver an affordable, superior offering to what DSL was offering in order to jar them loose, and I think we're making great strides there. So I think you could expect to continue to see us do that type of thing.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. Frank, I guess, I would very simply start by saying I feel very good about the plan. I think we're realistic about which changes take effect when. So largely, the improvements we're going to see in 2014 in subscriber performance are very much driven by building on the momentum we've got on the acquisition and retention side already underway. The improvements in customer experience clearly takes some time to sink in to have an impact on overall subscriber trends. But that's essentially what we've built into the plan. We contemplate that, that will take a little bit of time to kick in. And that's why you see stabilization of residential customer relationships in 2014, and then you really start to see growth in '15 and '16 when the benefits of our acquisition retention strategies, together with really improved customer experience, start to take hold.
Robert D. Marcus: I wouldn't say that. I think cultural change clearly requires an evolution. It starts with the tone that's set from the senior leadership team and I think we're well along on accomplishing that. And that'll continue to permeate the organization over time. I wouldn't set it up as plan first, culture follows. This is something that is all taking place essentially simultaneously.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. Let me start by addressing the Verizon decision. I think it's -- at this point, the outcome of the Verizon decision is not going to affect the policy approach that we take towards HSD and HSD pricing. We've never had any interest in blocking or discriminating against any particular content. We're really about delivering the best possible HSD customer experience. So the -- to the extent that the FCC's blocking and nondiscrimination rules were struck down, that's not going to change the way we behave. Our usage-based pricing view has always been that we think that it's an elegant economic model to have customers who use more, pay more, and not have customers who are light users have to subsidize the use of heavy users. And as a result, we felt strongly that it was important for us to get usage-based offerings into the market. And we now have a 5-gigabyte tier and a 30-gigabyte tier offered across our footprint. At the same time, as we felt those models make sense, we also think that an unlimited offering is incredibly attractive to customers. And I think customers have spoken with their actions because, still, the vast, vast majority of our customers take the unlimited offering. In fact, the uptake of our usage-based here is still very small. Will that always be the case? Might it differ as pricing differentials between unlimited and usage-based tiers evolve? Sure, it might. I think our -- we view our mandate as to provide customers with a whole lot of choice. So I expect we'll continue to pursue both models. The idea of charging content companies for some preferential access or for not having bits counted in a lot of the AT&T Wireless sort of 800-number analog, I think it's early to say how all that will play out and whether or not that will pass muster from whatever the FCC ends up doing post the Verizon decision. I think we'll watch those models closely and see where it goes.
Robert D. Marcus: So remember, our view on usage-based tiers has really never been about that being a significant driver of ARPU. We've always viewed it as an opportunity to do a better job at target pricing or segmenting our markets so that we could charge light users a more affordable price and not force them to subsidize heavy users. So to the extent that there were benefits on the revenue side, we always thought that they would come from having happier customers where the price-value equation was more synced up and, therefore, it would create a more stable customer base and less churn. We really didn't focus on this notion of having overcharges because our theory has been that we would always offer an unlimited tier, and then customers who use a lot would always opt for the unlimited tier.
Robert D. Marcus: Vijay, I'm going to repeat myself, which is we're in the business of maximizing shareholder value. We have said that if, in fact, an offer were presented that exceeds the value that we think we can create by operating the company pursuant to our operating plan ourselves, we would be willing to engage. We said that the price that it would take to transact would be $160, and this is specific to Charter, $100 in cash, $60 in Charter stock. And importantly, the stock component protected by a 20% symmetrical collar because we have concerns about the way Charter stock would trade between signing and closing. So I'm not telling you anything new, but that's a firm position. What I think, hopefully became abundantly clear today, is that we feel very good about our ability to run this business and we think we can create a whole lot of value for shareholders. I'm not going to comment on day-to-day stock trading prices, but we feel very good about our ability to create value at this company.
Robert D. Marcus: Okay. Thanks, everybody. We certainly covered a lot of ground this morning, but before we wrap up, I just want to leave you with some final thoughts. First, the residential business turnaround is well underway. We're committed to enhancing the customer experience, which will drive significant subscriber growth which, in turn, will accelerate our residential revenue. Second, the robust in profitable revenue growth in business services will continue for years to come. We will continue to invest in this opportunity and we will make this a very large profitable business. And third, even with the investment required to refuel the revitalization of residential and the continued strong growth of business services, we still have the firepower to engage in opportunistic M&A and return very significant amounts of capital to our shareholders. We hope you've gotten a sense of the talent, focus and passion we have on the team. And I know I speak from all 52,000 Time Warner Cable employees when I say that I'm confident that our best days are ahead of us. Thank you, and we look forward to talking to you again soon.
