Robert D. Marcus: I don't know. Just in the way of details, Craig. We got the IntelligentHome product now launched in 5 cities. We're in central New York, Rochester, Charlotte, and in L.A., Southern California. And the customer numbers are still very small. We're in the low thousands of customers, but the feedback has been really positive and the installation processes are going well, and customers seem to be appreciating it. So, so far so good, I think we'll report more as we learn more and as the number of customers grows. On the WiFi front, I think Glenn covered it.
Robert D. Marcus: Let me just seize the opportunity a little bit for you and then I'll respond specifically to your question. Home security in the U.S. -- and assume for the moment that what's driving the initial sales of this product is home security as opposed to the other features Glenn described. I think we can debate that. The home security business is somewhere in the neighborhood of an -- residential home security -- of a $9 billion business. If you multiply that by the percentage of the total U.S. we cover, we're talking about an opportunity of, let's say is, I don't know, $1.5 billion to $2 billion. Penetration of U.S. homes is somewhere in the neighborhood of 18% or 19%. So we think it's a nice business. It's not a huge opportunity. We'd love to see meaningful penetration in 2013, but I think it's a little early to tell.
Robert D. Marcus: Well, look, we've been competing with FiOS for some time now in many of our markets, including New York City. As I mentioned, they were somewhat more aggressive in Q4 than they've been in the past. And not surprisingly, as a result of that, in New York City and in upstate New York, where competition from FiOS is most intense, our performance was relatively weaker. None of that comes as a surprise to us. And just as we've done in other markets that FiOS has entered, we've been aggressive in our marketing and ensured that our product set is as good as it can be anywhere. As you know, we're all-digital in New York City. We've got DOCSIS 3.0 rolled out. We've got the most HD channels in New York City that we have anywhere, so we think we're well equipped to compete. The one thing I would remind you of is that when we talk about FiOS competition, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, the FiOS overlap of the Time Warner Cable footprint is still only 12%. So they're tough competitors. We think we're up to the task, but it's manageable relative to size of the overall business.
Robert D. Marcus: Jessica, on the Verizon Wireless question. So as you know, we've got what I would describe as reciprocal agency agreements between us and Verizon Wireless. They'll sell our products and we'll sell theirs. And in the early days, first markets we launched, I would expect that the offerings, that each of us make of our respective products, will probably look a lot like what Comcast and Verizon Wireless launched with in the 2 markets that they've launched. So we're talking about really bundling together a wireless plan with our Triple Play, in the simplest case. And what the incentive to buy that bundle is will probably be something we tweak over time. So as to the second part of your question, we have every expectation that Verizon Wireless will, in fact, be able to help drive our offerings, as well as our selling theirs. And as for the JV, I think it's a little early to talk specifically about what might come out of that JV, but the intent is certainly enhance each of our products by developing products that take advantage of the fact that we're working together -- in other words, enhance the seamless integration of wireless and wireline. So we're excited by that, too, but it's a little too early to talk specifically about it.
Robert D. Marcus: Again, it's very hard to say how long that process will take. I know Verizon, yesterday, said -- earlier in the week, said something like midyear. That's as good a guess as any, but we really don't have any specific date.
Robert D. Marcus: I think, more than anything else, our pricing strategy is dictated by what the marketplace will bear as opposed to what our underlying cost structure is. So while it would be nice to say we can always pass-through all increases in our cost base to customers, the ultimate driver is what the marketplace will bear. And I can't really speculate about whether or not 2012 will be more or less competitive. I would argue it's been manageable to-date and we'll see where it goes.
Robert D. Marcus: We highlighted, in our prepared remarks, some of the things we're doing on the commercial front to support what we expect will be, once again, robust growth. So capabilities we need. We need to invest in our plan to ensure that we have more commercial premises on our network and we need to continue to expand our sales force. And I think those are both capabilities that we are able to deliver on an organic basis. So I think we've got what we need to continue to grow this business.
Glenn A. Britt: Interesting question, and it's a very complex legal issue actually. There's nothing stopping consumers from having an antenna. But whether we provide that and if it's part of our cable system, as a legal matter, is a very complicated thing. It is something we look at a great deal. Let's leave the answer at that.
Glenn A. Britt: Jessica, this is Glenn. Let me answer the second one. And then for the Verizon one, I'll have Rob answer it. Obviously, what we end up charging other affiliates in L.A. is of great interest to everybody in the sports market ,and it's a complicated situation. Everybody's watching it. We are not quite ready to go to market yet, and though disappointing, it's premature for me to comment on that. But when we're ready, we will tell everybody what the placing is going to be.
Glenn A. Britt: Doug, there actually isn't a huge amount to report there. I think there's increasingly devices on the market that allow Internet connection. We don't anticipate doing that anytime soon with our big base of legacy set-tops. They don't have that capability. But we do plan to use, as you know, all these devices for our own products, and Rob went through some of what we're doing. We have not seen a huge impact of this on our video subscriptions, and all of the studies and surveys that we continue to see report that. But it's something we pay a lot of attention to.
Glenn A. Britt: I think there are -- remember, the average TV in America is on for some very large number of hours a day -- what, 6, 7, 8 hours a day, whatever the latest number is. And this activity you're talking about is kind of sporadic, watching specific programs. So most people watch a lot of TV and they like these packages of linear networks. And the services we're talking about are not, at this point, a substitute for that. Having said that, there are people who don't watch TV very much and they're quite satisfied with just being able to watch a few shows now and then. And we all know a lot of those people, and I think that affects our perception of what's really going on in terms of the mass market.
Glenn A. Britt: I think Rob may have some comments, too, but this is a very complicated subject. And in the old days, people saw this business as a quasi-utility, and they would quote rates and there was a big focus in newspapers on the rate increase every year. We now have a very large array of products and different packages, and we price those market by market, taking account of the competition and competitive offers. So it's a very complicated matrix and it's not an across-the-board thing that you can easily characterize. So Rob, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
Irene M. Esteves: John, it's Irene. We are not giving guidance, particularly on the margin, because there's so many puts and takes to that. And it's just difficult to predict and -- with where we're going on mix and so forth. But we did talk about operating income growth in high single-digits, which we're committed to. And we typically -- we just don't manage to a margin. We're trying to grow absolute profit of the company, but not really forecasting a specific margin.
Irene M. Esteves: I think it's more of an old normal. We saw this for a couple of years and then a slight dip in 2011. We expect it to go back up, and it has to do with the contracts that we have already and the new contracts coming up. The old contracts have accelerators in them. That's what we expect out of the new contracts, so it's going back to the old normal.
Irene M. Esteves: As you know, we're not giving any guidance on pacing on buybacks. So that's not part of the guidance. But it is an all-in number, and we think it's in keeping with our objectives of growing our operating income and having that drop to the bottom line. We did have, as you know, those special items in 2011 which we hope we've laid out in Note 1 to help get the apples-to-apples comparison.
Irene M. Esteves: Well, the guidance that we have given is that we expect to return over 100% of free cash flow. So we hope that's helpful.
Irene M. Esteves: And I think that drives to the second point, which is our operating and capital expenditures toward this business. As you said, we're aggressively investing behind it, both in capital -- we expect the capital intensity to go up in this part of the business, as well as operating expenses as we hire new folks to build out the business. But that's all taken into consideration as we talk about our operating income growing at high single-digits. We're finding opportunities and efficiencies in the rest of the business in order to fund both the business services build-out, as well as the other new initiatives we talked about and still deliver that high single-digit operating income growth.
