Glenn Britt: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. We had a good third quarter, in which we grew revenues and adjusted OIBDA roughly 5% and 6%, respectively. ARPU growth was strong. In fact, total ARPU per customer relationship increased almost 7%. Our Commercial Services and Advertising businesses continued to accelerate with year-over-year revenue growth rates of approximately 22% and 23%, respectively. Consistent with our comments during the quarter, subscriber net adds grew weaker than we've seen before. These results reflect the weak economy, with continuing high rates of unemployment and housing vacancies, as well as a very competitive marketplace. The impact wasn't uniform. Some services fared better than others. Our high speed data product performed the best on a relative basis and our customers continued to choose faster speeds. In terms of the bottom line, we generated $1 of EPS in the quarter for the first time since becoming a public company. And through the first nine months of the year, we have generated more than $1.6 billion of free cash flow. When we went public three and a half years ago, we had set out to build a company that is consistent, transparent and shareholder-friendly. We followed through in a series of steps, starting with our separation from Time Warner Inc. and our payment of a $10.9 billion special dividend. Since then, we've been steadfastly committed to a leverage target of 3.25x adjusted OIBDA and we've been consistent in our public statements that as we delevered below 3.25x, we would return capital to our shareholders. In keeping with this strategy, we announced regular dividend this last January with the yield at announcement of 3.7%. Despite strong appreciation of our stock price in the intervening nine months, our yield remains well above our cable and satellite years. As a result of our continuing progress, we're now positioned to return even more capital to our shareholders. This morning, we announced that our board has authorized a $4 billion share repurchase program. This repurchase program, in conjunction with our regular dividend, once again reflects our confidence in the strength and stability of the company's free cash flows. In operations, we are redoubling our focus on the customer experience to further improve our competitive position. A number of very exciting products and services that have been in the incubation process are now poised for release. These new capabilities support our 4 Anys framework, that is the notion that our customers want access to any content any time, anywhere and on any device. Consistent with the anywhere and anytime aspects, we have launched our Remote DVR Manager to much of our footprint including New York City and whole home DVRs available in some systems and will be broadly available by year-end. We're proud to be the first multichannel provider to offer ESPN to our customers via TV Everywhere capability. Last week, we debuted authenticated access to ESPN3 and the ESPN linear feed for customers who subscribe to a video tier that includes ESPN. In the near future, we plan to offer access to ESPN2, ESPNU and the new ESPN goal line and the ESPN Buzzer Beater through the same process. This gives our customers an unprecedented level of access from multiple locations and devices to great live sports content. We plan to add more content from a wide range of networks to our TV Everywhere capability in the near future. In addition, we are on the cusp of harnessing the power of consumer electronics products in the home. In the not-too-distant future, our customers will have the opportunity to use their iPad as a remote control. And we're working on infrastructure that could enable customers to enjoy our entire video product on any IP-connected device in the home. On a different front, we've been very pleased with our signature home offering in Charlotte. Signature home is a feature-rich, triple-play offering targeted at high ARPU customers who want all of our best-in-class products and who demand a much more personalized service experience. It's been rolled out across much of our footprint in the coming weeks. In addition, we're planning to complement this high-end suite of services with a budget-oriented video offering, consistent with our belief that some customers would like a smaller package. In summary, the company is doing well. We're introducing important new offerings that we think will give our customers control in ways that are simple and easy. We are performing well financially despite the economic and competitive climate, and our efforts are paying off in the generation of strong free cash flow. And all of these makes it possible for us to return a large amount of capital to our shareholders through regular dividends and the share repurchase program that we announced this morning. Next, Rob will give you additional details on our financial performance.
Glenn Britt: I think first of all, you've actually written about this a lot, there is certainly a segment of our economy and our population that is under economic duress and we think it's important for this broader industry, meaning programmers and distributors, to be responsive to that. I've been talking about that for a long time. So we have sought in our programming negotiations which are ongoing with all sorts of people to get more flexibility around that. Obviously, going the other way, in the Programming business, their cost tend to be somewhat fixed so if they're facing smaller audiences and/or a smaller subscription, that's a big problem for them. So it's natural for those companies to resist. So there's a balance in this and I would just leave it to say, we have negotiated some additional flexibility beyond what we had a few years ago that will allow us to begin to offer some smaller packages or lower prices. Probably not all the way where we would like to be, but we're moving in the right direction.
Glenn Britt: I think we're right on the cusp of that. And I'll try to give you a short answer because I could talk about this for the whole rest of the time. But there's obviously a lot of new product introduction both from the CE industry and from what used to be the IT industry and sometimes they look the same. And what we need to do is make sure that our services on all the devices take advantage of the functionality. So I mentioned the idea of using an iPad as a remote which we've been working on for a while. There's a clip on YouTube that shows a demo of an early prototype. You are starting to see in the market and I think you're going to see much more robust way TV sets that directly offer IP connectivity. And as I said in my remarks, we want to create the infrastructure so that our video services can be delivered directly to those TV sets in the home. That's not really so dramatic, it's just like going from analog to digital, et cetera. Those TVs to the extent they start having more intelligence, and the first ones may not have a browser, but the later ones will. I think we'll be able to display a lot more interesting program interfaces, user interfaces. Some of that software may be moved back into the network instead of the DS device. But all of this means that consumers are going to get better experience and I think over time, without set-tops, which is an interesting factor also. So that's my attempt at a fairly short answer.
Glenn Britt: Well, first of all, our plan is to, as we often do, is to try a new service in a few markets and learn from that and then if it seems to work, and we like it then, then we roll it out more broadly. So being an optimist, I think it's something we will roll out more broadly. I think that what we're trying to do is segment our audience. We've been very -- with the growing sophistication in our marketing efforts, a better understanding of different parts of the marketplace -- and this is an industry that traditionally had sort of one-size-fits-all, and what we're learning is that not only the demographics, but the psychographics of different groups are quite different. And it's possible to create an offering that pleases one group that actually angers another group. So this is in that context. To the extent they are -- that these are people who are leaving us and maybe leaving the whole category. I think it should help, but we'll have to see.
Glenn Britt: Sure, it's a pretty complicated subject, but I think that if you go back to why do we have set-tops to begin with, although they've become quite common, they're not something we necessarily started out wanting to have, which I think is somewhat of a misperception sometimes, the. Simple reason we have set-tops is that the consumer electronics devices in general are not capable of displaying all of our services without a set-top. So by and large, the consumer electronics devices are not too way capable. They can't do VOD, they can't do program guides, they can't un-encrypt encrypted services, so there's a piracy issue. Obviously, some of the SEC rules on cable cards have attempted to deal with the encryption problem. But we would be delighted to not have set-top boxes. The thing I left out, too, is the hard drive DVR is in the set-tops. I think the world we're going to -- we spent a lot of time with the big consumer electronics companies, the way we're going to is one where these devices will be more intelligent and more easily networked, so that we can envision a world with at least where people buy new TVs, where we might not have to set-tops. I think it may move to a gateway device because the old TVs will live for a very long time, so we'll need some sort of interface and some place for the hard drive. Quite frankly, moving the DVR functionality back into the network which we pioneered with Maestro and Cablevision has been working on, that's a better engineering solution. But given the stance of the company right owners, it might not be one that we can do on a widespread basis quickly. And so that's a little bit confused, but I think you're going to see, over time, fewer set-tops, lower CPE spending. And hopefully more of the intelligence move back into the network, as well as into a consumer home device. And by the way, this will all result in a much better consumer experience which is what we should really be focused on.
Glenn Britt: I think that our high-speed Data business is fundamentally a different product than our video product. Our video product essentially we are selling a bundle of content and obviously, there's content cost associated with that. High-speed Data business, we are selling access to the Internet and then the consumer refuses to go where they want. You will note in our ESPN arrangement, we require you to be a video subscriber. That is unlike what the other operators have done.
Glenn Britt: I think what you see is a whole lot of different efforts to make it easier to get Internet content on TVs. I think to some extent, the idea of buying a separate box is going to be superseded by the new TVs that will have direct Internet conductivity. And as I've said before, I'm not sure those are in the market anywhere yet, but I know they're going to be in the market very soon if they are not actually in the stores. So I think what you have is -- Apple is different to Google and they should all speak for themselves, but Google is very interesting. I think they're trying to extend their surge in software capability. And to the extent consumers want that, that should be an interesting thing and perhaps complementary to some of the things that we do. Apple presumes we want to sell devices compatible with their other devices and we'll see where that goes in a world where the CE companies themselves are offering that functionality.
Robert Marcus: Doug, I'm not going to tighten up the range, but I think you're in the right -- the middle of the range is the right zone, but I'm not going to get too much tighter. The drivers of that -- let me go through them because they're all cost driven and they're all or at least several of them are kind of one-time in nature. Let's start with bad debt. You may remember that in 2009, with the economy being what it was, we actually increased our allowance for doubtful accounts. As we closed out 2009, we took a fresh look at that number and actually reversed it. So we have a tough year-over-year comparison on the bad debt front which won't repeat itself. Programming costs, we've talked about this before, but we expect the growth in -- it'll be the first full quarter under our new Disney deal. So that has an impact on programming costs. On casualty insurance, which is another kind of comparison issue, again, we had an adjustment in Q4 of '09 that will cause that to be a tough comparison, again, shouldn't repeat itself. And the last element is that we'll continue to spend on our Wireless business and a lot of the spend is back loaded, so we'll have more spending in Q4 than we did in the other quarters of the year. So I'm not sure I would draw any conclusions about growing forward margins from that.
Robert Marcus: It's the same old issue we've always had, Doug. It's hard not to acknowledge that programming costs growth continues to outpace video revenue growth, but there's enough other positive things on the margin side, including a positive shift in revenue mix that we feel good about our ability to manage margins.
Robert Marcus: Jason, we're really not going to disclose anything about the timing of our repurchases. As we'd said, the driving force behind this is our balance sheet management strategy and our target leverage ratio of 3.25x. But beyond that, we're really not going into timing.
Robert Marcus: James, we're going to look at all the market conditions, share price is certainly one of those. We'll, of course, also be looking at what other opportunities there are that may present themselves to deploy our financial capacity and ways to generate even more attractive returns than buying back shares. So by design, the buyback program has a certain amount of flexibility built into it and really, that's all we're alluding to.
Robert Marcus: Sure. I think what you're describing is essentially something you have to do in order to execute a buyback program. We're not going to buy back shares if we think the price doesn't justify it and we're going to compare the potential returns of buying back shares to other opportunities to deploy our financial capacity. And I don't think it's much for complicated than that.
Robert Marcus: Historically, it declined, but the DTV transition boosted it up a little bit. So I think if you sort of took two points in time now and several years ago, the difference wouldn't be that material.
