Chris Winfrey: So Doug, I’ll start it off with the go-to-market on Spectrum One. We have two offers out there today. One is for acquisition of Freeline together with Internet and essentially, the other one is if you purchase the line to give the second one for free for an existing customer. Those customers are great customers that have good usage, and they are getting the fastest product in the country from a connectivity standpoint. And when – I’ve said it before, but when the promotional period rolls off, they are going to have not only the fastest connectivity product, but they are going to have the best price in the marketplace as well at $29.99. That includes taxes and fees, contracts. So it’s a very, very attractive offer from a quality standpoint and from a pricing standpoint, not only at promotion but at retail. So our expectation is these are great customers. They are normal lines, and they are not going to be able to replicate the service or pricing that they are getting from us at retailer or promotion anywhere else in the marketplace. So our expectation is that it all sticks.
Chris Winfrey: One other thing to add to that this is not a moment in time. We were talking about it before the call. Our intent here is to grow and to grow more and to continue the path that we’re on. So I think this is just the beginning, and we’re excited about what we’re doing, not just from a mobile perspective, but from an overall connectivity standpoint and the value that we can bring to customers both in qualitative product and save them a lot of money.
Chris Winfrey: And I’d just add two quick things to that, Doug. One is on the cost side, if you think about all the OpEx and the CapEx investments that we’ve talked about, it’s really setting us up for a prolonged multiyear period of continuing lower cost to serve for customer relationship which will benefit our cash flow for years to come. But the other piece at the end of this year, if it ties back to your first question, we have a wall of good customers who are receiving a promotional rate today that are going to roll to a retail rate at $29.99 and stick. So you not only got the cost side that starts to lap the prior year investments, but you also have the revenue side that starts to kick in at the fourth quarter of this year, and that just gets better and better as we go.
Chris Winfrey: Thanks, Ben. The point you made about the seasonality with winter is right. In my prepared remarks, I mentioned in March, it was that it was much higher in terms of the already coming out of the back end. The full year target is 300,000 subs rural builds, and we intend to meet that we’re on plan to meet that. So from an internal planning perspective, we’re right on where we need to be – if you have to keep in mind that we – a lot of our build is taking place in places like Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin. In January and February, there is a little bit harder to get around. Whether you’re going on poles or whether you’re going underground, it’s a little harder in that environment. So nothing that we haven’t expected and already coming out the back end, we’re picking up. The – unless there is a more technical for Jessica, the – it’s from activation that we start the clock for 0 to 6 months. So once the plant is constructed and it’s opened up for marketing, that’s the T minus zero, so to speak.
Chris Winfrey: Look, I always find it strange when somebody tries to do your IR for you, but we had a great quarter. These are great adds. We said what we said, and they are going to stick because it’s high-quality product. It’s the fastest in the market and it saves customers a ton of money. So beyond what we’ve already said, I think we will leave it at that and continue to grow our line counts and we will do our own IR. Thank you.
Chris Winfrey: Hey, John, so the – in the trending schedule, you’ll see that the subsidized rural customers that were added inside the quarter were 17,000, which means the bulk of our net adds came from our existing footprint. So we’re competing very well across the entire market. That includes both where we have existing – certainly existing fiber overbuild as well as where there is new fiber overbuild, and we’re competing and more than holding our own in that footprint. We saw a little bit of softness, both in the gross adds and to a lesser extent, really on churn, but mostly in gross adds. Interestingly, the non-gigabit overbuild area because it’s the first time that somebody has had an alternative, and so fixed wireless access in that marketplace seems like an interesting alternative until people find out ultimately that the throughput and the capabilities aren’t the same as the broadband that we provide. So we’re competing very well across all markets, just to be very clear, but that’s the dynamics that we’re seeing inside the legacy footprint. The passings that we’re building that are subsidized rebuild, not only do we expect to have continuing improving performance spectrum, one of the legacy footprint but the passings that we’re building from a rural standpoint just continue to get larger and would be a larger contributor to our growth over time. On high split, we’re enhancing the spectrum availability of our network, which improves contention on the upstream as well as higher both downstream and upstream capabilities, which gives us marketing claims in the marketplace. But it also signals to competitors that we’re – they are not going to have that marketing clean with us. And so the upstream is helpful, but I think it’s more at this stage to have a significant marketing claim in the marketplace and we get a fair amount of network benefits from a quality standpoint in the actual network. And so we will get payback from both of those, both from competitiveness as well as essentially reduced truck roll and reduced node splits over time as well from what we’re doing.
Chris Winfrey: So I’ll take the video. There is a pretty clear correlation to when we’ve taken rate increases either on video or even a more recent increase that we had on the Internet. So there is a downgrade element that takes place at the point of programming pass-through, which we’ve had to do because of where the programmers have been. And I also think in addition to that, because the point-of-sale discussion with the customer has been focused on Internet and mobile, the length of that conversation is a little longer. And I think there are things that we can do to have a better attach rate to a video at the point of sale now and certainly in the future, as we think about the rollout of Xumo towards the back half of this year. It’s a very compelling product. It’s very simple. It’s straightforward. It has a tremendous amount of utility towards customers for both their OTT as well as any live video viewing and subscriptions that they have. As I’ve said it before, it’s the platform that I’d like to have on all of my TVs. And I think it’s going to be very attractive to customers and I think it has the opportunity to really improve our trajectory on video as well in a profitable way.
Chris Winfrey: We haven’t gotten through all the reporting definitions yet, but I think the right way to think about it is to the extent the customer takes a video service from Charter, then it would be reported as a video PSU. And to the extent it’s just a platform that we are distributing that our customers can use as connectivity plus customers, then likely, it’s just going to be a Xumo unit and it will be an added benefit to our existing connectivity relationship. But I reserve the right to take that out loud together with Jessica over time. But I think that’s the more natural way it will go.
Chris Winfrey: Sure. I think the device business and that’s not why we got into mobile. And we got into mobile to provide the fastest connectivity service and to save customers money on their monthly overall connectivity service and to bring convergence, a product that doesn’t really exist anywhere, but Charter and cable generally today. So, never say never but we don’t see a need, and we don’t have any plans to be aggressively into the subsidy business from a device standpoint. We don’t need to because we provide significant value, best fees, the best product and the best amount of savings already with what we are – our go-to-market strategy today.
Chris Winfrey: So, I would start first saying the RDOF returns that we have are extremely attractive. And then that we are really pleased with what we are doing, both on RDOF as well as the other state brands that were coming out of some of the ARPA and other COVID funds. And that’s been highly successful. On BEAD, it’s really too early to tell. We have been very successful where we have gone into different subsidy, RFPs simply because we are aggressive and because we are the most experienced rural builder in the entire country. So, when we go tell a Local, State or Federal government that we are going to build, and we are going to build within a certain timeline, we have probably the most – not probably, we have the most credibility because we are the largest rural provider. Today, we the largest rural builder and we have won awards for the success and the quality of what we do. And we have the ability not just to bring broadband into these rural communities, but we have the ability to save customers, significant amounts of money on their already high mobile builds as well as bring video into these places. So, it’s not just a single play Internet. We bring a whole suite of connectivity services that save customers money. We have been successful and so – both economically as well as from a quality standpoint, our success rate is high and our credibility is very good. But in terms of what we win in BEAD, it’s certainly, it’s factored into some of our outlook on CapEx, but time will tell how successful we can really be on that front. But I am bullish I think we are going to do well.
Chris Winfrey: Yes. We have great visibility to our cost. We have supply and labor equipment all lined up, and we know what it costs in each of these different markets already. So, our experience to-date is really going to bode well for giving us confidence in what we bid on. On the overall broadband market, I do think that there continues to be the headwind of all the COVID volume that was pulled forward in the broadband market and in combination of just a lower transaction, lower moving environment. And so I think the entire market is still suffering from that as a little bit as well as a small swing back into wireless substitution. So, we are seeing some of that as well. Housing starts also been down, so that clearly contributes into this as well, and all of which I think is temporary in nature. The difficulty that I think if you hear from the entire industry is when is it going to come back to normal and none of us really have a crystal ball. But I think if I listen to what others are saying or including our peers, we all – there is no reason to think that we don’t get back into the normalized market environment. It’s just become very difficult to predict exactly when that happens. In the meantime, we compete well. We are growing both in legacy markets as well as obviously in our new build area. And through a combination of market normalization as well as a very large pipeline of un-served rural passings that we are constructing, the opportunity for growth in Internet as well as in mobile is very good for us.
Chris Winfrey: Craig, on the traffic offload, I mentioned in the prepared remarks that we have now deployed spectrum mobile network to all capable devices, which is our advanced WiFi service, and that’s in 40% of our residential customers. We have now begun to launch that advanced WiFi service and Spectrum Mobile network to SMB as well. So, up until this point, the vast majority of the traffic offload has been inside of an existing customer’s household and hasn’t given the ability for them to do significant amounts of offload outside the household and special local network really over the course of the past four months or five months is accelerating that ability to have traffic offload. And that’s prior to us fully deploying CBRS, which we intend to do. And we are already live in one large market. It’s going very well. So, whereas I think we had publicly said that we had 15% of our usage was through the lease of the 5G MVNO network. That’s now decreasing already pretty quickly. And so the 85% that was on our network before is now moving up to 87%, just in a matter of months, and that will continue to increase over time as we deploy more Spectrum Mobile network through advanced WiFi as well as CBRS over time. And so it’s attractive today, and it will continue to be more attractive. And the profitability and the cash flow today is really tied up in the subscriber acquisition cost.
Chris Winfrey: So, I will take the – you may need to come – circle back and remind us what your question was on the broadband. I wasn’t sure I completely followed it. I think it was had the corollaries to mobile. But on Xumo, back half of this year, we haven’t announced a month the progress of the Xumo team, it’s going very well. The product looks great. And so we expect to be deployed – fully deployed as Charter at the end of this year. The advertising business will come through several places. One is live video where you can think of that as connected TV CPMs. We have that today. We have the largest spectrum. We have the largest app delivery of essentially a virtual MVPD of anybody in the country because of the way that our app is used. And so we monetize through higher CPMs of connected TV spots today that will be amplified through the Xumo platform. And then in addition to that, Xumo will have its share similar to any other connected TV platform of advertising and subscription revenue. And some of those advertising spots will be conveyed to the affiliate, which in this case would be us. And so we expect to participate both as an equity holder in Xumo and its advertising revenue model as well as a way to amplify our own existing advertising revenue streams that we have today.
Chris Winfrey: Longer term, if you think about it, there is two ways to think about it, just to pontificate. One is, is mobile really a product, or is it just an attribute of our connectivity service. And over time is their ability to create an entirely new category of seamless connectivity. Today, mobile lines are sold at an individual level and broadband sold at a household level. Today, they are sitting on two separate bills. And I am not sure that either of those need to be true in the future. It could be a single product that none of our competitors have, and none of our competitors have a path to replicate. So, that’s one way of thinking about it. Another is instead of thinking about it as broadband is to think about it as a corollary is to think about it what we did in the telephone space, the wireline telephone space, where we used it as a significant way to – for a prolonged period of time to save customers a significant amount of money and drive connectivity and other products that we had by saving the money through an over-the-top product where we had a better mouse trap. And we didn’t have a bunch of high-priced legacy revenue that we had to worry about. We could be aggressive in the marketplace. And I think those notions, they go hand-in-hand. We have talked about Spectrum One and how that may evolve over time in terms of we may try different ways to go to market that could include pricing, packaging, billing to really create potentially a brand-new category in the space.
Chris Winfrey: Michael, I will take those. In the business, it’s different between SMB and enterprise. Honestly, SMB is a little bit soft right now. We are still growing. You can see that in our numbers. But the SMB space has been a little soft. I don’t think we are alone in seeing that. And I also think that fixed wireless access may be selling cheap, low-quality residential products into a lower portion of the SMB space. It’s – we see some evidence of that. I think that’s temporary. As it relates to enterprise, we are doing very well in enterprise, the retail side. Clearly, we have ongoing cell tower backhaul revenue pressure. But in the retail space for enterprise, whether it’s fiber Internet access, Ethernet, our managed services, our UCaaS services, we are actually doing very well. It takes a while to activate sales, but I think we had our best sales quarter ever in Q1 pre-activation. So, the enterprise space is doing well and expect the retail piece to continue to grow well and to actually to accelerate. On ACP, we are not going to get into specific numbers other than to say – it’s a big program for the government. It’s important to the government, and we have been very active in deploying ACP at their request. It’s been very successful. The vast majority of the customers we have were already existing customers who are now benefiting from that benefit. And we are – we believe, the largest ACP participant. And we are hopeful that the government continues to renew that program over time because we think it’s a good program and it’s been important, and it’s a good benefit in the marketplace.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. I mean, Doug, we understand that there is some false market chatter. We should be clear on some other things. The majority of our gross adds are coming from paying lines. Less than 5% of our lines today are tablets, and those have the same rate plans as phones, and we don’t include wearables in our numbers either. So the lines that we’re putting up are good lines.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. To your question on margin and what happens in the second half of the year, the increases that you see both in sales and marketing expense and cost to serve right now and the year-over-year are really driven by strong mobile sales. But if you think about what happens to them for the rest of the year, in sales and marketing, if you look back at last year, 2Q ‘22 sales and marketing expense was sequentially lower than 1Q, which might put a little bit of pressure on the year-over-year comp in Q2. But the year-over-year growth rate of sales and marketing expense should moderate over the course of the second half of the year. We will have lapped our midyear 2022 staffing adjustments. And in Q4, we will lap the Spectrum One-related sales cost increase. Similarly, on the cost reserve side, I expect year-over-year growth in cost to serve to moderate in the second half of 2023, which I think is consistent with what we said before and end the year at growth levels that are more consistent with where we were – with where we’ve been previously, which is largely flat. So I do think that as we go through the year to – in line with what we’ve said, the business continues to become more efficient, and we continue to expect to be able to operate it more efficiently and generate and generate growth from them.
Jessica Fischer: The way it’s being reported in the new trending schedule details. So you’re getting those passings in sort of – in the reporting as the 6-month clock starts.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. So Phil, talking about going into Q2. Q2 is always a seasonally more difficult quarter. But in terms of trends, we did continue to see what I sort of had said in – at the end of February, and that I think that our trends looked a little better across coming in and in March than they had in February, which was better than January. And we continue to see that now with the context of Q2 being kind of what it is. So I think that we continue to think that the things look pretty good or at least better than it was previously on that front.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. And as we get closer to the rollout, we will try to provide some additional information on where we think that, that will land.
Jessica Fischer: The thing that I would add to that is that, Jonathan, we have a very disciplined sort of practice now and how we bid for these offerings. And so we are very comfortable with our ability to price the passings with our ability to then bid for an appropriate amount of subsidy against that and then to go on the back end and execute against building the passings in a way that’s cost-effective and that generates the returns that we set out for. So, there is a hypothetical math exercise that you can do to try to get to what we would win. But what I would be clear about is what we win we will win at good returns, and we will execute it on the back end and bring those returns back into the company.
Jessica Fischer: Yes. So Craig, I think back in December, we actually gave where we are in terms of margin in the business exclude – income in the business, excluding customer acquisition costs. And we showed there that if we run it as a – if we ran it as a standalone business which we don’t but that we would make good margins in the business. We certainly have work that you have been doing trying to use some of the financial information available out there to back into costs. Obviously, I am not going to comment on exactly what those were, but you might have heard from us if we thought that you were materially incorrect on them – or from someone else for that matter. It’s important, though, to step back and think about, we don’t run the wireless business just for margin in the wireless business. We run our entire business to generate the most cash flow on – the most cash flow per passing that we can across the network. And that means that you have to have more customers, which means you have to price at a value, and it means that you have to generate more money per customer, and we believe in doing that by adding services to the customer, which we do by adding wireless to our current broadband, video and voice customer base. And we also are seeing that there is benefits to having those products bundled together, not just in the form of driving better pricing for our customers, which we will do, but in the form of reducing churn and ultimately, we think also increasing what we can do in terms of customer acquisition across both the broadband and the wireless product as they become sort of a converged connectivity experience. So, we are really confident in our ability to continue to have a financial benefit from the wireless business going forward because of the value that it adds to what we can provide to the customer and the resulting increased cash flow that we get on a customer-by-customer basis when those customers take more products from us, including the wireless product.
Jessica Fischer: On the longer term question on mobile pricing and sort of where we go there, I think the most important thing to – for us to worry about right now is that we are trying to take share in that market and to take share. We are priced to take share. And while we are doing that, we are still able to make good margins on that product. And so I don’t think that there is some sort of long-term pricing game to think about right now. Our – what we are really thinking about is what we do to take share in the market to provide mobile service to more of our customers, the fastest and best priced in the industry, and to use that to generate cash flow for the business.
