Robert D. Marcus: Lisa, this is Rob. So the most part of the strength we saw year-over-year in subscriber performance this quarter was on the gross adds side. We had strength really across all of our sales channels. And churn or disconnect volume was more or less flat in the quarter, which was actually, from our perspective, a positive story, given that we did do our rate increase at the beginning of the quarter, and we were still able to hold churn flat. So that's essentially what's going on.
Robert D. Marcus: Tom, let me try to address the 2 specific markets that you referred to. It's always hard to attribute subscriber performance to any one factor, but it is the case that our Pac west market, which includes L.A., did perform the best of all of our markets on a year-over-year basis in video. So to the extent one correlates that with the availability of SportsNet LA, I guess you can make that connection. I would hesitate to be too firm about that connection. The -- in terms of FiOS markets in New York City in particular, good news story here, and it's been one that's -- we've reported on for a couple of few quarters now, which is that our churn in FiOS markets actually declined year-over-year in Q2. So we're handling the competition very well.
Robert D. Marcus: James, the reality is on all of those questions, it's a little premature to speculate. We only first got the request from various members of Congress to submit to arbitration earlier this week, and we've simply agreed to the concept in the interest of getting Dodgers games to fans as soon as possible. The actual process, the details of who would arbitrate and what elements of the contract they'd arbitrate I think remain to be seen. The key point right now is it takes 2 parties to actually have an arbitration. And so far, none of the other distributors have expressed a willingness to do what it takes to get the games to fans quickly. So I think it's all a little premature to talk about.
Robert D. Marcus: I think it's clear that we continue to take share in the HSD market. I assume, although, honestly, I have not seen recent stats, that the market does continue to grow, though, in addition to that, on the HSD side. Video market, we know what the story is there. I think there's no new news continuation of previous trends.
Robert D. Marcus: Okay. Scott, let me start on the Maxx markets and then Artie will do the rate increases. The reality is it's a little early to make much of customer feedback on the Maxx benefits. When we say we're pleased with the way the process is going, we're really pleased with the process by which we're effectuating the All Digital conversion and the process of upgrading speeds. It's much more of an internal operational measurement that we're looking at than it is a customer satisfaction measurement. We have every confidence that the changes we're making in the Maxx markets will, in fact, ultimately lead to customer satisfaction improvements. But it's just we -- the sample size is too small. And the period of time that customers have been enjoying the new benefits is too short to draw really conclusive data at this point.
Robert D. Marcus: Sure. Let me take the second one first. I, from time to time, communicate with our employees via a blog. And in that blog, I recently talked about the process for gaining approvals for the merger with Comcast. And what I said, which I think was taken somewhat out of context, was that given the transactions that have already been announced, given the net neutrality, NPRM, and given the pending spectrum auction, as well as any other transactions that might occur that have been speculated about, there's an awful lot on the FCC's plate. And while some could argue that, that might put a strain on their resources, we're still planning for a closing at the end of the year subject to obtaining all those approvals. So I don't really have anything more to add to the timing than has been previously said by Comcast. That was just sort of something taken out of context in the communication I made to employees. And I think that's a reasonable assessment. There's an awful lot of work for the FCC to do, and they've got a finite amount of resources. With respect to FOX and Time Warner, both of those companies are tremendous companies. I don't mean in size, but tremendous in terms of capability today. They deliver great content, and they're already strong and we know what that meant for programming costs for distributors. I really don't anticipate that changing with any consolidation that might occur. I think the trends are what they are, and that's probably all that it's reasonable to say.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. Tuna, I actually hit this in my prepared remarks, but I'll say it again. We've rolled out our first-generation cloud-based guide to now 6 million set-top boxes. And I think from the very first days that we rolled it out, the feedback was very, very positive. The great news that we experienced this quarter is that it's actually now starting to impact VOD usage, which is one of the things we expected to occur because of the much more user-friendly VOD portal that's part of that guide. And the benefits we're seeing are particularly on the free on-demand site, but the idea that customers have an easier time finding the stuff that's in our VOD library is very encouraging. And when you couple that with plans we have during the course of this year to expand the VOD library to as much as 75,000 hours of content, I think you see sort of a great confluence of capabilities. The bigger library and the better navigation capability is bound to make whatever we're seeing now kind of supercharged for a better overall experience. So all very, very positive. Now in terms of the development of the second-generation cloud-based guide, that continues to be in beta. The feedback is positive, and it's something that we'll see in front of customers at the end of this year and in front of a significant number of customers during the course of next year.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. The truth of the matter is that I don't think it significantly impacts anything in our strategic plan or our product roadmaps. The one thing that I will say is, separate apart from the specific Aereo product, we were closely watching the case to see if it provided any greater clarity on the legality of remote storage DVRs, of cloud-based DVRs. And we didn't really get much in the way of incremental clarity there. So I think the answer is not much of an impact, no.
Robert D. Marcus: Frank, the app is something that we're communicating with our customers about on a regular basis. And based on the increases in usage we've seen over the time that the apps have been out there, I think awareness is growing. And the great news is that satisfaction with our video product is improving as well as a result of that greater usage and greater awareness. So we're going to continue to broaden the number of platforms that the app is available on and increase the amount of content that's available via the apps. And we're believers, and it's hard for me to comment on exactly what Comcast's plans are. But I -- if you view their IP video products, I think we're more or less on the same page. I'd argue that, at this point, ours is a more robust offering, but I think we're philosophically aligned on this.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. At this point, we're still looking at this as a complementary offering in addition to set-top box in the home to give the customer more flexibility. Over time, we've talked about this before, it's conceivable that we'll have substitution of leased set-top boxes with customer-owned IP-enabled devices. And I still think that that's true, but it's hard to know exactly how much capital we'll save over time as a result of that. This is really more about responding to customer demand and driving customer satisfaction than it is about saving capital, although it may actually benefit the economics of the business as well. I think that's the last question. So I'm just going to take a couple of seconds to wrap up. I feel very good about the quarter. We've made great strides in improving the health of our operations. Subs were strong, ARPU growth accelerated and we're doing really great things to improve the customer experience. And the Comcast integration process is going very smoothly, and we continue to be very excited about the combination of our 2 companies. So I think that's all we have for you this quarter. Thanks for joining us, and we'll speak to you again later in the year.
