Glenn A. Britt: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. As we look back on 2012, we have much to be proud of. It was a year in which we grew revenue by almost 9%, powered by our acquisition and successful integration of Insight Communications, continued success in business services and the best-ever year in advertising. Broadband continues to be our strongest product. We added another 0.5 million subs in 2012 and improved the mix even as we raised prices, a powerful combination. But considering that the average customer used roughly 40% more capacity last year, and we increased our standard speed by 50%, yet our pricing increased by less than 10%, our broadband product is still a terrific value for customers. We met or exceeded all elements of our guidance in 2012. In addition, we honored our commitment to return capital to shareholders. We repurchased 22 million shares for $1.9 billion in 2012, raising the total since initiation late in 2010 to over $5 billion. And through our regular dividend, we returned $700 million to shareholders last year. This morning, we announced a 16% increase of dividend to an annualized rate of $2.60 per share, demonstrating our continued confidence in our ability to generate very strong free cash flow. Before I turn the call over to Rob and Irene though, I want to spend a couple of minutes on residential video, our most mature and highly penetrated business. It faces challenges on 2 fronts. The first is competition. The telcos and satellite companies are tough competitors and in a world where we are the original incumbent, the pressure on our net adds is intense. Rob will speak to the many ways we're working to compete better. The second challenge is in video programming costs. Let me frame the issue for you. Our programming costs per subscriber has grown 32% in the last 4 years. Over that same period, the Consumer Price Index has risen by 9%. So the math is pretty simple, programming costs have been rising at more than 3x the rate of inflation. Our residential video ARPU increased 16% over that same period, so we've effectively raised pricing a little faster than inflation but only half as fast as programming costs have risen. This situation is caused by a complicated set of structural imbalances within the video entertainment industry. It's clear that this is not in the best interest of the consumer, and it's also clear that it can't continue forever. What is less clear is what will happen to change the situation or when. For our part, we will examine each network with an expiring contract and attempt to drop or reposition those that in our judgment do not add to the price value relationship of our packages. For the rest, we'll continue to negotiate the best deals we're able to get. In the case of sports, we've taken some steps towards managing and stabilizing costs through our Lakers and Dodgers deals. That doesn't mean these deals are inexpensive, but we do think they are better than the potential alternatives. We're feeling very positive about the growth of our business services and broadband businesses. We're doing an awful lot to improve customer service, products and marketing, and we're pleased with our progress on all those fronts. Rob will talk about specific actions in a few minutes. So we have our challenges, but we're investing to capture long-term opportunities, and our business remains strong and stable. Now I'll turn the call over to Rob and then Irene to dive into the details.
Glenn A. Britt: Jessica, this Glenn. I just want to emphasize one thing that Irene just said. We do not pretend that these deals are inexpensive or cheap. And our sense is that if we're going to carry these games, they're going to be expensive when we get them. So what we think we've done with these deals is to minimize and stabilize the cost over a long time period. But we're not trying to pretend the first year is really, really cheap or anything.
Glenn A. Britt: Phil, the answer is no. Again, we think we're stabilizing and minimizing costs over a long time period. These -- in both cases, these rights were up for auction in a sense and they were going to be expensive no matter what happened. We think we've done the best of the alternatives.
Glenn A. Britt: And Laura, if I could just add one more thing. I think that there's a lot of PR and a lot of hype about this whole thing. The reality is, today, there are not really applications that require 1 gigabit per second. So our philosophy has been to keep our speeds in line with what the market demands and what it needs. There's no doubt in my mind that the speeds will, over time, get faster and faster as they have since we started this in 1996. So I expect some time in the future, we'll have 1 gig, maybe 2 gigs. But other than PR and hype, this is not a real need for anybody right now.
Glenn A. Britt: Sure. I think if you cut through it all, going all digital is something that cable operators did to increase the usable capacity in their plan by getting rid of analog. So in that sense, it was something done for the benefit of the cable operator, not particularly for the consumer. And it's somewhat disruptive to consumers. What we've done is to initially create more capacity by using switch video, and that's stood us in very good stead. We most certainly, over time, will be going more and more towards all digital, but we're doing it on an evolutionary basis. I actually think the ultimate all digital is going to be IP digital, not MPEG-2, which is what everybody's stuck with. So I think that as we evolve to that, we'll be doing all things IP and not sort of in this intermediate phase. So we actually feel very good about what we've been doing and I think the future it's going to pay big dividends.
Glenn A. Britt: I think just to be clear also, we have gone all digital in some markets where we needed the capacity. So New York City is one of them and parts of L.A. and then maybe some other places.
Glenn A. Britt: Yes, one thing I'd remind you about margins is that it's a good conversation about costs, and it's a good measure of whether we're managing costs. But at the end of the day, it's a mixture of a whole bunch of stuff and different products with different characteristics. And we actually don't run the business for margin, we run it for the bottom line. So if we can sell more of a lower margin product but add to the bottom line, we'll do that. So I just -- I know everybody needs it for modeling, that we pay attention to it, but it's not our primary focus. We're focused on the bottom line.
Glenn A. Britt: Rich, I'll take a shot at both those. First of all, individual programming deals, I don't -- I'd be remiss making any comments at this point. But suffice it to say, we're going to look at everything hard. On the broadband subject, I think you raised an interesting issue because in a world where there's net neutrality and a push for net neutrality, which is essentially applications and content people saying they don't want anybody to be favored, there's the potential for reverse network neutrality. And I think perhaps an illustration of the government trying to put rules in place too early without really thinking through everything that happened. The essence of Internet is that you provide access to the web and people will go wherever they want and do whatever they want and what we sell is the access. So I think we need to be very careful about turning that into a business where some application or content providers seek favor or demand favor. It's not kind of what this is all about.
Glenn A. Britt: On the first one, I think it's -- beyond what we said, I don't want to say much, numerically. But the actions we're taking are not going to dramatically change the trajectory of programming cost. I do hope that we can, over time, improve the perceived price value relationship though and then, clearly, consumers, particularly people who are under economic duress, are looking at these big packages and they're saying, it costs more than I can afford, number one. And number two, there's too many networks I never watch and I don't care about. And that's kind of what we're trying to address. Obviously, sports and other really popular programming keep getting more and more expensive, and that's where most of the money is. But these networks that hang on, I think they have a birthrate of carriage even though hardly anybody watches them. Those are the ones we're going to be taking a look at.
Robert D. Marcus: Doug, it's a great question, and my expectation is that certain of these initiatives that are very execution oriented could have an impact right away. Others will take some time to actually manifest themselves. Things that relate to customer satisfaction, reducing churn volume or churn calls in the first instance will unquestionably take a longer time to have an impact. Execution-related changes, I think, can have a more immediate impact. But the goal is to work it on both fronts, and my hope is that we see a better outcome throughout 2013.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, and just to amplify what Glenn said, Roku is just one example of many. Whether the actual experience will be attractive to a broad number of customers, I think, remains to be seen. So I wouldn't anticipate meaningful impact on our set-top box cost in the near term. I think this is more about the philosophy and direction we're headed. So going to Google, just at the risk of repeating what we've said before to put the Google overbuild in context, they have talked about what will ultimately be a 600,000 home build, I think 300,000 of those homes are in our footprint. And if you get to the subscriber level, it's something like 100,000 video customers and 100,000 HSD customers. So a very small percentage of our total subscriber base. And the reality is most of the action is going to happen towards the back half of this year. So they really haven't built out very much, and the customer impact we've seen, so far, is essentially de minimis. That said, we're hard at work ensuring that our customer relationships are strong, that our product set is good. We recently increased the tiers of service on HSD that we have available in the Google footprint. And we're now offering 100 megabits a second service, which is the fastest we're making available anywhere. So like with any overbuilder, we're ready for the competition.
Robert D. Marcus: Let me just clarify one thing that I mentioned in my prepared remarks. We are, in fact, in the process of reclaiming bandwidth that's previously been dedicated to analog video. And the way we're going about doing that is, as Glenn mentioned, rather than doing a flash cut and ceasing to deliver all of the networks in analog, we're starting really with the most -- the least viewed networks and kind of chipping away at the lineup and ceasing to deliver those networks in analog when a customer, who likes to watch those networks but doesn't have a set-top box, raises their hand, then we provide them with the D-to-A converter. So we can increase the usable bandwidth, to use Glenn's term, without some of the related disruption that generally is associated with these transitions. So we think we've struck the right balance, and it's working quite well.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes. So I think that the programming benefits we got out of the TWC SportsNet and maybe as significantly, Pac-12 Networks, did definitely help subscriber performance in SoCal in Q4. WiFi, I think it's still early days. We've got a nice network of WiFi Hotspots in L.A., and the evidence we have so far certainly suggest the correlation between churn reduction and WiFi utilization. But candidly, the usage is still at a level that I can't point to it having a meaningful impact on overall subscriber performance. We believe in the benefits of WiFi to our customers, but I think it's a little early to say that, that's a big driver of the subscriber performance. I think more than anything else, what I would attribute it to is superior execution. We've spent a lot of energy and it's been a long road since the acquisition of the Adelphia and Comcast properties to hardening the network, ensuring that the products that we delivered were reliable and state-of-the-art, and ensuring that our marketing and sales machine and our service organization were firing on all cylinders. And I think we're getting to that point, and that's manifesting itself in better subscriber performance.
Robert D. Marcus: Yes, so let me start with the question on doubles. I'll make a brief comment on marketing then, I'll flip it over to Irene to handle the rest of the margins. So Double Play -- first of all, you mentioned -- you made reference to data and phone. In fact, the vast majority of our Double Plays are video, data doubles, and that's where we saw the most softness in 2012. This is an area I think I highlighted on our Q3 call and it's an area that we're going to focus on going into this year. I think we can do a better job competing with U-verse in particular on the Double Play front. They've been very aggressive in their Double Play promotions, most notably in Texas and to some extent, in the Midwest. The focus has been on customers who reside in MDUs and generally don't take landline phone at all from anyone. They tend to be wireless-only customers. It's a younger, typically unmarried base, and we just need to re-craft some of our offerings to be more responsive to their needs. We haven't yet talked much about our Verizon Wireless relationship, but I feel that, that's a place where our Verizon Wireless relationship can actually position us well. So more to come on that front, but it's an area of focus. I guess, one mechanical thing that goes without saying, and it doesn't take away at all from the fact that we're focused on doubles, one of the reasons that doubles have been weaker is our emphasis has been on triples. And we probably sold in some triples to customers that otherwise in the past would have taken doubles. So some of this is just trading among bundled subs. But nonetheless, it's an area of focus for us in '13.
Robert D. Marcus: And just specifically to address your question on marketing, it's true that marketing was up in Q4 year-over-year, but I don't anticipate that being a meaningful driver of margin contraction in '13. In fact, due to the -- some of organizational changes we've made and actually a trend that started probably last year, we're getting more efficient with our marketing dollars. I think we're getting more bang for the buck in everything we spend. We're dedicating more of our dollars to working dollars, in other words, buying media as opposed to some of the administrative and production costs. And I think we're actually doing a better job spending marketing dollars more wisely. So I don't anticipate that being a factor.
Robert D. Marcus: So on the guide, look, it will not -- the guide will initially only function on these new pieces of hardware that I'm referring to. So on one level, the proliferation of the guide will be dependent upon the rollout of the hardware. Whether or not it's available in every single market, I think it's still too early to say what the exact rollout schedule is. So we'll give you more as the year progresses. On video apps, we already have a pretty healthy portfolio of rights to deliver video product outside the home. But so far, customers access to those -- the video product, has been dependent on their visiting the programmers' website. What I expect later this year, and in fact late first quarter, early second quarter, is that those video products will find their way into our apps even when you're outside the home. So the experience will be better in the sense that the programming will be aggregated and easier to navigate. So I think we've listed these before but obviously, we have the ESPN suite of services, we have rights with respect to Viacom's products, Big Ten Network, we have some professional sports product from the leagues. It's a pretty decent list, and I think the experience will be a lot better once we incorporate them in our apps. I see that it's half past the hour, so that's probably all we have time for this morning. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. And to give a little bit of advanced notice, our next quarterly conference call will be held on Thursday, April 25 at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. Thanks for joining us, and have a great day.
Irene M. Esteves: Hi, Jessica, it's Irene. The Dodgers deal is similar in economics to the Lakers deal in that we're guaranteed access to important sports programming over a long period of time. And our objective here, as it was with the Lakers, is to ensure that access to programming at a certain cost. And we think over the long-term, this will be a lower cost alternative than if we had not guaranteed those rights for the 25-year period.
Irene M. Esteves: And with the experience we've had with the Lakers, we'd say that given the net cost of that deal compared to where sports rights programming is going, that we're confident that we made the right decision with the Lakers and we're hopeful we made -- we'll find the same with the Dodgers.
Irene M. Esteves: Hi, Marci. On free cash flow, what we've said is we're guided by our 3.25 leverage ratio, and we've been very consistent talking about that, and we will continue to use that as a guiding principle. I'm not giving specific guidance on the pace, but as you look back on our history, you can see that we've consistently increased the pace, and that we are fully committed to 3.25 leverage ratio over time.
Irene M. Esteves: And then on the margins, if you think about programming, which was $4.6 billion, if that's growing at 10% a sub, that's a huge impact on our margins. We also mentioned 2 other piece, the pension expense which is with historically low interest rates, that expense line goes up. And we're -- it's a nonpolitical year in '13, so we're missing that very high-margin political revenue. In prior years, we also had offsets to some of the programming expenses with large Go It Alone savings in our phone business, which we're not expecting as much of this year. And you asked about the new initiatives and what we spent in 2012. We will continue to invest behind those businesses, but because it's a multi-year investment, we don't think it makes sense to break them out anymore. But suffice it to say, we are continuing to invest behind things like IntelligentHome rollout and our business services expansion, and Rob mentioned, the WiFi. So we'll continue to invest behind those businesses because we think it's right for the long-term profitability of the company. So those are the main drivers of that margin decline that we're expecting.
