Tom Rutledge: Sure. I'll start there. Look, there's always a tension between how you price a product and how much of it you drive into the marketplace. And the difference between price and volume -- and price and the volume you get ultimately is -- what you're trying to get to is the maximum amount of cash flow that you can generate out of the business based at the right price and the right volume distribution of that product at that price. . So that's what we're seeking in mobile, and we think it's a huge opportunity for us. It's -- obviously, we're creating customer relationships. Those customers are paying us. There's good margin in that business and at the pricing that we have. And we think that we can get more efficient through time with that margin by offload. And at the same time, we think we're accretive to our MVNO partner and that the 9 million customers that have been created out of that MVNO are accretive and valuable, too, and should be really counted as customers in many ways to our MVNO partner. But that's a shared relationship and -- but the net of all of that is that we have an opportunity at the pricing that we have to continue to grow the business, and that pricing is really valuable relative to the price in the marketplace that those products are currently being offered by our competitors. And at the prices we're offering it now, we have an opportunity to create great value for us through time and to have an improving margin through time as well. But even without an improving margin, it's still a great value. So we're in a pretty good place in terms of our mobile business in that we have lots of opportunity. We have a fully penetrated marketplace, and we have a very small share of it, and we're growing rapidly. With regard to the overall competitive environment, our churn and -- is extremely low. And activity levels in the marketplace are the biggest competitive our biggest impact on our growth rates relative to historic growth rates. The fiber competition that we have is typical. If you go back to the second quarter of 2019 and look at fiber growth, it's not much different, although the footprint's bigger. And there is a new fixed wireless competitor. It's actually relatively small. It's not the major component of our quarterly performance, but it is a factor. If you look at the numbers that the fixed wireless competitors say they're taking from cable and proportionately look at that across our footprint, if you do the math, it's not the major driver of the change in second quarter '19 versus second quarter of 2022. What's -- the major driver is the activity levels. But also, there are other factors that are -- RDOF construction is beginning to ramp up. So that's an opportunity for us. Housing occupancy and new construction is lower because of supply chain issues. So that's -- I think we'll get fixed in the -- in time, but it's an issue affecting growth at the moment. And so we're pretty optimistic, relatively speaking, that as the post-pandemic market activity levels return and normalize, that our share of broadband growth will rise. And we're pretty optimistic that our mobile business is highly accretive and a huge opportunity for us going forward.
Tom Rutledge: Yes, I think the way I would say what I think you're saying is we're a net share taker when there's a toss-up. And there's more toss-ups in -- when people are moving. And so therefore, our gross adds out of moves is higher than -- of all moves is higher than our disconnect rate of all moves. That's what you're saying.
Tom Rutledge: That's our expectation. With regard to downstreams and upstreams, usage is still significant. 14:1 downstream versus upstream. And so from a practical point of view, our products are appropriate. We think, over the longer term, upstream use will continue, but it isn't actually growing faster than the downstream use at the moment.
Tom Rutledge: In terms of broadband opportunities in rural areas, we've won about 1. 5 million passing so far in the RDOF program and the various state programs. There's a lot of bids that we have outstanding at the state level. And there's a $42 billion fund coming next year, which is a huge amount of money, which will allow for additional construction, which we hope to bid on and be successful with. We haven't actually begun to offload on the CBRS yet in a commercial way. But it's interesting, our WiFi-first strategy in our mobile relationship with our customers allows significant offload mobile traffic onto the WiFi network. So when you put those two things together, the success we're having in a managed WiFi first environment and the potential success of CBRS, that's what I was saying before. We have a good relationship in our MVNO today with good volume-based pricing and significant margins and an opportunity if we're continuously successful to make that even better by moving some of the traffic onto -- additional traffic on to WiFi and onto our own 5G CBRS network. So it's a good situation that can get a lot better.
Tom Rutledge: Our doom and gloom question. Well, okay. In terms of DOCSIS 4.0, -- it hasn't been deployed. Our footprint right now is DOCSIS 3.1 fully. So we have 1 gig everywhere. The DOCSIS 3.1 upgrade opportunity is still significant, meaning we haven't gotten everything out of DOCSIS 3.1 by any means in terms of its full capacity. It can give us multi-gigabit speeds downstream and gigabit symmetrical speeds, upstream. And so it's a quite robust infrastructure that's already been deployed. And the CPE for that has already been deployed. DOCSIS 4.0 is a complete new electronic drop-in and a whole new modulation scheme and so bars new CPE. And it is not being deployed yet, but it's in the lab and the specs have been written, and it's another technology upgrade that will allow us to get to very high speeds without having to replace our network, which means that you can do that in a really capitally efficient way, which means that ultimately, you have pricing opportunities that others don't. And that's the value of DOCSIS 4.0. . With regard to inflation and its impact on macroeconomic forces on us, look, I mean, I think we have access to capital and at good prices. I think that inflation in some ways, particularly if it's temporary, has some market advantages for us. As consumers are stressed, the value of our products become more clear in the consumer's mind. If you look at how much consumers are spending on telecom products and our share of those telecom products and what we can do with pricing for those telecom products, I think a stressed consumer will find our products even more attractive. So I mean, yes, we'll have to deal with costs. But it's interesting when you look at our overall business and look at our cost structures, we're getting more efficient. And our opportunity to serve and our cost to serve continues to improve. And if we drive more customers, that actually improves on a per customer basis. So we can operate in a difficult economic environment, and we can -- and make our products valuable to consumers. So I'm -- I'd rather operate in a normal environment, but I think we have pretty good assets and pretty good opportunities to be successful.
Tom Rutledge: I do think video would be more challenged in a downturn or an inflationary environment than other products, but the margins are relatively -- have become smaller in that part of our business. So the net of it all is, I think it's somewhat of a market opportunity, but it's -- there will be stress on video.
Tom Rutledge: And it probably will. That would be our expectation and our experience with these kind of platforms.
Tom Rutledge: And just one other comment on wireless and its impact, just we are a wireless company. And we have 450 million wireless devices connected to our network -- which is when you -- so you think about -- and when you think about our new video strategy, our new joint venture with Sumo and our ability to connect video customers in the future wirelessly, all of our products would be wirelessly delivered.
Tom Rutledge: Well, we've always said we love cable, which is why we've been buying our own stock back because we haven't been able to buy cable. And that it's a great business. And we think that the future of what these assets can do is significant and a huge opportunity. So nothing about our view on M&A has changed .
Tom Rutledge: Yes. And to your broader question, yes, we think about what it does to how competitors might price against us. And our view is that we can do the pricing we're doing and still be -- create extremely good value for customers and, at the same time, create an extremely good value for us. And the macro situation with regard to us is that we're underpenetrated. We have 4%, 5% of the mobile dollars in our marketplace. And when you just add up all the telecom spend, we have a very small piece of it. And so our opportunity is volume. You saw that even in the second quarter. So second quarter, seasonal quarter, low volume in the cable side across the entire market. And yet, we still have 344,000 net adds on mobile in a very low cable environment. I think that illustrates the opportunity. When the market comes back, Internet sales will go back up along with the market activity. But mobile in a strange way right now from a line's net adds perspective, it's depressed compared to what it could or should be in a normalized market. So we'll continue to grow.
Tom Rutledge: The pandemic created employment issues for us and operational issues for us that have an impact on our ability to generate orders as well. And so we're aggressively trying to improve our ability to execute.
Chris Winfrey: Vijay, can you clarify on your first question a little bit more? I didn't fully understand what you meant by the new first flow. This is Chris.
Chris Winfrey: And we're still a net share taker. You're in a Q2 where move activity remains well below pre-pandemic levels, nonpay churn well below pre-pandemic levels. We also saw the return of seasonality in college markets that didn't occur last year. So we expect to see those gross additions come back in August and September. So it was a seasonal Q2 where you had low move nonpay and our lowest to lever voluntary churn when you exclude this EBB impact. And so without that activity, I think what you're asking is if we were in a normalized environment, are we still in that share taker. And the answer is yes.
Chris Winfrey: Yes. Craig, on the broadband growth, I'd just add that similar to what we were talking about with Vijay, the market transaction volume eventually is going to pick up. So our Internet net adds will pick up again. We're confident in that. And our recipe for broadband growth has always been about being competitive and price competitive in the marketplace. And we've had new entrants and overbuild for many, many years. So when you asked the question about ARPU, I assume it relates a little bit to competitive. And I don't see a major change there in terms of our strategy and how we go to market or how we need to go to market. In fact, I would argue because of the mobile product and the converged mobile product that Tom was talking about and the ability to put these together and that we can save customers money, significant dollars, that has both good volume and ARPU impacts for broadband over time. So I think the outlook is still very, very strong. .
Chris Winfrey: Yes. Look, that's a tough question because you've got a seasonal disconnect period that goes through June and July. You've heard me mention earlier that we have had a more return to seasonal disconnects in our college markets, which actually bodes well for August and September, assuming that comes back. I would say that our medium and long-term confidence is very high, will be back market overturn with net activity. Short term, it's just difficult to see with volume and July is a very difficult month to go ask that question. So we'll see.
Chris Winfrey: I'll start off on the pricing and then I suspect Tom will chime in as well. The -- to build a question on competitive pricing, of course, we think about not only the moves that we're making but the secondary moves and the market responses. And our pricing for mobile is $29.99 when you take through lines or more. It's very simple. There's no taxes and fees. And it's so long as you have or take broadband of really any kind together with that product. Some of the other offers out in the marketplace mean that on a wireless product, you got to go spend $10, $20 more and then you can get discounted prices on broadband. So when you put the all-in package together, our all in package of broadband plus wireless service is dramatically cheaper, taxes and fees included, and no upcharge on the core service required. It's really attractive. So I think even with some of those responses in the marketplace, which may or may not be related to us, we can be very attractive and save customers thousands of dollars a year with a better product, integrated as a converged broadband product for years to come. The other big benefit is that we have the ability to offer mobile in 100% of our footprint. So we have 54 million passings. We have gigabit service everywhere we operate. We did not red line. We're fully upgraded. We have a path to multi-gig symmetrical services. And in addition to that, we have mobile everywhere we operate at a price point that is very, very competitive with a product that's actually not only the fastest-growing mobile but the fastest mobile service in the country. If you put all that together, and we feel pretty good about our competitive positioning long term.
Chris Winfrey: So nothing to announce today, Peter, but clearly, we think a lot about mobile and its ability not only to attach to existing Internet customers, which has been the predominant path so far. But as the market understands better our product, the fact that it is the fastest mobile product in the country and that it's real, that it really does save customers a lot of money, no contracts, no taxes, no fees, I do think there's a really powerful case that we can use to have mobile actually drive significant Internet net adds and particularly in the market with low volume to be able to kick start in volume in the marketplace by using mobile to do just that. So we're constantly testing different concepts in the marketplace. Economically, it's a no-brainer and it makes a lot of sense, but it is a new package structure for educating customers to get them to think about buying a household service and an individual service together so that they can get those savings and they can get that better product, and that may take a little bit of time for us to find the right connection as well as to educate the marketplace. And then the second question, I should have made a note what the second question was on.
Chris Winfrey: Our goal has always been to have the best pricing in the marketplace and to the extent that we can withstand some of the inflationary pressures and save customers lots of money with that converged product, which includes both Internet as well as mobile, that's going to be our path. It doesn't mean that we're dogmatic about never taking rate increases when we need to. And so that issue is always available, but our preference has always been to be competitive and value leader in the marketplace.
Chris Winfrey: I think both of those statements are correct, which is the long term remains intact, and in theory, we could just wait it out. But I think you heard -- and I actually like the way that you described the entire situation. So the long-term outlook is very good. We could wait it out. That's not what we're doing. We're accelerating everywhere. We're again on rural buildout to add to the growth. We're taking a look at mobile opportunities, which I just mentioned on the prior question to Peter. And we're serious about putting multi-gig symmetrical everywhere we operate. And so I think both barbells of what you described are actually true.
Chris Winfrey: So if you think about the long term, it ties to that, too. The -- so we have the ability -- Craig asked about broadband and ARPU and RDOF, and I talked about that. We talked about mobile convergence and how that could kick start. The thing that we haven't talked about is the digitization of our service platform really creates a long-term path to not only enhance customer satisfaction the way they interact with us but to reduce our cost to serve per customer relationship in a very material way. And as good as that's been over the past few years, it's really the very tip of the iceberg in terms of what we can do with that over time, which has a double impact of increasing customer satisfaction, letting them deal with us the way that they want to, reducing the number of interactions and service issues, getting in front of impairments before the customer even knows they exist. And when they interact with us the way they want, oftentimes, that's without a physical transaction, which has benefits on both sides, both to the customer as well as to our P&L.
Jessica Fischer: The thing that I would add to that, we've been big proponents on the affordability side. And as part of that, we are a larger participant in the affordable connectivity program than many of the other -- well, to the best of our knowledge, all of the other wireline providers. And we've done a lot to try to push the program to our existing subscribers so not as an acquisition program that is a way to alleviate some of the stress on the consumer while it's in our customer base. And I think that, that also puts us in a better position than we would have been in 2008 to retain customers and to do so by providing value to them in a more challenged environment or where the wallet is more challenged. .
Jessica Fischer: Doug, I think the point of the example around 4 amplifiers is that the technology can work in an amplifier cascade that would allow it to cover a large portion of our network without having to move the nodes closer to the customers necessarily. So I think it's performance in that environment in the lab at this point is a strong example of how it is that we can make it capital efficient when we deploy it down the road. .
Jessica Fischer: No. I mean, I will add to that, that obviously, it has to be cable at attractive prices that will be accretive to the shareholders in the long term. So we're -- we are always out there looking for and looking at cable assets, whether they be small cable assets or others. But ultimately, we do think it has to bring value to shareholders. And so we'll be prudent.
Jessica Fischer: So I'll start on that one. I think what you heard us in May and June, talking about green shoots. We're talking about additional activity, which wasn't necessarily additional additions at that point. And in June, we did still at that point, expect to report total positive Internet adds, even though -- even with the headwind that was associated with the EBB to ACP transition. I don't think that there was a large deterioration in market conditions or performance in June after that time. On a quarterly basis, net adds is an aggregate of more than 1 million connects offset by disconnects. And a very small movement in either side of that equation can lead to sort of small changes in what the ultimate outcome is in net adds, which ultimately 20,000 or 25,000 subscribers is. So I think that our position on where activity has been through the quarter, it's not that different now from where it was before.
