Christopher Winfrey: Sure. So, in terms of tax reform, one of the key elements in addition to a lower rate was bonus depreciation for the next five years and then, a fairly logical transition out of the 100% bonus depreciation. So your question is, to the – at the point where Charter does become tax payer, ignoring the ongoing benefits of our NOLs, the effective tax rate should be in the 24% to 25% area all in inclusive of state income tax.  And as for synergies, we are not providing ongoing disclosure, part of that is also the distinction between what our operating model synergies and transaction synergies; it’s not a bright line. But I think if you take a look at our results which is for all of 2017, and in the fourth quarter, you can see that even in the earnings of cost to serve and in the other expenses and even in the marketing and sales area where we have much higher sales and marketing activity and we have synergies there that are offsetting some of those increases.  We are doing everything that we intended to do on the synergy side. We expect it to get to the numbers we published over a three year period and we are not quite there yet, but we are well on our way. Given that, I think, I’d like to – what we are trying to put a pin into because it does become someone’s judgment as to what’s an operating synergy and transaction synergy at this stage.
Christopher Winfrey: The reinvestment in cable be with at in its low point because of the specific to cable and I am not saying that now, just look anybody, but if we are widely successful with wireless and there is upfront cost in terms of sales and marketing as that’s attached to wireless subscriber.  So I don’t want to get trapped into a point where we are getting curious on something that ultimately is going to have significant cash flow contribution. So we think that Q4 was probably the low point for cable in the diagram and that’s our intention we said it that way. In terms of the sources of that growth, and as subscriber units have improved, and we expect to continue to improve, as many of them give you choppiness along the way, but for the medium and long-term subscriber results it’s improved.  That has a significant impact on the revenue flow through. We are also coming out of the year where we didn’t have political advertising and into a year where we will have political advertising. So, all of that implies that revenue should be a contributor to that EBITDA growth. We also mentioned in the prepared remarks that we expect a lower rate of programming cost for us, which does have an impact to EBITDA growth rate as well.  And I think we’ll become – continue to become more efficient on the operating side. That’s there are some trims up there and we have a lot of in-sourcing investments that are ongoing, but to answer your question, I think it comes from both revenue and it’s certainly in parts of the cost structure continuing efficiency there as well.
Christopher Winfrey: Let me start with the easy one. No, it won’t be the last year. I think the – in 2019, we’ll still have – from an IT infrastructure standpoint some ongoing transition capital in particular and also as we continue to converge some of the core networks into 2019. So I think it will go on through 2019. 
Christopher Winfrey: The reason we are not longer going to continue to provide that is, as we make changes through the business, some of that’s really just to align to an operating model and sometimes it’s to put in a brand new overlying architecture and because it’s the right thing to do for the overall business or a set, because it’s tied to integration and making a black and white distinction was very easy early on and for coming at the end of 2018, making that distinction in a way that’s faithful that you can lay it out in your 10-K and which didn’t – we thought that was a little bit harder and maybe less relevant.  And so, what we wanted to do today is, explain people why we were going to make the change, provide the transparency of where those line items repeat recast in Q1. So that people have in advance to recast it. So I think, you can already see the transition expense from an operating expense, it has been coming down. Some of that is because we are actually coming down in the activity.  Some of that is because it became harder to define and when in doubt, we put it into the “ as usual” just because we rather be conservative. And if that’s the case then, providing that distinction becomes less useful over time to investors and we thought it would be more transparent to show the transition that we tend to do in Q1 and report it back to usual way to getting in Q1 and going forward. 
Christopher Winfrey: So, Phil, we have not taken significant rate increases inside 2018, really consistent with our operating philosophy to go for market share growth. We didn’t have some small rate increases to true-up for retransmission expense and that’s flowed through at the beginning of January, but that’s really to offset a direct expense that we have.  We’ve also harmonized some of our set-top box rates. In some cases, that resulted in a small increase, but as you know from the transition to Spectrum pricing and packaging, in many cases, that’s a dramatic reduction in set-top box fees that are paid by consumers. And so it really was more about standardization and operating increases.  Those were the two biggest items. We had some other small modifications around the edges, but those are two that drive the most significant portion, but in general, our strategy is to drive revenue growth through unit growth as opposed to simply taking rates, that hasn’t changed. 
Christopher Winfrey: So, Jeff, on the leverage question, and specifically related to buybacks, we did a lot of buybacks last year and the reason that we took our leverage up by half a turn, it’s still within our target leverage range. It was because we knew all the changes that we were making inside the business would make Charter statistically challenged for a short period of time.  Because the higher amount of sales and higher quality sales were being masked by legacy product churn and migration and it was very difficult despite us talking about it was very difficult for people to see, we have the confidence of where it was going and we thought that was the right window to take our leverage out than buy stock at these prices in effect $347 per share both over the full year and inside of Q4.  But as you point out, we are now at 4.47 times leveraged. So mathematically, if we are going to stay in our target leverage range and we intend to do so on a consolidated basis including the wireless launch cost, it doesn’t mean a whole lot of headroom. We do have EBITDA growth and we have cash flow and both of those contribute to capacity.  But I think we did what we did and we’d like to price we did it, liked how aggressive we were and we thought the timing was right and of course in this year, where do we take leverage? It’s too early to say. I think a lot of that is dictated by the opportunity set that’s in front of us. I would say that, if our goal is to stay consolidated leverage at 4.5 times.  And we are in way to the extent that we become more and more bullish about our ability to drive wireless growth, you would want to make sure that you’ve left enough capacity in your consolidated leverage to be able to still be within the target, that’s our goal. And that you saw M&A opportunities that came about haven’t existed in a material way recently then that would also factor and so wanted to create some headroom.  And most importantly, as I mentioned before, while subscriber results did what we said they were going to do and continue to do so, there is going to be some choppiness along the way just getting the amount of change that we are driving in the business. So, it won’t be a straight-line. The overall curve over a medium to long-term, we have high confidence in that.  If there are reactions to choppiness along the way and the opportunity opens up, that’s one of those strategic opportunities, we’d look at it as well. So, no guidance on where we’ll be inside the 4 to 4.5 times and that’s simply because we need to keep that flexibility to go make the right decisions which I think so far, we are pleased with. 
Christopher Winfrey: The commercial migration, what’s happening in commercial, sales are up significantly. I mentioned in the prepared remarks, 32% year-over-year growth at TWC and Bright House, on SMB from a unit perspective, that’s really significant and 32% increase in net adds. The trade-off to that is ARPU pressure. And so, similar to residential with migration that’s been taking place. The key difference in SMB and the same applies to enterprise is the pricing differential is greater and the time period for it to occur is longer.  And so the SMB migration takes a longer period of time as does enterprise. So, I think we are going to see similar pressure throughout 2018. I’m not giving you revenue guidance other than to say, kind of we’ll have positive unit growth, we’ll have positive revenue growth, but it is going to be depressed through 2018 relative to the unit growth until we can get a little bit further on in that migration path and get over the 50% point similar to what we’ve been talking about on residential. So, that, I think that does wraps us up. We apologize and thanks everybody for joining the call. 
Thomas Rutledge: So, John, with regard to our data speeds, so, our plan is to go 1 GIG everywhere in – that we serve essentially this year. So we’ll have all 50 million passings essentially activated with 1 GIG capability with our advanced wireless product with it.  So that we can distribute the 1 GIG throughout the home. The 200 megabit upgrade is currently about 18% of our footprint and we have some plans to take that up further this year. But we have – it’s really a logistical question, part of that is we are offering that to our existing customers as well and in some cases, we have modem transfers to do.  And so, there are logistical issues in managing that. So we haven’t decided how fast we are going to go with that and how far we’ll roll it out entirely this year. But to sum it up, we plan to be 1 GIG everywhere and marketing 1 GIG everywhere this year, which is taking up a significant portion of our business to minimum speeds of 200 megabits at the same price we were charging the 60 a year ago.  And we plan to do that as quickly as we can, but because of the all-digital rollout and some of the other operational issues we have, we haven’t fully planned out to do the whole country yet. 
Thomas Rutledge: Obviously, M&A in the industry, as you are talking about cable M&A as opposed to programming M&A, from our point of view, we like the cable business. We think it’s a good business and we think we can do well on that and if there were opportunities for acquisitions at the right price, we would always be interested in retaining of.  I don’t know how the tax law or the Title II changes affect the regulatory environment during the M&A if that’s your question. And I am not sure they do, so, you still have all the issues that we’ve always had in the industry in terms of M&A as far as I can see.  With regard to content, yes, our plan is to work with proven content companies to get economies that work for us in terms of windowing of content as to use that content to create brand halo around our product in an effective way in the marketplace.  We’ve done two arrangements, one with AMC and one with Viacom and they are slightly different in scope and but they essentially create a window of opportunity for us to use content in a way that fits our customers and still together monetize that content properly over a bigger distribution footprint meaning the world. And so, we’ll see where it goes, but it’s an opportunity to – for us to be associated for a period of time with the original content. 
Thomas Rutledge: Well, we continue to make significantly advancements in advertising and we are actually pretty bullish on our ability to grow our advertising business. As Chris said in his comments, we actually grew advertising taking political out by 3% last year.  We are using more advanced data analytics anonymized data analytics to drive better advertising products in the market we have in an all-digital environment, the ability to use our inventory much more effectively and much more targeted way combined with the good data.  So that, the advertiser gets a more responsive ad and we get a higher CPM and so, we think we’ve got investments planned for 2018 to finish out our platform to deliver that nationwide. We have made significant strides today and so we have a much more advanced advertising platform than we had historically having before beginning to see traction. 
Thomas Rutledge: Phil, with regard to wireless, we just had a rollout on mobile product. We already are in the wireless business. Today, we have 200 million authenticated devices connected to our Wi-Fi network. We’ve planned to sell the mobile product using the Verizon MVNO. We haven’t decided how to price it and – but our long run view of pricing is that, we should offer good value for high-quality products and we should integrate that into our overall product and packaging scenario. So that, the consumer ends up with a set of high-quality product features in a single customer relationship and that those features individually and in aggregate are worth more to the customer than they would be as standalone products. And so we haven’t decided our pricing. I will say just by Comcast and they did a really nice job with their pricing model and it has a lot of very positive attributes. But we have got to decide ours or announce ours. With regard to the Wi-Fi and latent spectrum opportunities, small cell radios, if that's what you’re referring to, which I referred to in the past as inside-out strategy potential for high-capacity, low-latency services to be delivered to consumer premises and businesses.  We don’t have – we’ve been experimenting with various licensed and potentially unlicensed some of those spectrums did unclear of what is long run regulatory standards will be. But we are experimenting with different spectrums that we hope will become licensable or private, along with Wi-Fi, but Wi-Fi interestingly continues to increase in terms of its actual capabilities.  We are doing this 1 GIG service throughout the country with Wi-Fi and Wi-Fi can handle again. And so, that’s the kind of speed that the people are talking about from a 5G perspective. So, our thought is that, we may want to take additional licensed spectrum and combine it with Wi-Fi spectrum to create an even broader, in-home, in business and mobile platform.  We don’t have any current plans to launch that in 2018 or in 2019 for that matter. But we are working on the integration of licensed and unlicensed spectrum into the same radios, so that we can improve the already good wireless coverage that we provide at home.  I think the most interesting fact to consider about, just the MVNO which we are about to enter, 80% of the BPS that mobile carrier customers that will seal on their devices come through our Wi-Fi networks. And so, it’s a robust network, I mean, it’s getting better. 
Thomas Rutledge: I don’t know there is such a thing architecturally, even possible as a pre-spec notion. There is no 5G spec yet. If they do it in a mobile environment within a massive amount of very tiny cells. And could government manage something like that? It's hard to conceive.  So, I don’t know any – I understand the security issues that I think underlie the – how that can’t just come into the public space and I do think there are significant cyber security issues that we have to deal with as a country and privacy issues that are real policy issues. But I just can’t imagine a nationalized infrastructure and I don’t even know from a mobile platform where the product would be.  When it comes to 5G, fixed, now I think it’s – you got to remember 5G is just a format puts in data at a certain speed and there are alternatives to 5G can, which is why we talk about 6G, it’s kind of like that number of longer and its final path, but, there are a lot of ways to get speed. 5G isn’t the only way to provide a high-capacity low-latency network.  And so, so what is a 5G fixed network? It sounds to me like, it’s a wireless drop that costs more than a wireline drop. And what do you attach it to? You have to attach it to a network, just like you do all wire drop connections. And so, I see all the same kind of costs necessary to build a 5G network as there is to build a wireline network and maybe more.  And so, we’ll ask – does that potential exists, does anyone with capital want to do that and will they get a return to that capital? I don’t know, but I think it has much of the same aspects of investments as wireline if not greater. 
Thomas Rutledge: Well, and let’s ensure and I describe what's going on in the video business and it’s complicated. There is a lot of issues out there. I still think that we can grow video. I think there are lot of pressures in the video business with the pricing and packaging, price of the products and the fact that in order to carry the whole product, again to buy the whole product, as a distributor and which makes the retail price generally expensive for a fully featured service.  And there are a lot of people being priced out of the market and price value relationship is declining because, among other things, it’s gotten more expensive, but also across but not paying for us has gotten cheaper meaning, with password sharing and lack of control by programmers over their content, you have an easy ability to substitute pay TV for free TV.  And you can do that with an intent for broadcast television, which is now become an expensive product. And you can do that with streams products that isn’t properly matched. So you have price pressure in the business that’s significant, you have income levels that makes price pressure significant.  So the overall category is shrinking from pay perspective for all of those reasons and then you have our ability to sell which I think is still good and significant and I think that we have the ability to put better video products in front of the consumer and package them.  There is no product out there that I can see that we don’t have access to, to sell to our consumers or to provide to our consumers and integrate it with our existing services. So, as if we have an opportunity to continue to have a fully featured video product that meets customer expectations that’s equivalent to what anyone else could do.  And therefore I think because we have a better business model, and better infrastructure that we can win against the satellite and we can against other wireline competitors in the marketplace and grow our video business. But, the overall category I think still is under enormous pressure for all the reasons I said. 
