Glenn Britt: Good morning,, and thank you for joining us. We're off to a good start in 2011, with first quarter revenue growth of 5% and Adjusted OIBDA growth of almost 4%. Products ARPU growth was strong across the board and subscription performance displayed seasonal strengths.  I'm particularly pleased with the performance of our high-speed data product, both product mix and ARPU growth trends continue to be very favorable. And since quarter end, we have crossed the 10 million subscriber threshold. High-speed data is quickly becoming the anchor product in the eyes of our customers. B2B growth continued to accelerate and we're pleased with our progress in this space. Our advertising business coming off dramatic growth rates in 2010 continue to grow its revenue at double digit rates. We continue to generate a lot of free cash flow. And in the first quarter, we used our cash to repurchase shares and pay an increased dividend, returning nearly a billion to our shareholders.  This is really exciting time in our business. New technology is making it possible for us to provide a better video experience to our customers, one that gives them more control. Nowhere is this more evident than in our iPad app, which we launched last month to overwhelmingly positive consumer reviews. In its first month, 360,000 iPad users downloaded the app. We started with 30 linear channels simulcast over our cable network and we now have more than 70 channels. By year end, we plan to offer nearly all of the linear cable channels, as well as broadcast channels in several of our biggest cities and a lot of on-demand content.  I want to emphasize that our iPad app is not a one-off product. Rather, we are investing in a development process and a development team that will introduce new capabilities to our customers in rapid succession. In the next month or so, we're planning to release an update that will add remote control capability and the ability to remotely program DVRs. The consumer electronics industry is embracing the idea of devices such as smart TVs, with built-in intelligence and two-way communications capability, all built in IP standards. The technology that we're using to simulcast videos to iPads will eventually feed all of these devices and over time, this may lead to a world without set tops, which we think could enable a much better customer experience.  However, without ignoring our traditional video environment built MPEG MPEG and analog standards. Later this year, we're planning to launch a new navigation application, which will be hosted in our network instead of in our set-tops, providing a much more intuitive and graphically-rich search environment for millions of customers using our set-top boxes.  Turning to the B2B space, we recently closed on the NaviSite acquisition. We expect NaviSite to jumpstart our ability to sell managed and cloud-based services into the small and medium business space. By bundling their services with our primary offerings, we hope to attract new customers, increase ARPU and reduce churn.  Before closing, I should mention that during the quarter, we signed a long-term agreement with the Los Angeles Lakers to carry their games on two new Time Warner Cable owned RSNs. One in English and one in Spanish. And those will start with the 2012 to 2013 season. This is a unique opportunity to gain greater control over our economic destiny and enhance our brand in Los Angeles, with both English- and Spanish-speaking audiences.  In summary, our business continues to perform well. We're investing thoughtfully and strategically to further improve the value of our services both residential and business customers. And, of course, we remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders. So now let me turn it over to Rob for more details.
Glenn Britt: Jessica, on the RSN question. I think it's best to look at it as this was an opportunity that came along, and we seized it as a way to have more surety about our expenses for the next, some number of years going forward. Clearly, the Lakers must have content in that market and we were going to carry them one way or another. So having them in our own RSN gives us some financial stability. And also, I think as a local business and they're a local business, we are coming up with lots of sort of joint promotional things that we can do, which I think is going to enhance our brand in that market. Whether there's any more of those opportunities, I think, they come up time to time. We'll just have to look at them. It does appear that the network companies are in a bit of a feeding frenzy trying to lock up every moving sporting rate in our country for many, many years. So there's obviously a lot of competition there. So a little hard to predict how it's all going to turn out.
Glenn Britt: More cable and obviously, it's been rumored in the press and reported that the Charter property is going to come to market. And I won't comment on that specifically, other than say we're going to evaluate it like we look at all acquisitions, and look at what it would look like under our ownership and apply our cost of capital to it and all the synergies and what have you. And then evaluate it versus other investment alternatives including buying our shares back and we'll come out wherever we come out.
Glenn Britt: I think -- well, first of all, we do not have any immediate plans to change our pricing. But I would repeat what I've said in a number of different forms. I think some sort of pricing with the usage dimension is essentially inevitable and exactly how it unrolls, you're seeing it in the wireless space now. But exactly how that gets implemented, who goes first and what have you, I think remains to be seen. But clearly the volume activity on the Internet is growing really fast, which is good by the way. That means it's useful to our customers. Clearly, you keep up with that, there's going to be more and more investment required. And I think it will be natural that just like everything else we buy in our lives, the people who use more will pay more and people who use less will pay less.
Glenn Britt: That's a great question, Ben. Essentially, what's going on is the consumer electronics industry is embracing devices with video displays in them that also have intelligence and that have two-way radios and that are all built MPEG the IP standard. And in a sense there's nothing magical about the IP standard versus MPEG or anything else. It's just a bunch of standards that the world is coalescing around. So these devices and there's all sort of different things, these tablets, the Smart TVs that are in the market now. And obviously, there's PCs and what have you. And I think the departure from the past is that the old TVs, which received different standards, TV by different standards, those were relatively dominated, little or no intelligence and they weren't really two-way devices. And that's why we always have set-tops because of those devices couldn't display our services without set-tops.  So what we have is the possibility of transmitting our services to these devices, having much better navigation using a combination of the intelligence of the device and the intelligence back in our network. Doing security and software instead of hardware and essentially getting rid of set-tops. So although the initial application was for the iPAd and you're right, not everybody has an iPad, just all of our friends. I think the bigger story here is about the TVs, which were all going to be receiving our video service this way. This isn't the public Internet. It's essentially simulcasting signals over our cable system. Just like today, we simulcast in several different other formats. So that's what we're doing. And I think this question is right on, it's going to be a better customer experience.
Glenn Britt: Okay. Lot of questions there, Laura. I'm not going to talk about any specific programming deals except to put it in context. And again, this is a simulcast and I think there's great confusion about technology, which is changing quickly. And there's a tendency of whenever anybody says IP for mass hysteria to rein, everybody think it's the Internet. But IP is a set of standards and it's being used in all sorts of different devices, in sorts of different ways. And the use of it doesn't mean it's the public Internet. And I think that's the importance here. This is the way TV is going to be distributed in the future. It's not going to be new or different. We're not going to have analog anymore after a while. And so the old forms of digital are going to migrate to IP. It's just a different way of with encoding bits, it's not magic. On the cost of the set-tops. it's an interesting thing. There is a residual price regulation of set-tops in places where there isn't effective competition. And there's a statutory rate of return according to our formula. It doesn't mean that we or others actually charge that amount of money. And it's also not relevant where there's effective competition, which isn't much of our footprint.  Having said that, I think, if we move to a world without set-tops, you are right, we will probably have lower revenue because we do charge for them. We also have lower capital costs and I maybe slightly wrong in this statistic. But I think about 40% of our service calls relate to set-tops. And think about not having all those service calls. So my guess is, although you may -- if we magically snapped our fingers and have no set-tops, which will only happen over many years, we would have a somewhat smaller balance sheet, somewhat smaller revenue, probably a more profitable company and much happier customers. So that's what this is all about.
Glenn Britt: Rich, why don't I jump in on the acquisition front, let Rob handle the other question. I think you just pointed out something that was interesting is, which is there does appear to be a lot coming to market. So that in itself should raise a question about what's going on there. And if you're a buyer, what does that mean? I won't try to answer that question but I think everybody should, why selling is everybody selling all of a sudden? What does that say you should do as a buyer?  Without commenting on anything specific about insight or anything else, suffice it to say that we look at all the synergies and we have a pretty good idea of what the synergies are having been in the business a long time. And look at what these things look like under our auspices, within our programming cost and et cetera. And we project that out and just kind of back with their cost of capital and that gives you an answer. We're a little old-fashioned. We actually think that we should be making money for our shareholders. If what it takes to buy something is you give all the upside to the seller, then that doesn't seem to be very smart to us.
Glenn Britt: I don't think we need to be much bigger. I hesitate a little bit because, obviously, AT&T may be moving to a new scale. So scale may matter in the long run. But a lot of these things we're talking about coming in the market are not big enough to move the scale much. And I think you have to look at it in that context.
Glenn Britt: Craig, on the capital issue. I think that it's a little early to tell exactly what the trajectory of these Smart TVs are going to be. And I think, as I said earlier, this technology that we're using with the iPad is really ultimately more about Smart TVs than it is about tablets, as fun as that is. The first TVs are really just hitting the market now. If you go to Best Buy, you can see them. And we're working with all of the top manufacturers on serving those devices. There's still sort of unknown questions about exactly where in the house is the DVR and how does that work and what have you? And it's unknown how how fast those are going to sell into market and replace existing TVs. So my guess is, we're going to have set-tops with us for quite a while, but you can see where it's going to go in the long run. Because of that, I think it's too early to start talking about changing our prediction of capital intensity. But, yes, you can see a 10-year time frame where things might go.
Glenn Britt: We were this quarter and I think we're still at an awfully slow economy. I think if the economy were to pick up and housing in particular were to pick up, you would see the CPE part of that move up, back to a more normalized state.
Glenn Britt: Parts of that are unknown. And you're really jumping at two very different things so, and even -- the use of the word streaming, I think, is a tricky thing because our Digital Products to a set-top is creating, [ph] that's a technical matter. I think maybe streaming ought to be taken out of our vocabulary. The reality is the in-home experience is just a variation on our existing in-home experience. It's yet another simulcasts, so we have, already we have an analog, we've got standard definition, we have digital, we have high-definition digital and now we have IP. Those are just different versions of the same offering that you buy from us in a subscription. And clearly in the home that's Time Warner Cable.  The out-of-home experience is what we're all calling TV Everywhere and that goes over the public Internet. So it's really quite a different thing, which means you have to go to a website. So in ESPN's case, their website, We do plan to have our own portal as we get more TV Everywhere rights. And I think it remains to be seen whether consumers will want to go to an aggregated portal with the retailer name like ours or go to a bunch of individual program or portals. The out-of-home content will eventually be the same in all those places.
Glenn Britt: There's one other thing about this worth mentioning. So the in-home experience or our full video offering, the media networks and all of our VOD. Most of the network companies, not all of them, but most of them do not own all the rights for all of their content to put it on a public Internet. So all of that out-of-home stuff that's on websites is essentially shows that's not in one of your networks. So it's really a very different experience at this point, where it all goes in the future, I think, is very much up in the air.
Glenn Britt: Let me answer the first one, Tuna, and then Rob can take the subscriber one. On NaviSite, let's make it a little broader. I think there's a lot of opportunity in the B2B space generally. And where it's going very rapidly, obviously, from our numbers. And I think there are lot of different aspects to it. It's not quite as simple to characterize as the residential business. And I think there may be additional opportunities like NaviSite that are small acquisitions, that have a couple of features. In the case of NaviSite, there were physical assets that we didn't have that are going to be very useful. It is also very importantly, management skills in the space that we didn't have. So that's -- it's a great fit. Both as a standalone business but also to marry with our existing efforts.  So NaviSite mostly aimed at enterprise customers or it has been. And we think we can take their products and move them into the small, and medium business space which has been our main customer base so far. And so there's a nice synergy there. I think that whether we end up doing more acquisitions and that obviously depends on what deals there are, what have you. But I think there's fertile opportunity in the B2B space.
Robert Marcus: Okay. On margins first, Jessica. I mentioned most of these in our Adjusted OIBDA discussion. But in -- I guess, first, I'll start with an expectation for the full year. And I think we've said this before, we're expecting that margins for the full year going to look a lot like last year. So the things that drove the somewhat lower margins in the first quarter really were; one, we spent more on our new business initiatives, in particular wireless and our Home Security initiative in Q1 relative to Q1 of last year. We had some consulting expenses in connection with what we call our strategic sourcing initiative, which is really an initiative designed to improve both OpEx and CapEx. The benefits this quarter primarily showed up in the CapEx line. And it's a contingent kind of an arrangement, so when we save money, we pay a little bit of consulting. So that's what you're seeing there. We did have a delta in bad debt year-over-year, nothing meaningful to talk about, they're just relatively small numbers. And lastly, the other driver, I think, relates to increases in compensation expense. Really, primarily related to our continued ramp up of our B2B capability. So those are really the items that are driving the 40 basis point delta in margins. But again, for the full year, we're thinking pretty flat to last year.
Robert Marcus: Rich, on the -- what I actually said was that Adjusted OIBDA growth would be greater in the back half of the year. The biggest single driver of that is improvement in our voice gross margins, which is being driven by the continued migration of subscribers away from Sprint and to our own voice back-office solution. And that more than offsets the impact of those tough advertising comparison that you're describing.  The only other one thing I'd call out as you probably recall that in Q4 of last year, we had a couple of one-time items, a severance item, as well as a reclassification of certain expense as operating expenses as opposed to depreciation. And those will result in favorable comparisons in Q4, but the biggest single driver is the phone cost.
Robert Marcus: Marci, I don't anticipate that the market emphasis on individual products will in fact have an impact on ARPU. The objective here is to simply highlight the individual attributes of our products in particular as we compete with some of the single play providers. When you spend all of your energy talking about the bundle and that's been very successful for us to date, it doesn't give you a lot of airtime to sing the praises of the individual product, when we think there's a lot to sing about. So the goal obviously once we get customers interested in individual products will be to continue to upsell them into bundles. But as part of our messaging here, we're really intent on highlighting in particular our video and high-speed data attributes.
Robert Marcus: Craig, why don't I take the sub question first. I guess, first, what I would say is we're up to about, I think, somewhat north of 2 million non-video customer relationships now. I think we're at 2.2, yes, 2.2 million. So it's actually quietly been something we've been increasing over time. We had high-speed data only net adds this quarter that were in the same zone as the first quarter of last year. I would say it's certainly something we'd like to do. Our objective is to sell something to every home we pass.  And if there are customers who are for one reason or another wedded to another provider for video that by no means, means that we're not interested in selling them data and voice and ultimately, we'd like to upsell them to the full Triple Play. When I talked earlier about highlighting the attributes of our individual products, high-speed data is kind of first and foremost in my mind on that front. And in the first quarter in particular, we've been fairly aggressive and fairly effective at adding customers based on promoting the virtues of high-speed data. So it's certainly something that we're focused on and I think we're having some success.
Robert Marcus: The only thing that I would add to that, James, is in my mind the key to all of this is that the content whether it's made available via a Time Warner Cable app or a programmer's app or website is only available to customers who subscribe to Time Warner Cable's multichannel video experience on an authenticated basis. So the key is what were ultimately doing is enhancing the value of what it means to be a Time Warner Cable video subscriber. And I think that's the key, probably more important than whether or not the app is branded Time Warner Cable or someone else.
Robert Marcus: So, Tuna, I'm going to try to remember all of the different questions you had on subs. But let me start with Triple Plays. I think first and foremost, the continued improvement in Triple Play penetration is a testament to the value proposition of the bundle. Certainly, where marketing is aggressively. But it's being marketed to a receptive audience. Customers like what they get when they buy all of three products from us, whether that's attractive pricing, value for their money or some of the product attributes that are particularly unleashed when you have multiple products, things like caller ID on TV.  So I think it's about the marketing and it's about the value of the product. As for B2B, it's kind of a different phenomenon, I wouldn't call them divergent trends at all. Remember that for the longtime, all we sold was video to bars and doctors' waiting rooms, then we began to offer the HSD, which really started the high-growth era of our Commercial business. And much more recently, we started to sell voice. So I think the fact that we have a number of customers that only take high-speed data, which is the predominant single play is more a function of the early stage of our voice business and that's why I say it's an opportunity. I think there's no particular reason why we can't sell additional products into customers.  I don't think the typical single, double, triple play terminology really applies quite as neatly to the Commercial businesses as it does to Residential. So you shouldn't expect us to be talking that way, especially when we add things like managed services on top of connectivity to various customers. They don't lend themselves to neat PSU categories we used to talk about. But I don't view it as a divergent trend at all. I view it as an opportunity to sell more into existing customer relationships that we've built. You had a question on sequential trends through the quarter and I would say that the sequential trends in Q1 month-over-month were pretty good.
Robert Marcus: I guess I'll take both of those. On HSD mix, I think, I talked about this in the prepared remarks. But the bulk of our net add in the HSD category came at the high-end. So we added 136,000 of our Turbo HSD subs. We added about 9,000 or 10,000 DOCSIS 3.0 or Wideband subs. So the higher speed tiers comprised the bulk of our net adds in the quarter. Our basic and lite customers actually declined in the quarter. And if you want to look at the total sub base, let me just run through it for you. If you add Turbos and Wideband subs, it's about 15%, a little over 15% of the total base now. The basic and lite subs are about 12% of the base and the remainder is the standard product.  I think on your margin question, Doug. I mean, we've talked about this for a long time and I don't really see any meaningful change to the pattern on video gross margins. What we've continued to try to do is improve the value of our video product, which should in turn allow us to generate more revenue from it. But on the cost side, I don't see a significant change in the trajectory.
