Tom Rutledge: Good morning. Our core connectivity business is strong. We continue to execute well and we continue to benefit from consolidating cable operations under our centralized operating strategy in the ways we expect it, including lower customer churn, fewer service transactions per customer and improving customer satisfaction, resulting in industry-leading growth of over 1 million customer relationships year-over-year and Internet customer growth of over 1.3 million year-over-year. In the second quarter, we had a net gain of over 200,000 customer relationships, with customer growth of nearly 4% over the last 12 months. We added over 250,000 Internet customers. And we also added 208,000 mobile lines, accelerating as our high quality, attractively-priced mobile product is beginning to resonate with customers and penetrate the marketplace. We grew cable adjusted EBITDA by 5.4%, which combined with our lower cable capital expenditures yielded strong year-over-year cable free cash flow growth of over 50%. And that’s nearly over 40% when including our investment in Spectrum Mobile. We remain focused on a number of service-oriented initiatives and we have a clear pathway to drive higher customer satisfaction and retention with positive growth and financial effects. Our insourced and high quality workforce is driving an improved customer experience. In the second quarter, well over 90% of phone call volume was handled by our in-house agents, with billing and service-related calls down by 10% year-over-year and over 80% truck rolls were handled by our in-house field techs, with total truck rolls down nearly 7% year-over-year. Our call center virtualization plans remain on track. We’ve gone from 13 billing instances to one front-end service environment, meaning better quality service and lower costs. Our self-installation program is also ramping quickly with customer self-installations now representing over 40% of our sales volume. Our online selling and service platforms are also becoming increasingly successful. All of these initiatives are having meaningful impact on our core business, including enhanced customer experience by allowing customers to interact with us on their terms either through digital platforms or highly skilled employees, reducing selling friction and service transaction volumes, all of which reduce our cost to service per customer relationship now and for many years to come. We are using our transactional selling machine and improving brand recognition to generate sales of our Spectrum Mobile product, with the ultimate goal of driving faster overall relationship growth. With over 0.5 million Spectrum Mobile lines at the end of the second quarter, we’re pleased with the progress we’ve made since launching in September of last year. In late May, we expanded the availability of our Bring Your Own Device program to all of our sales channels, with a positive impact on sales. Previously, our Bring Your Own Device program was only available by visiting select Spectrum Mobile stores. Now, customers can purchase Spectrum Mobile while bringing their own device through all of our sales channels, including our inbound, retail, online and direct channels. Later this year, we’ll expand the availability of Spectrum Mobile’s service to our small and medium business customers. Mobile remains a key focus of Charter and we continue to work on broadening our mobile capabilities. We also remain focused on opportunities to continue to develop our core asset, our hybrid fiber coax wireline network and its capacity, and we have a cost-efficient pathway to do that. Our infrastructure today delivers low latency service and superior capacity and speed. And we have a scalable, relatively low cost upgrade path that allows for further low latency superiority, 10 gig symmetrical speeds with DOCSIS 4.0, also called Full Duplex, and expanded network throughput. Specifically, over time, we can expand our network from 750 megahertz to up to 3 gigahertz to meaningfully increase our total throughput and capacity, all of which positions us to continue to be the network of choice for a wide array of applications, such as gaming, 8K video, developing high capacity, low latency products such as virtual reality and medical and educational use cases. And we’re doing that on a development path that is faster and more cost efficient than can be achieved by our competitors. So, now, I’ll turn the call over to Chris.
Tom Rutledge: Alright. Ben, so are we in full sales mode? Yes. I would say we’re just getting to full sales mode at the end of the second quarter. And will that accelerate our ability – will our ability to grow accelerate? Yes we think it will and that we’ll continue to grow the mobile business at a more rapid rate with all of our sales channels available, with a fully supported device inventory. We are not a 100% there from devices, but we’re nearly there in terms of the market share, distribution of devices. And so, we do expect the mobile business to accelerate. And we expect our ability to close sales in through our transaction volume at a higher and higher rate. In terms of bandwidth cost on Wi-Fi, I mean I think, on a relative basis, I don’t expect that will improve this year on a per unit basis, but a significant portion of the traffic is already on our Wi-Fi network on a per customer basis. There are opportunities that we’re experimenting with using additional spectrum like CBRS, which is also free spectrum like Wi-Fi is, and using that to offload traffic. But I don’t expect that to be a meaningful contributor in 2019.
Tom Rutledge: Well, I don’t want to give you any color. But you’ve read a lot of reports about us over the last several months and weeks, and many of them weren’t accurate. In terms of margin expansion, we are seeing margin expansion. We expected to see margin expansion, and that’s occurring because of the nature of the products that are more predominant in our selling machine today. We’re getting significant impacts from our cost to serve. But you can get high margins a variety of ways. You could cut your costs dramatically, but inhibit your ability to grow. And we have industry-leading growth, and so that has an impact on our margin. But we think that the free cash flow generation, by having a high growth machine in the long run, is a significantly greater asset valuation builder. So, we’re not trying to be the highest margin company in the country by any means. That said, we expect our margins to continue to go to improve because, as you penetrate deeper into the market, your cost – your network costs are allocated over a bigger customer base and, therefore, your average cost per customer goes down. And the change in videos means that there is less transaction activity associated with that service, which is relatively low margin from a gross margin perspective. And the cost to serve using digital by-flows [ph] and using self-service that’s now capable in an all-digital environment takes cost out of the business. So, we think the fundamental output of our business is lower capital intensity, higher free cash flow, and higher operating margins.
Tom Rutledge: So, in terms of wireless, we don’t have plans today to serve outside of our footprint. As you know, we’re fundamentally a regional operator and wireless companies are national companies. We do have a joint venture with Comcast, so that you have two regional companies providing, on a similar platform, wireless services nationwide. Customers who buy from us in our footprint and move out of our footprint can remain our customers. But our fundamental wireless objective today is to drive our overall customer relationships inside our physical assets using wireless and video and broadband and wired line and all new products to drive those customer relationships on the existing physical infrastructure. We Would use third-party spectrum? Of course. We are looking at CBRS. There are other opportunities to improve in specific locations, in a cost-efficient way, our ability to provide high-capacity mobile services to our customers. And we will, to the extent they develop for us, take advantage of them. Our video strategy is really today to not look at video as a standalone business. There is still a lot of value in the bundle to a lot of consumers. The problem with the bundle of video today is that the content companies that supply it have essentially put their service for free, available everywhere, through TV everywhere and excessive streams and password sharing and free over-the-air television, which can be received through antennas, all of which are unencrypted and essentially free. And it’s hard to compete with free. We look at video as an attribute of our overall customer relationship. We want to have the best video services of all kinds available and make it easy for consumers to consume video on our product, but we don’t look at it as a business – as a standalone business. We look at it as a attribute of the connectivity relationship that we’ve established with the customer. And so, we have gross margins in that business. And I don’t think we want to go underwater from a gross margin perspective. But we’d look at that as a product enhancement to our connectivity, not as a standalone individual line of business.
Tom Rutledge: Yes. Well, I would say, we just upgraded the network to 1 gig and we did that for less than $10 per home passed, and so every home passed that we currently have, which is 51 million as a 1 gig capable network sitting in front of it, and we think there’s a significant amount of product development that can occur within that capacity that we’re making available everywhere right now. And so, we don’t have any plans to immediately upgrade our network. And in fact, because we have the 1 gig everywhere, certain costs of network development have actually come out of the business because we have so much more capacity in the network and what we call contention costs, the cost of continuously upgrading your network to make the volume of data go through it. And so, capital intensity has come out of the business as a result of the last upgrade we did. All I’m saying is that we have a relatively inexpensive pathway to future services which are even hard to describe, but that can be very high capacity, very low latency, high compute, distributed high compute and we can make new products and services develop over time more efficiently than our competitors. And that is a great asset over the long term.
Tom Rutledge: So, Brett, Tom Rutledge. I think that the performance of all of the assets Bright House, Time Warner Cable and Charter should converge, and that’s our expectation. And there’s nothing that we see specific about the marketplace or the competitive environment that [indiscernible] impact. So, we think that there are still execution issues that we can improve upon as we have consolidated the company and consolidated call flow and workflow and sales flow, so that we get similar results across the platform. And that has taken us some time, but we’re getting there. And we anticipate that we’ll get to a kind of a converged output, which will be higher than what we have today.
Tom Rutledge: Well, I feel strongly both ways. And I’m not really trying to be funny. I don’t like raising the prices to our customers. Our customers don’t know what the value where the price increase is coming from, and they attribute it to us and that affects our overall satisfaction and it affects our overall relationship and our brand equity, so to speak, with the customer. And so, I think, hitting rates and asking people to disconnect is not a very attractive way to manage the video business. On the other hand, if you don’t fight with programmers to maintain some sort of price integrity for your customer, you would pass through a lot of product. So, it’s a balancing act from my point of view. What I really wish is that the price value of programming wasn’t being destroyed by the programmers. And the reason I say that is that, if you do a 10% programming price increase and you lose 10% of your customers, you don’t really get anywhere, and yet you’ve alienated a lot of people. And, in fact, that’s actually happening and it has been happening. And the reason price increases aren’t able to go through it and if you look at the difference between where prices have gone and where revenues have gone to content companies, they are not able to realize their price increases in their revenue line. And the reason is the product is available for free everywhere over the air, TV Everywhere, all sorts of excess streams being sold through virtual multi-channel video providers and through TV Everywhere, and there is absolutely no security on the product whatsoever. That changes the price-value relationship to customers and makes it impossible to raise prices and generate revenue. So, my wish would be that the content industry would manage their content and their copyright to their own benefit instead of pushing through price. And we still think that we have a lot of video customers and they don’t want to have price increases, and so I expect continuous fighting for the foreseeable future.
Tom Rutledge: And the other thing, Bryan, I would add to that is 80% of all the bids in the wireless mobile platform are currently being carried on our Wi-Fi network. And that’s true of all the bits of all the carriers. And so, I said last time, our average customer is using over 250 gigs a month. And if you look at our average customer who is broadband only and who is still watching TV, a la the last discussion we just had, but they’re watching it for free or they’re paying for Netflix or some other service and watching it for free. They are using over 450 gigs a month. And so, the average cellular customer is using between 600 gigs and 800 gigs. So, you have this tremendous offload already occurring on our network and we expect that trend to continue. And we go and take advantage of it from an investment and cost of service perspective.
Tom Rutledge: So, the Stream issue, we are selling more Stream products proportionally to video products. That’s cost driven for consumers. The price of the bundle is very expensive and we talked about content companies trying to push rate buttons. And so, there are a lot of customers who can’t afford it, don’t necessarily know how to go over the top and take it free or wouldn’t consider doing that. And so, they’re downgrading to Stream both from existing packages and going there from on the increment. And it’s really the save money. Most consumers would like to have it all. And so, we are trying to smartly market Stream products to those consumers who are income constrained. And it’s we’re generally pretty good at targeting that, but it’s not a perfect science. So, there’s a tension between our strategies in trying to sell full packages and to sell Stream at the same time to those who are income constrained. And we’re just playing the marketplace and trying to be responsive to consumers’ video needs. So, I don’t know where it goes. And I don’t know where our contractual relationships will allow us to take it either. With regard to upgrade and throughput in the plant, we have a lot of capacity in the plant already and we don’t expect material changes in our capital trends as a result of the growth of data throughput in sort of a foreseeable future. We do think there is a long-run opportunity to create new products that can’t work in today’s environment for relatively small capital investments. But if you look at the current operating model, the current marketplace, we don’t anticipate, even with the rate of data consumption increasing, that we’re going to have any sort of outsized trend in capital required.
Tom Rutledge: And so, your second question about what’s more important from an asset perspective if you’re doing M&A, look, I think the cable business is a great business and I think it’s well positioned to be the connectivity infrastructure going forward and has cost opportunities that can’t be easily replicated and, therefore, makes it a wonderful business that allows you to move massive capacity through it and it’s fully deployed. And I think there are scale advantages to having more cable. And so, I would look at the cable asset as the most valuable asset. We don’t have any need today to do any wireless M&A and I don’t know that I would do any if it were available. Obviously, it depends on what it costs, but the cable business is the predominant distribution vehicle for data even in a mobile environment because, as you think about the future of mobile, the cells are very small. We already are a small cell provider through our Wi-Fi platform. And as other small cell technologies become available, we have a fully distributed high capacity, easy to upgrade, efficient to upgrade network pretty much everywhere on the streets and byways and that gives – makes the cable business a great business.
Chris Winfrey: Ben, on CapEx, if you take a look at traditional cable capital expenditure, it does tend to be back ended through the course of the year. At the end of 2018, we’re coming off a pretty large investment cycle as it related to big integration projects, DOCSIS 3.1, all digital. And so, some of that has pushed out our planning and spend for this year, a little bit later than, frankly, what we had even budgeted for. It doesn’t mean that I don’t think that the business is capable of spending it and that they’re not good ROI projects and they need to get done. So, it’s going to be a little bit of a challenge to get to the $7 billion. But in a sort of perverse way, we’re hopeful that that can get done because it’s good capital to spend and it benefits the business. So, time will tell, but for now that’s still our goal is in spending at or just below $7 billion.
Chris Winfrey: Just to piggyback on what Tom said, what is our target is to be the highest free cash flow growth in the industry, not only on a gross basis, but also on a per share basis. And we feel pretty good about that opportunity given the operating strategy.
Chris Winfrey: Second one is an interesting question. And I think how I answer that without going too deep. So, broadband, you’re right, trends tend to be better in the second half of the year than the first half. There is nothing going on that would change that normal seasonality, for all the reasons that Tom spoke about earlier and I did as well. All the operating metrics are moving in the right direction and we expect to – our target and our goal is to be accelerating customer and Internet relationship growth rate for the full year. And I think that implies also doing pretty well in the second half as well. We’ll see where we end up, but that’s the goal. Cash flow contribution from a wireless customer once we’ve reached scale. Yes, I think you have two opposing trends. When you think about cash flow contribution going all the way down to EBITDA and including the effects of CapEx, you’re comparing a video business where the contribution margin is declining over time, its utility to Internet is not. But its cash flow on a standalone basis, which Tom just went through why it’s not the right way to look at it. But those lines will cross. And at what point in time, I’m not going to get into exactly what your models would say, but I think your premise is generally right. I would add that the mobile contribution, as the networks converge, the opportunity to move that to a higher contribution exists. And the other aspect of the mobile contribution is its pull through to the overall relationship and how significant that is. And so, you can look it as a standalone business with a margin contribution, but you can also look at it, as just described video, which is the product that you carry on a network that is ultimately an attribute of the network and drives our overall customer relationships.
Chris Winfrey: Got it. And let me start with the first question. I think not pretty sure whether it is at your conference or whether it was on the last earnings call I mentioned, Q2 is a seasonal disconnect quarter. So, trying to evaluate the success of a multi-year strategy based on a seasonal disconnect quarter, it’s a little fraught. We had a really good year-over-year in Q1. We expect accelerated customer relationship and Internet growth for the full year. I just commented; I think the back half will be better. It’s also true that, during the first half of last year, we were still working through a number of different integration issues. And it’s also true that churn is coming down across every single type of churn. Three major types of churn across three different companies or legacy platforms, so 9 different metrics of churn that are all going south in a good way. And so, all you need to do is maintain or increase your sales to have improved net adds. And given everything that we’ve been talking about in the business, while it’s not guaranteed, we’re pretty confident that that’s where we’re heading. It doesn’t mean a single quarter. It means for a year, which I think is more important than a single quarter. And that’s where we’re heading and we’re pretty confident. As it relates to double-digit broadband revenue growth, keep in mind that GAAP forces us to reallocate revenue across all these products. So, I wouldn’t spend too much time on a single product line looking at the revenue growth of that. What makes more the bigger difference is customer relationship growth and on the bill to the extent that we have a change in rate, either because of higher amount of single play that’s coming through or because of some additional speed uptakes, which we are getting a fair amount of that going into the 400 megabit service more than we probably expected. I think the broadband business has the ability and the potential to grow at a really healthy rate for a long period of time. Whether or not with GAAP allocations that are moving across voice back into broadband and video or not, I think it’s going to be healthy for a long time, and I think that’s where I’d leave it.
Chris Winfrey: Margins are up, what, 0.8% year-over-year in cable, and that’s not a small move. And so, I don’t know. I think it’s pretty healthy and attractive. What I mentioned in the prepared remarks is, if you think about the I disclosed it because I think it matters, the growth rates, if you take a look at Legacy Charter growing in the high 5s and Bright House growing at even 7.7% and TWC growing at 4.3% is a great growth rate, but it’s not where we’d like to get it. And so, to your point, in the second quarter of having slightly lower sales, that was occurring in the TWC footprint. And I don’t think there’s anything systemic there. We’re just now hitting our stride and I think we’ll look at it throughout the year.
Chris Winfrey: And on the billing standardization, Brett, really it’s a small change, but it’s just had a working capital impact. It actually has a meaningful impact on the number of billing calls that we expect to receive, so we expect a significant reduction as a result of having less service calls per churn over time. But there is no impact to ARPU. There is no impact to subs. And there is no financial impact other than the working capital that I had mentioned on the call. So, net-net, a one-time change and it should be for the long-term benefit of the company.
Chris Winfrey: Other expenses. Yes. Oddly enough, some of that expense is actually being driven by our in-sourcing where property cash I know this is in the weeds, but it’s the truth. Property and casualty insurance expense related to insourcing your labor force is flowing through us as opposed through contract labor. Now that we’re towards the tail end of insourcing the labor force to the target levels, I think, over time I’m not telling you Q3, Q4. I’m telling you, looking out into next year and beyond, my hope is that that’s not the new run rate.
Chris Winfrey: So, mobile CapEx, it really is a function primarily of the retail footprint upgrade. We won’t be 100% done by the end of this year. So, I think some of that will continue at least for the first half of next year, but it has a finite life attached to it. So, that CapEx is going to be largely non-recurring. There is some software development CapEx which is elevated as you get into the business and that should also come down. It won’t that piece won’t 100% disappear. And as it relates to the MVNO, what we talk about particularly on the last call was Tom went through is, we are testing aggressively what’s called dual SIM and that, under our current MVNO, would give us, we believe, the ability and a high-quality way to offload traffic. But that comes from any small cell build that we did using CBRS or other unlicensed or licensed spectrum, that all looks really promising at this point. It would be ROI based to the extent that we work through any of that small cell build in the home, in the business or on strand. And that would have an implication a positive ROI, but it would have an implication on some CapEx associated with that, tying to your first question.
Chris Winfrey: On the original content programming expense, if you take a look at, I think, what’s in the Q as well as in the prepared remarks I had, it’s the tiniest of all the drivers in that line. We’re talking single digit millions. And that’s a function of the cost of production being amortized over the life of the asset, which is typical content industry accounting. So, it’s not a material driver inside of Q2 and it’s not going to be significant in any way, particularly when you look at it as it relates to our programming. So, very, very small. We just mentioned it because I think it was the third or fourth largest driver in that category.
Philip Cusick: Hi, thanks. Chris, you’ve expressed confidence in accelerating broadband growth in the back half and you’ve talked a lot about the sort of slow changes that are happening in the business. But I’m still having a hard time seeing what needs to change for that to happen versus the stable broadband adds from last year this quarter? And then, second, and we’ve talked about this before, but as you think about pricing, can you get this business to double-digit broadband revenue growth without taking more price, especially as video trends weaken? Thanks.
Philip Cusick: Yes. So, we get to double-digit broadband revenue growth as video trends weekend, and is that sort of dragging broadband down with it. Thank you.
Philip Cusick: With more efficient sales, I would think margins would be better than they’re showing if sales are down.
