Tom Rutledge: Sure. So Doug, yes, I think that our opportunity over a multiyear period is significant. And I think that we have an opportunity to – when you look at the penetration of those mobile products, we have an opportunity to continue to grow rapidly. And so we are moving to make sure that happens in terms of the way we position and sell our products and in terms of their – both product attributes and the price that we charge. My – the purpose of that exposition on how much telecom spin there is, is just to show that there's lots of runway in front of us and a significant market opportunity there for us to create value for Charter while, at the same time, creating value for consumers. In terms of convergence, we already are moving toward convergence in many ways. And we have owners' economics in many ways. And we also have a good relationship as an MVNO. The owners' economics we get are in the CBRS spectrum that we purchased and its deployment in the Wi-Fi network that we've deployed and the traffic that we carry over it. And there's continued opportunities to take advantage of that in the near-term and the long-term to create additional value for our customers and for the company's cost structure.
Tom Rutledge: So Ben, the issue of capacity and where it's needed and how it's used is a complicated discussion. But basically, our view is that if you think about the way networks are used, and I said people are using 700 gigs a month in the presentation today and a lot of our customers are using over a terabyte per month, most of that is television being delivered through IP to households. And the actual upstream usage is quite sufficient for all the current uses that we have. So we don't have an immediate need to expand the capacity of the plant. And the plant is actually used in a very asymmetric way by the products that are currently on it. And we don't see that changing in the near-term. But we do have the capability from a technical perspective to upgrade our network based on changing market dynamics, however they may develop in terms of how products develop. We don't see an immediate need to do that, but we do think our network from a competitive point of view is well positioned from a capital intensity perspective to make those upgrade costs at much lower cost than alternative means. And so we think that we're positioned to grow in the marketplace in a very efficient way and serve products that we need to serve up based on the way the market develops. But today, we should continue to operate our network with more capacity downstream than upstream.
Tom Rutledge: What I would say is that we are in an unusual climate, and it’s still unusual. And when it normalizes, which I expect it to normalize, our cost structure will revert to what it was historically, and that includes a bad debt. And as a result of that, growth could accelerate, but growth also can create cost as – well, when you are comparing it to someone who isn’t growing. And so that has an impact on margins. But the overall trajectory of our business, notwithstanding the current circumstances, which are really unprecedented. The fundamental cost to serve our customers continues to come down because of our digitization of the sales and marketing and service infrastructure of the company and our ability to do self-service and self-installation. And the relative ease of delivery going forward creates long-term advantages and the cost of CPE continues to come down on a relative basis. So, we have long run trends, which are favorable to our cost structure. We have short-term trends which are favorable to our cost structure which I expect to go away.
Tom Rutledge: So Craig, on the stimulus, a lot of that money is undifferentiated in the States and has broadband in front of it in the nomenclature, but it’s – it can go anywhere. And so yes, we are out, through our business sales services groups, trying to orient that money both to line extension and to products for schools and municipalities. And we have a full suite of products to sell. But how that money gets allocated and how it gets spent in the States is difficult to say. And I think it will vary by location. So it’s a huge opportunity, as you pointed out, and it’s massive. And our sense is that the States are – don’t know how to spend it all. And so they are – we will see what happens, but there is an opportunity there.
Tom Rutledge: We will create customers if we can retain those customers and whatever works, but we are doing well without it.
Tom Rutledge: In terms of the broadband customer base, most of our customer base is on entry level package, meaning 200 megabits. So, our basic strategy has been to have a very rich broadband product as our base product. And we have continuously taken that up. And so in terms of opportunities to sell up, we have a lot of it. We haven’t done much of that really. We do it. And obviously, we satisfy the market, but the bulk of our customer base is at the entry-level speed, which is quite high. Our – I am not sure I fully understood what you were going at with the passings growth. But it’s really about housing starts and versus if you take out the RDOF out of it and what’s that going to look like. And yes, we – our footprint pretty much looks like the United States from a statistical perspective. And so if you look at housing starts and you have an opinion on that, that will probably mirror our passings growth.
Tom Rutledge: Jessica, the video business is under a lot of challenge, and it’s going through a transformation. And we are – we have over 10 million customers now who receive our service through an application as opposed to a set-top box. And we have direct-to-consumer relationships, and we have new relationships with programmers developing that allow us to sell traditional content and bundles. We have different kinds of bundles, some are traditional cable TV packages, some are over-the-top packages and some are direct to consumers, where we are representing direct-to-consumer relationship and really essentially acting in a consignment kind of mode. So, we have every business model you can imagine going on simultaneously, which I think over the long-term creates opportunity for us. Right now, it’s quite disruptive.
Tom Rutledge: Well, it’s going to affect the value of content. And obviously, if content comes out of bundled packages and goes direct-to-consumer, its value in the bundle goes down.
Tom Rutledge: Well, my hope is to have all the share over time. And so we have significant ambition. It will take a long, long time to get that. But if you do – I don’t have the wireline share off the top of my head, but it’s significant.
Tom Rutledge: It’s significant. And it’s oddly, we got the right to be in to compete in the telephone business, and we are a telephone company now. And that’s kind of strange when you think about it. In terms of how we are communicating with regard to broadband build-out and subsidy and infrastructure subsidies, our view is that the job one is to get the un-served areas of the country served and that subsidies should be directed to do that. And we are willing to help and invest and to make that happen. And that the private capital that’s been deployed in the United States in the communications networks, the capital that just got spent on Spectrum by the wireless companies and us and Comcast and the CBRS auction and the capital that’s going into – that has gone into and continues to go into the communications infrastructure in the country is good and held us in good stead in – through the pandemic when we were able to operate networks at high capacity instantaneously, unlike Western Europe and other places where communication services and entertainment services were actually down rest. So, we think there is a good model there and an opportunity to serve the un-served and would like to help and be part of it.
Tom Rutledge: Well, luckily, it’s not a material part of our business. It’s difficult, and it’s expensive and the prices continue to go up. It’s hard to say how we could monetize it effectively over the long run.
Tom Rutledge: And if I understand your question, it was why do we have confidence that broadband growth will accelerate? And why ‘22 will be better than ‘21? I think that our basic view is that if you go back over the last few years that we have been on a growth track, and that growth track has been accelerating, and we had a very anomalous situation in 2020 that carries into ‘21. And that if you just sort of trend out that long-term line, it gets back on that line in ‘22. And that’s really what we are saying. It’s that simple.
Chris Winfrey: On the RDOF spend, Doug, the way we think about that $5 billion just in Phase 1 of RDOF, we think there may be more opportunities over time either through federal programs or through what we call white space areas that might be a product of the additional rural investing that we make that open up new opportunities. But when you think about this in terms of project financing, these construction projects have a much higher cost per passing than what we've typically built, and they have a longer payback. But as a result of them being as expensive as they are, we have a real high confidence in our ability to penetrate these markets with a broadband service that's needed and desired. And so what that means is, together with low-risk assumptions on ARPU, you can have pretty high confidence in terms of what the financial model is going to look like both from a cost and revenue perspective over time. So I think I've mentioned in the past that we'd expect the payback – the cash-from-cash payback for these type of projects to be double digits in terms of years, so over 10 years. But the IRR can be mid-teens. And so we think those attractive investment with a low risk in terms of our ability to achieve those types of returns. What we haven't factored into any of that is what does that open for additional building opportunities on the edge of those networks as well as some of these rural communities by having broadband can actually have more fill in or become more suburban like, which could open up opportunities, which aren't built into our model. We think it's consistent to build this way as part of our strategy, and we think it's the right thing to do for the extended communities that we serve. And we think it's attractive for shareholders as a way to continue to grow our broadband footprint over time. So another alternative way to think about it is when you think about those type of economics, it's actually not that different from cable M&A at a point in time where there just hasn't been unfortunately as much cable M&A that we would have liked to have done.
Chris Winfrey: Ben, on the lower level of activity, it's true. It's normalizing slightly slower than what we would have expected or hoped for. Like I said in the prepared remarks, the benefit is that we have really significant EBITDA growth as a result of last year's subscriber growth and this year – this quarter's subscriber growth, compounded by the lower level of activity in the marketplace, which is driving down transaction costs and churn and bad debt, which produces an outsized temporary financial result. Our preference would be to put a little bit of pressure on those financial results by increasing our sales and marketing through commissions and through normalizing the market through a higher level of move activity, which opens up additional selling opportunities for us as a share taker. It's a share-taker year. We'd like to be on the offensive and to acquire customers and save some money. And that opportunity is what contributes to net adds and what contributes to short-term financial pressure to have a higher long-term EBITDA and free cash flow. We have seen the market slowly coming back. And so it is moving in the right direction. It's just not moving as fast as some of us would like. That includes from move churn slight – not as much on non-pay because of all this subsidy that’s out there today, which is a different topic. I think it's going to start getting back to normal here pretty quick. A lot of us who have been in the office every day through the pandemic that we're just noting this morning that the pickup in traffic even in the New York and Connecticut area, it's pretty symbolic in terms. It's going to normalize, and we think that will start to – it will continue to take place across the rest of the country. And so we're optimistic about our ability to sell and net add through the rest of the year.
Chris Winfrey: So, two separate topics. One and I am not sure if Tom would differ. But we feel we are pretty aggressive on the sales and marketing side. And to the extent that we could be more aggressive, and we thought that it would have the ability to add more subscribers, and we would do it. And so we are always looking for that, and we are not afraid to spend if we think we can drive customer acquisition, some of the difficulties that you are digging out customers and they are inert. And so you have to keep coming back and back and back. And as attractive as our products are and as much as we can save customers’ money, it takes a while to prime loose, and it’s disruptive to swap out one, if not all, of your services in the household. And despite the economics that we can provide and the better quality speeds and service, it just takes a little bit of time. But we are always looking for ways to be more aggressive. And as Tom mentioned, I think mobile, because of the additional outsized amount of dollars that we can save customers, is a really interesting tool, together with the combined benefits of products that we can provide that most cannot.
Chris Winfrey: Okay. Good for me. And bad debt. And look, there is a bull case that the market could start to move and our selling opportunities could increase, which would drive higher commissions and transaction costs to acquire and provision and install these customers. And the bull case would be at the same time, we have that because the level of subsidy that is out in the marketplace and might continue that our bad debt could remain low, and it could actually open up. Those subsidies could open up portions of the market from an affordability standpoint that could drive more sales. And so could end up with the best of the both worlds, maybe, but that’s not something that we are betting on. It’s an environment we have never really seen before. And that’s not factored into any of the kind of outlook or forward-looking statements that were provided. I don’t think we want to depend on third parties to drive our growth. And it may be the case that, that’s how it turns out. But right now, we are focused on just selling more cable and minimizing the churn to the extent that we can things that are in our control.
Chris Winfrey: And as it relates to business services growth, there are really 2 separate categories here. One is SMB and enterprise. The re-pricing of the TWC base is essentially through for SMB. We have had some pressure recently through seasonality programs that we have offered to SMB customers through COVID that is winding down as well as the re-pricing being through. If you take a look at the unit growth on SMB, I think you can pretty quickly see a path for us to kind of get revenue growth than SMB more closely aligned to the unit growth rate or the customer relationship growth rate. So, I think the outlook on SMB from a revenue standpoint is positive. The same applies for enterprise. Enterprise is a slightly different set of circumstances. The retail revenue growth rate, like SMB, has been accelerating. And it’s up sequentially, the same as SMB. It’s now at 7.2% for the retail portion of revenue for enterprise. And it’s being held back slightly by wholesale, particularly cell tower backhaul, where that’s becoming a lesser and lesser portion of the overall revenue mix in enterprise. And the more strategic piece for us is retail in any event. The enterprise business is selling more, is doing extremely well, both certainly compared to last year, but also compared to 2019. And that’s despite the fact that these are complex fiber products where today, less than 25% of the time, we are meeting our customers’ CIOs in the office. So, that’s a difficult sell to make when you are not in person to have a complex fiber cell, whether it’s for fiber Internet access, Ethernet, unified communications, SD-WAN, and yet our sales are increasing and accelerating despite the fact that we can’t be on location to make those cells. So, I am optimistic about the enterprise retail side and what that’s going to do for the overall revenue growth rate, not only for enterprise, but when you look at commercial combined together with SMB, which is also improving.
Chris Winfrey: On broadband, I don’t see the broader seasonality differences that have always existed in Q2 with disconnects in Q3 with reconnects. A lot of that’s college and back-to-school driven as well as the mood season of people repositioning it if anything. On one end I think it will be normal, on the other hand you could argue that things really do get back to fully normalized level to maybe a pent up demand for that type of activity. So, I don’t know. The two factors you mentioned which could around the edges have an impact slightly, although I don’t think it changes the overall curve, would be to the extent that subsidies and stimulus continued to drive down non-pay. And at the same time, we had an acceleration of move churn, which is a lot more selling opportunities, maybe that could have a positive impact. And the other one that you pointed out was the EBPP program, which could have similar type of benefits both on the non-pay as well as on the activation side. But I don’t think that fundamentally, the overall trend of Q2 compared to Q1 or Q3 or Q4 is going to be that much different. On CapEx, we slightly tweaked what we said from an outlook perspective. And it ties back to what I talked about with Ben in terms of the market is normalizing, but just at a slightly slower pace. But as that market has been – remains slow to normalize, data usage remains high. And so that has an impact on the amount of headroom we planned for in terms of capacity and network augmentation. Now it’s very much possible our core cable capital intensity declines this year. But given the uncertainty, we updated the outlook slightly to say relatively “consistent” with last year. But I want to be clear, there is no change to our long-term outlook for core cable capital intensity to decline.
Chris Winfrey: Look, we are always concerned about competition, and we are watching for it. On the increment, and I think there will be added pressure. We think it’s a real product for certain areas of a customer base. And so it’s something we are keeping an eye on. And we have our own mobile broadband wireless together with our fixed line broadband converged we think competes well, and it requires us to continue to invest in that space.
Chris Winfrey: Correct. From a C-band perspective, that will be something we participate through the MVNO and then we have our own CBRS, which you are aware of as well.
Chris Winfrey: I agree. That will be the variability driver. Just to put in context of what’s going on today, we are building about – we are constructing about 600,000 a year, much of which is rural extensions proactive on our part already before RDOF. The remainder of what you see of our passings growth is fill-in and other type of what we call brownfield opportunities.
Chris Winfrey: Yes, certainly. That will all depend on the overall housing starts growth. And then during the period of RDOF, there is an additional over 1 million homes that we will construct in these rural areas to address RDOF on top of whatever the organic growth rate is, which a big driver is the housing starts, as Tom mentioned.
Chris Winfrey: There were years and years and years where when we modeled and forecasted and realized what we were getting, it was always at 50% of broadband to your point. And so until the wireline substitution with mobile really took place in a significant way, that was pretty reliable for a long time. So, I think that where really going gives you what you are looking for.
Chris Winfrey: So on the wireless EBITDA, and our goal is – it’s going to sound bad, but our goal isn’t to drive short-term EBITDA profitability. Our goal is to drive as much growth as we can because we know what the underlying profitability is and what it does for the overall business. So, I don’t think we are going to be forecasting EBITDA breakeven on a consolidated wireless business basis, which isn’t even how we look at the business because we think about it combined. And that being said, we have essentially the same economics as Comcast, and so the model is very similar. And – but we are focused on really driving as much subscriber acquisition as we can. The business itself, absent any subscriber acquisition costs, so absent any marketing and sales, already cleared profitability absent growth cost at the 2 million lines mark. So, we are well into that territory. So really, what you are looking at in terms of an EBITDA drag right now is really about new subscriber acquisition. And that’s something, if we have the opportunity to push through, we are going to go do that. And so I don’t want to give necessarily a guidance or an outlook on that. But the trend continues to improve despite the fact that we have a very strong net addition rate on wireless lines.
Chris Winfrey: I don’t think RDOF is going to be a significant contributor in 2022, just given the limited number of activated passings that will be there. So, I don’t think about that as a material driver. I think about just the momentum and the ability to use mobile, which we have treated as an attribute to the broadband product as a way to continue to drive growth and to continue to improve retention on the broadband side.
