Stephen P. Smith: Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. As Bob mentioned, our team again delivered a very strong quarter. NiSource delivered net operating earnings non-GAAP of about $57 million or $0.18 per share during the third quarter. That compares with about $12 million or $0.04 per share for the same period last year. Our operating earnings for the quarter came in at about $184 million. As we noted on our last call, our results for 2013 reflect our $340 million forward sale equity issuance completed on September 10, 2012, which added approximately 24 million common shares to the balance sheet. On a GAAP basis, our income from continuing operations for the quarter was about $50 million or $0.16 per share compared to about $17 million or $0.05 per share in the third quarter of last year. Schedules 1 and 2 to our earnings release show the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciling items. Turning to our business units. Columbia Pipeline Group or CPG delivered operating earnings of about $99 million in the third quarter compared to about $39 million for the prior year. Net revenues at CPG, excluding trackers, were up about $68 million for the quarter primarily due to the Columbia Transmission modernization settlement charge in the third quarter of 2012. CPG remains on track to deliver earnings in line with our plan for the year. NIPSCO Electric delivered operating earnings of about $91 million for the quarter compared to $78 million in 2012. Net revenues, excluding trackers, were up about $12 million for the quarter due primarily to increased recovery of environmental investments and higher industrial and commercial margins. And NiSource Gas Distribution reported operating earnings -- an operating earnings loss of about $0.5 million for the quarter compared to operating earnings of $9.7 million in 2012. Net revenues, again excluding trackers, were up about $12 million for the quarter due primarily to our regulatory progress and infrastructure investments. Operating expenses were up due primarily to higher environmental costs, increased outside services and administrative costs and higher depreciation from increased capital spend. Like our other business units, NGD remains on track to deliver earnings for the year in line with our expectations. As Bob noted, we're pleased to report that we're squarely on track to deliver earnings well within our guidance range for the year, which we are reaffirming at $1.50 to $1.60 per share, again, non-GAAP. Turning to Slide 5, let's quickly touch on our financing and liquidity highlights. I'm pleased to report that our liquidity position remains strong at approximately $1.4 billion as of the end of the third quarter. This is supported by a number of recent developments, including the 30-year issuance of $500 million in debt earlier this month. We also increased our revolving credit facility by $500 million to $2 billion and extended the facility through September 2018. As of September 30, our debt-to-capitalization ratio was 59.7%. Before turning the call back to Bob, I would like to take the opportunity to reiterate NiSource's core financial commitments, which are: maintaining our stable investment grade credit ratings; growing earnings by 5% to 7% annually; growing the dividend by 3% to 5% annually; and maintaining a strong liquidity position, all while supporting a robust investment program. And as Bob mentioned earlier, our team's continued strong focus on execution keeps us squarely on track to deliver on these core commitments. With that, I'll turn the call back to Bob.
Stephen P. Smith: Well, Carl, let me take that. This is Steve. We're on track for the earnings growth projections we've previously shared with you at NGD. And really, as we ramp up the capital investments that drive that growth, you'll see associated expense growth in short windows during which the lead lag dynamics of spending and recovery shift. So over the plan, the additional expenses associated with the growth are all well matched with the regulatory recovery. So it's nothing out of the ordinary, and it's fully within our expectations.
Stephen P. Smith: Yes, sure. Just at a high level, what transpired last year at this time was a modernization settlement charge that we took in the third quarter. So fast forward to the third quarter this year, what you're seeing is 2 offsetting items, one in revenue, one in depreciation. And the revenue offset is about $66 million, and the depreciation offset is about $16 million. So you net those two together, and that's $50 million, effectively, that we took in the third quarter of 2012. With respect to the other revenues that you're referring to, that's primarily -- that increase of $25-or-so million is effectively the other transmission rate adjustment, which is a tracker, which is offset in O&M. So it shows up in revenues and in other revenues.
Stephen P. Smith: The equity earnings are all the partnerships that we have. And primarily the driver there that's increasing quarter-over-quarter is almost entirely increases from Millennium Pipeline. So earnings are up a couple of million dollars as a result of that.
Stephen P. Smith: And we're finishing up the first year of modernization, in and around $300 million of spend so far in 2013. We'll be making that filing at FERC shortly, and the revenues will be increased in the February 2014 timeframe.
Robert C. Skaggs: It ramps up, Paul, as our spending on the 3 scrubber projects begin to wind down. Now actual spending will begin as soon as we receive commission approval in '14, but again, it ramps up over the 7-year period.
Robert C. Skaggs: Paul, I may have one other note just for you and the other folks on the call. We've been fairly consistent in saying that, as it currently stands, NIPSCO's CapEx program, give or take, is in the $450 million to $500 million range, and that's what we intend to keep it at going forward. So again, think about scrubbers ramping down T-Desk [ph] or 7-year investments beginning to ramp up.
Robert C. Skaggs: That's correct. And the shelf that we filed yesterday was a routine filing. We needed to file that by early November. So it was a routine filing, and we're still projecting the need for additional equity second half of '15.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, you're directionally correct. It continues to be a viable option. It's certainly worthy of consideration. As you know and others know, we've been looking at it carefully, albeit deliberately. A couple of key considerations that we need to navigate, number 1, are credit considerations. Given we're relatively low, BBB-, we need to navigate the credit considerations carefully. There's also concerns around tax leakage, and again, we have to navigate that issue. Both, I would say, aren't show stoppers, but I also say both aren't trivial. So they require careful thought and consideration. The team continues to look at and work through the considerations, and I think we've also said as we get closer to '15 and the need for additional equity, consideration becomes more relevant. In the meantime, the team's focused on developing accretive projects and building the investment inventory.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. Our standard approach, we prefer to settle anything and everything we possibly can, and we're always exploring that opportunity. Having said that, both of these cases are cases of first impression. First one's filed under the new legislation. So our expectation is that they will be litigated, that there will be a process. But you've already suggested. We think the process is going to be constructive, and it's going to help all the stakeholders to come out to the right decisions on both filings.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. We're -- and actually, the steel load was fine during the quarter. And so the quarter was -- I would call it a pleasant surprise, but for the year, we believe that the load is going to be flattish. And our projections was flattish. Our outlook tends to be flattish, and our models are premised on flat industrial activity. And so as you look at the company and the business, that's what I would assume.
Robert C. Skaggs: When you think about NiSource, be it residential, commercial or industrial, think and model, flattish.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, that's a fair statement. You may recall that we held an open season, gosh, 3 months ago, on a project called Cameron Access or Cameron Reach. The team continues to work on that project diligently, and I would only say stay tuned.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, let me just speak to the filing. That filing was simply an effort to encourage PJM and MISO to work more cooperatively, work in a more coordinated fashion so that we can continue to rationalize, grow, reinforce, strengthen interstate transmission. So that's what it was, pure and simple. And we have 2 major electric transmission projects underway. We hope that there are additional opportunities that are of that size and nature within our footprint. So that's what we're -- we're looking for those opportunities. But again, we do think PJM and MISO need to work more closely together so that this can unfold in a more coherent fashion.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, we have included in our outlook, in our plans, about $0.5 billion for 2 specific electric transmission projects that have been approved by MISO and the FERC and are actually under construction. One is into the right-of-way process. The second one is just launching. Now again, our hope and desire would be to identify, develop, originate projects similar in nature to those. We do not have those yet to be defined opportunities reflected in the plan.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. I can't give you any sort of refined, precise nature of the impact, but you're right. The point is to improve the efficiency of the system, to relieve transmission congestion and make the grid just operate better and more reliably. But I can't give you -- I cannot reduce that to a quantified improvement.
Robert C. Skaggs: You may have heard us say before that we see this arrangement being earnings accretive beginning in '14 as that tracker kicks in, cash accretive beginning into '15.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. We are always looking at our storage fields, and you know we have a slew of storage fields in the mid-Atlantic regions. We're always looking in that -- at that from an engineering standpoint and optimization standpoint. In fact, that's the way we look at the entire capacity of the network. And when we have -- when we feel we have an opportunity to adjust the base gas storage or any capacity, we look at market conditions and try to take advantage of it. And we do this periodically, and that's what occurred in this situation.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. Going forward, it's going to be less than that. In fact, good question, across NiSource, we see O&M increases tracking at about the rate of inflation. That's across the entire footprint. But both pipeline group and gas distribution group have had some Millennium pressures as they've made these dramatic increases in the CapEx programs. Those increases will normalize and/or will be recovered in rates.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. Thank you very much. And to all the participants on the call this morning, thank you for your interest, your attention and support of NiSource. Have a good, safe day. Thanks.
