Shawn Anderson: Thank you, Lloyd. The preferred plan from NIPSCO's 2021 IRP confirmed the retirement of the last coal-fired generation unit at Michigan City as well as 2 vintage gas peaking units at the Schahfer Generating Station site and advance the window for these retirements to occur between 2026 and 2028. To support reliable generation when these units retire, enhancements to our portfolio will require replacement capacity from technology, including solar, stand-alone battery storage and natural gas taking resources. We estimate that the new investments of up to $750 million will be required to support the retirement of our last coal fired units.  As we evaluate the actual projects required to support these portfolio additions, we are evaluating all forms of technology, bid through the RFP process launched in May. We continue to analyze these proposals and complete due diligence on these projects available, which align with the preferred plan identified back in November.  We expect to be able to share the results of our analysis during the first half of 2022. Meanwhile, we are making steady progress on the execution and construction of renewable generation projects resulting from NIPSCO's 2018 IRP. We continue to expect to invest $2 billion in renewable generation by the end of 2023 to replace the retiring capacity at Schahfer.  Our most recent project to come online and begin operations is Indiana Crossroads I, a 302-megawatt wind facility, which entered service in December. This project joins the Rosewater and Jordan Creek wind farms already operational and contributing to NIPSCO's power generation fleet across 2021.  Meanwhile, we expect 4 additional projects to be in service by the end of this year. They are Dunns Bridge Solar I, Indiana Crossroads Solar, Brickyard Solar and Greensboro Solar. These projects will represent our first solar facilities, while the Greensboro project is our first project, which also includes storage. We expect the final 7 renewable generation projects needed to replace the retiring capacity of Schahfer to come online in 2023.  Our project and commercial teams continue to work tirelessly alongside our project partners to advance these projects as initially intended. As this work continues, we remain in close contact with some of the strongest developers in the renewable energy space regarding the progress of these projects and are actively monitoring any potential delays associated with the construction process, including the dynamic nature of the global supply chain.  NiSource also continues to engage with producers and developers focused on renewable natural gas, hydrogen and emerging storage technologies. We continue to support the advancement of these technologies and fuels to support accelerated and deeper decarbonization solutions, leveraging existing assets such as the natural gas system. We seek a risk-informed understanding of the options and technologies, which may emerge as pathways towards further decarbonization and are encouraged on how our communities and service territory could benefit from the development of these technologies.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Donald, who will discuss our 2021 financial performance in more detail.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Thanks, Lloyd. Thanks for the question, Julien. You said it, it's premature to speculate how any potential the way might change the regulatory strategy here. And I know just as I did in my prepared remarks that we have not seen a delay yet that it's extended beyond the time line we initially planned for. So there's a lot that's going to play out here.  A couple of other considerations. Just to note, Indiana, as you probably already know, allows for a forward test year. We've utilized that historically for both our electric and gas cases in the past. So it has some precedent there. It also has some precedent for rate step implementations.  I think it's really important to remember that all of these projects have already received an approved CPCN. So while the timing might have some potential to flex we believe the need for these rate base additions is just really clear in terms of how they'll add value for our communities. So as you'd expect, we'll continue to be active, and we'll evaluate and monitor this and much more to come here in May or at the midpoint of 2022.
Shawn Anderson: So the 2018 projects have all been approved from a CPCN standpoint. So that's the first step in the process. Well, there's a number of steps to process. That's the first real regulatory step that you've got to cross through that demonstrates the prudence.  In terms of the projects themselves, then they need to be executed. It's a process, of course, through the supply chain process to get the materials on site and then to construct the facilities, that could take 6 to 12 months, depending upon the size of the facility and where it's being constructed. That's where the remaining projects are outside the 3 that are operational, are in the construction phase or to-be-constructed phase and the project teams currently working with the developers to then stand those projects up. Right now, the schedule for the projects remains with 4 more projects to be COD or operational this year and then the remainder of the projects in 2023. That would all take you through construction.  And then as we've already sort of highlighted here on a rate case standpoint, you'll file a rate case and do a forward-look test year that moves through that in-service date to then pick up those investments as part of your regulatory requirement and your CapEx additions.
Shawn Anderson: Yes, that's exactly right. And we'll step through each project individually. There's multiple steps through that in terms of getting those constructed, bringing materials on site, et cetera. So we'll step through each of those projects and then sweep all those investments into the rate case and proceed accordingly.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Thanks, Steve. Appreciate the question. So all projects are currently scheduled to be in service by the end of 2023. That's the critical window. So we have the benefit of the remainder of the calendar for 2022 and 2023 for each project, which is at a different stage in its life cycle to work through what's necessary to get it into service by the end of 2023.  But that does require some active monitoring in terms of the partnership agreement, the developers themselves. They're all sophisticated top-tier developers. This is their critical core competency when you think of names like NextEra, EDPR and Vetergy. So there's diversity and that was intentional across the developers themselves so as not to have concentration risk around 1 developer, and we're working very closely with those developers as they continue to move through the process. But everything remains with a projected 2023 COD, and that's the critical date for us to watch.  And then in terms of contractual protections, each agreement is a little bit unique. But to your point, there are provisions to provide, NIPSCO capacity as it relates to the agreements. There's different levels of indemnity protection and flexibility in terms of even component suppliers when you start to get into the weeds of the agreements, each one is unique. But the important point for customers is that the energy is contracted at that price, that protects our customers, that's an important part of this. And that's what we're seeking for with all 14 of these projects.
Donald Brown: Thanks, Shawn, and good morning, everyone. Before we dive in, I want to update everyone about our Investor Day. It will take place in May, and we'll get a specific date and location details to you as soon as they are finalized. We plan to provide an extension to our capital investment and growth plan, a detailed update on our generation transition and ESG profile as well as give you an opportunity to hear from the leaders of our businesses. I hope you will be able to attend, and I look forward to speaking with you. As Lloyd mentioned a few minutes ago, our 2021 earnings exceeded the top end of our guidance range of $1.32 to $1.36. We've also reaffirmed 2022 guidance of $1.42 to $1.48 and our long-term diluted NOEPS growth rates.  Looking at our full year 2021 results on Slide 4, we had non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $571 million or $1.37 per diluted share compared to non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $507 million or $1.32 per diluted share in 2020. The 2021 results reflect our ongoing execution of infrastructure investments and efficiencies resulting from our NiSource Next initiatives, offset somewhat by the sale of Columbia Gas of Massachusetts, which closed in October of 2020.  Taking a closer look at our segment non-GAAP results on Slide 5. Gas Distribution operating earnings were about $674 million for 2021, representing an increase of approximately $6 million versus last year. Operating revenues, net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses, were lower by approximately $94 million due to the sale of CMA. Other operating expenses were lower by approximately $100 million due to the sale of CMA and our NiSource Next initiatives.  In our Electric segment, non-GAAP operating earnings for 2021 were about $387 million, which was about $25 million higher than in 2020. Operating revenues, net of the cost of energy and track expenses, increased by approximately $24 million, due primarily to infrastructure investment programs and increased customer demand. And other operating expenses were essentially flat to 2020 levels.  Now turning to Slide 6. I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of December 31 was about $9.8 billion, of which about $9.2 billion of long-term debt. The weighted average maturity on our long-term debt was approximately 14 years, and the weighted average interest rate was approximately 3.7%.  At the end of the fourth quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $1.6 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitization programs. Last Friday, we successfully extended our revolving credit facility for another 5-year term. The new facility capacity remains at $1.85 billion with essentially the same borrowing terms.  We also continue our commitment to retaining our investment-grade credit ratings, and all 3 major rating agencies reaffirmed their ratings with stable outlooks in 2021. Taken together, this represents a solid financial foundation that will continue to support our long-term safety and infrastructure investments.  As you can see on Slide 7, we are reiterating our 2022 capital forecast of $2.4 billion to $2.7 billion.  Taking a quick look at Slide 8, which highlights our financing plan, there are no changes to our plan since April's equity unit issuance. I would highlight that this balanced financing plan continues to be consistent with all of our earnings growth and credit commitments.  Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. We're now ready to take your questions.
Donald Brown: Yes. So thanks for the question. We are planning to extend the financial plan. If you think about that next IRP, the '21 IRP, we just filed last quarter. With the future retirement of Michigan City, we do want to take the plant out to at least the period of retiring that plant. So it would certainly be to 2027 or 2028, depending on what the outcome is there. And then certainly, we would provide an update on long-term strategy in the SG profile, as Lloyd has provided.
Donald Brown: It's something that we're exploring. We certainly want to look at the plan and how the plan comes out. We want to be able to communicate that in the most effective way for our shareholders. But if you still step back and you think about what drives our annual earnings, it's our annual CapEx programs and it's those trackers. That provides the predictability of our earnings growth and our cash flow growth.  And so that's always going to be the strong foundation of our long-term plan, but certainly want to make sure that as we look at the next phase of our plan. We're communicating that in a way that provides the most impact for shareholders to understand the long-term value of NiSource.
Donald Brown: Yes. That is our intention that, that next tranche of potential investment would be included in that financial plan at that time. So if you think about current last Analyst Day, we provided a range of the potential investment, and I'd expect would be in that same place in May.
Donald Brown: Yes. When you look at the electric business, part of the cost decrease is related to shutdown of our coal plants, 2 of our Schahfer units that retired in 2021. And then on the gas business, it's continued spend an investment in our safety and SMS program. So we'll continue to see that over the next couple of years. But the objective of NiSource Next is to help mitigate the inflation that we see every year so that we can afford to continue to invest in safety and reliability.
Donald Brown: Yes, I'd say it's too early for me to provide guidance on next year's results. And so give us some time. But again, I'll go back to the core drivers of our earnings. It's the annual CapEx programs, and that's really what provides that clarity and consistency of earnings and allows us to guide off of last year's earnings and an update off of that.  But I won't guide for 2023 yet. But certainly, I expect that we'll -- we've got confidence that we'll be in that 7% to 9% range off of 30 -- off of 2021.
Donald Brown: It does. We're always paying attention to and updating our model for share price and share count that is in our guidance right now. But again, we want to make sure that we've got some cushion as share price moves around that we're not moving outside of our guidance. So we're confident where we are and certainly recognize the appreciation in the stock price over the last 1.5 years.
Lloyd Yates: So thanks for your question, Julien. Let me start by saying, when you look at the current plan, I have a lot of confidence in the current plan. The current plan talks about 7% to 9% compound annual growth rate, and I think that's really good. Our strategic review is really going to take a hard look at how do we extend that plan past 2024.  So what does that mean? It means we want to look at everything. We're going to look hard at the portfolio, the current portfolio we have, and we want to look at the performance of that portfolio. Is that portfolio executing in a way that's providing -- is maximizing shareholder value? We're going to look at the content of that portfolio. Should we keep all of the LDCs or all the businesses we have? Should we buy some? Should we sell other businesses? But I think that's part of the view.  We're going to look hard at our cost structure and efficiency, productivity and some of our operational metrics. So we're just getting started on that. I think that we have a team, the Board will be involved, and that's moving forward, but a comprehensive look at the business.  And just to add a little bit to that, I think as a new CEO and on an ongoing basis, my plan is to constantly evaluate the NiSource portfolio to make sure we're maximizing shareholder value.
Lloyd Yates: I don't have the criteria established yet. A little bit too early for that. We are looking at the data points out there. We've seen the Dominion transaction. We've seen some of the other transactions. There will be data point that feed into our process. But I can't sit here and tell you I have the criteria established right now. I mean this is what my sixth day on the job. So I don't have all those things done yet, but we're working really hard on it.
Lloyd Yates: So not right now, but I'm going to turn it over to Shawn Anderson, maybe a little more detail on that.
Lloyd Yates: Yes, let me set expectations for our Analyst Day. I can't promise you on Analyst Day that our strategic review will be complete. I think that we'll have more clarity on where we are and what the plan looks like, but I want to dive in and understand the organization and the business a little better. We're talking about Analyst Day around the May time table. And I just don't believe we'll have the whole strategic review done by then. I think that's really fast.  So -- but I do think we'll have an idea of what the strategic review looks like and the time table for when will complete the strategic review by Analyst Day.
Lloyd Yates: I think there are a couple of ways to think about that. One is if you were to sell off some pieces of the portfolio, that would eliminate the need for equity in the future. So that's a possibility. There's also a possibility that if you're selling a piece of the portfolio or you could find some other attractive investments to make and whether it's in capital programs for Your Energy, Your Future on the ESG side or whether there are some attractive properties that we may want to purchase. So I think I don't want to speculate on that. But I think what we're trying to do is make the best use if we sell something, the best efficient use of that capital to add shareholder value.
Lloyd Yates: I don't know that Pablo handles the detail. I think Ohio is moving along at a what I'll call a reasonable pace. We don't have any concerns with Ohio, but it's just taking time. And Pablo, you want to give a little more detail if...
Lloyd Yates: So I mean a couple of things that we're going to continue on. One is NiSource Next. We've taken some cost out of the business over the last couple of years with operational efficiencies. So we're going to kind of ramp up the next phase of NiSource Next.  I think as part of the strategic review process, we have an initiative called Your Energy, Your Future. When you look at that, that's retirement of the coal plants by 2028, what's the next phase of that, especially focused on the gas distribution system.  I think decarbonizing the gas distribution system is good for the customers, and I think it will present an opportunity for the company to make investments. So we're looking hard at that. And then as I mentioned earlier, continue to look hard at the portfolio. So those are probably the 3 focus areas.
Lloyd Yates: Yes. I think the cost efficiencies that we know about today are in the current guidance. So when you look at our targets for next year and in the following year, the 7% to 9%, we have cost efficiencies built into those. We want to look harder to try and drive a little more. But right now, I mean those are the guidance numbers we have, and I have a lot of confidence in us hitting those numbers.
Lloyd Yates: So let me start with SMS because I do -- I didn't mention it. So we are committed to continue with SMS. I think in this business, when I think about SMS, I think about operational excellence, I think that's table stakes in this business. We have to operate well and we have to continue to invest in those programs.  On the other hand, we're going to control the cost in those programs. We want to make sure that we invest effectively. And as a result of those programs, I think over time, you should get cost efficiencies out of them. So the cost ramps up a little bit, but as the people who operate get used to the new ways of doing business, you should gain efficiencies out of that.  And again, other issues -- not issues but in our guidance, we'll continue to look at corporate services, just like most companies, we're looking at productivity and any other cost that we spend in the business, making sure that those costs are aligned with other high-performing organizations.
Lloyd Yates: So I think that hurdle is going to exist across the portfolio. When you rotate something out, you got to deal with the dissynergies. I think that we're here and we need to manage those. We decide to rotate something off the portfolio, we have to consider that in the math, but we also have to consider the fact that you can -- dissynergies can be managed, and that will be a part of our strategic review process as we think about that. But we believe they can be managed.
Lloyd Yates: I think it is, Steve. I think as we look at the strategic review, some of the companies that are receiving higher multiples have a higher mix of electric than gas, and I think we have to consider that as part of our strategic evaluation. And does that make sense? And is there -- are there opportunities to shift to more electric versus gas? I don't think we need to be out of gas. I think in the states that we operate in, gas is very valuable. It may not be popular, but it's valuable. So I think as we look at this portfolio, we have to consider all those options, but also consider where we operate.
Lloyd Yates: Yes. So thanks for the question. And I think you're right. The goal here is to cast the net wide, to start broad and then kind of zoom back in. We're going to look at everything. And we're going to look at everything. So we're going to start wide cast back in, and we're going to take a hard look at everything. I think I've said it or I don't want to repeat myself, but we look at the portfolio, operational efficiencies, rotation, mix of electric versus gas, but everything is on the table is the point.
Lloyd Yates: Well, I think we're going to be -- if we buy, we're going to look for value. I mean, you got to say that. Our job is to create shareholder value, and we're going to look for accretive acquisitions if we purchase. If we sell, we want to try to get as much as we can for any asset that we have. And I think that's the challenge in the strategic evaluation. And everybody wants to accomplish the same objective, right, buy low, sell high.  So if we're in that game, I think how you look at those things and how you do that in your strategic, your criteria is going to be really important. But everything we do, I mean, is to gain shareholder value, which means we're going to try to get as many accretive -- we'll try to make everything accretive, but we also want to protect credit quality. And you got to pay attention to the balance sheet. So we get all those things, and we're going to get after it.
Lloyd Yates: So first of all, thank you for your questions. And I want to close by just to reiterate just a few key takeaways. Our 2021 earnings of $1.37 per share exceeded the top end of our guidance range. Number two, we're reaffirming our guidance for 2022, $1.42 to $1.48 per share, and our long-term growth commitments are reaffirmed as well.  Number three, we continue to evaluate NIPSCO's portion of the investment needed to replace the retiring coal-fired generation outlined in the preferred plan from the 2021 IRP. Four, our strong regulatory execution continues, further illustrated by -- we've got some late breaking news last night that NIPSCO reached the settlement principle in the gas rate case, but details to follow there. So I mean our regulatory team is really executing strong. And as Donald mentioned, we look forward to presenting the next phase of our strategy and financial plan at our Investor Day in May, where we will kind of give an update on where we're moving with our broad strategic review.  So thank you for your comments, and we appreciate you joining us this morning, and please stay safe. Thank you.
