Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah Charles, that was Donald, who made that statement. And we haven't decided or made any move in terms of dividend outlook, we continue to guide 4% to 6% earnings per share and dividend growth, based on the plan that we have. I'll ask Donald to maybe add a little bit more insight about the effect of bonus depreciation on our plan and the optionality that it creates for us.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Sure. No, near-term outlook for equity needs. Rate base growth continues to run at a high single-digit percentage clip for us, based on our $1.4 billion of CapEx this year and a fairly consistent outlook beyond that. And then, as we had noted even back at the time of separation, the 4% to 6% EPS growth over the long-term does factor in the eventual need for equity, but it's not in the near-term of the plan and nor do we expect that to change.
Joseph J. Hamrock: That's part of it. There are a number of other factors. Regulatory lag, continued steps through the regulatory process, some O&M growth as well. But yeah, that's a fair statement.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Sure. We've obviously paid close attention to what's happening in the steel sector, a very key part of our industrial customer base and a key part of the fabric of the economy in northwest Indiana. What we believe we're seeing is sort of a leveling off at a capacity that's reflective of what you see across the nation, in the probably 70% range. Our load for last year reflects that kind of a usage pattern. And frankly, if you took out 2014, industrial sales for NIPSCO electric, you'd see 2015 fairly representative of the prior number of years. So a flat load profile in terms of the outlook for NIPSCO electric. And we continue to see that – sort of lower level of production, but fairly stable is the way we look at it right now.
Joseph J. Hamrock: I think it's too early to say that. Better to let them speak to that. But certainly as I noted earlier, a key part of our focus in wanting to find balanced solutions that help make sure that those customers – we're doing our part to ensure the viability of that part of the economy in northwest Indiana.
Joseph J. Hamrock: That's something that we're optimistic about making progress on. I can't say much more about it, but given the procedural schedule, we're hoping for the opportunity to do something on that front in the next day or two, next business day or two.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah, sure. Good morning, Greg. When you look at the profile of our seven companies, the ongoing investment levels and regulatory mechanisms, combination of rate cases and trackers in any given year the range of potential regulatory outcomes is probably the biggest single factor that could move our earnings outlook within that range, and that's a well-diversified mix of regulatory mechanisms. Each state has either a rate case as in Pennsylvania's fully forecasted rate year mechanism or a tracker mechanism that are already well established. So we tend to have a fairly confident outlook within the range, but nonetheless can see a number of things that could change in any given year relative to the mix of regulatory outcomes. Beyond that, I would say there is O&M – O&M variability could be storm-related, could be operationally related in any given year, by far the largest factor is going to be regulatory.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Thank you, Kat. And thank you again for joining us this morning. We certainly appreciate your ongoing interest and support in the NiSource's story and look forward to providing additional updates in the not-too-distant future. Have a great day. Thank you.
