Joseph J. Hamrock: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. NiSource had a strong start to 2018 as our team continues to execute on our well-established plan that's creating value for our customers, communities, and investors. We're getting clarity on the regulatory implementation of federal tax reform, and we're on pace to deliver on the earnings, capital investment, and customer commitments we made for 2018. There's much to cover, so let's jump right in and look at slide 3, which outlines some of our key accomplishments thus far in 2018. We delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of $0.77 per share versus $0.71 in 2017, which slightly exceeds Street expectations of about $0.76. This strong start to the year has NiSource on track to deliver per share net operating earnings within our $1.26 to $1.32 guidance range for 2018. We also remain on plan to invest $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion in our utility infrastructure in 2018. Beyond the first quarter financial results, our teams are also executing on a robust regulatory agenda including reaching a settlement in our Indiana Gas base rate case as well as filing base rate cases in Maryland, Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania. Additionally, the team executed on yet another year of modernization program tracker filings, which ensure continued timely recovery of infrastructure investments. Regulators also approved the long-term extension of our largest gas modernization program, which is in Ohio, and extensions of similar programs are pending in Indiana and Maryland. In our electric business, we've initiated the latest Integrated Resource Plan process with stakeholders in Indiana, and we continue to execute on our long-term electric transmission and distribution system modernization program. Environmental upgrades are well under way at our Michigan City and Schahfer generating stations, and our two major transmission projects are nearly complete with expected in-service dates for later this year. With respect to federal tax reform, the benefits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act are beginning to flow to our customers. We've used lower tax rates to help offset our revenue (00:04:41) increase request in the Indiana, Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Massachusetts base rate cases as well as the annual tracker update in Ohio's gas infrastructure replacement program. And we're engaged with regulators and stakeholders across all our jurisdictions to manage and implement a balanced approach to providing these benefits to customers. With this clarity emerging around the regulatory implementation of tax reform, we're able to effectively manage the cash impacts from these outcomes as well as through business initiatives and cash management. As you likely saw in a separate press release this morning, we've announced a common equity block offering of approximately $600 million. This offering completely resolves any credit and negative cash impacts of tax reform, and we have no plans for additional common equity block offerings through our planning horizon. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Donald who will discuss our financial performance and financing plan updates in more detail. Donald.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Everything is on the table in the IRP just inherently in the way we look at it. I don't know that we'd see more retirements announced, but we revisit the timing of all of the capacity planning, both retirements and new capacity as we look at that profile. So, watch that space across the year. We are putting information on the NIPSCO website that is part of the stakeholder engagement and that will show the full range of scenarios that we're evaluating and discussing with our stakeholders.
Joseph J. Hamrock: When we say that we refer to the untracked O&M, the tracked O&M can move about in time, but we're really actively manage the non-tracked O&M.
Joseph J. Hamrock: We're looking at everything. Obviously, FFO matters for us. And so, we're looking at all of our regulatory programs, and we're staying in touch with our teams there that are managing those rate cases. Otherwise, O&M is probably the next biggest driver around FFO, and it's something that we're obviously managing pretty closely.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah, that's right. If you think about the timing of those rate cases, potentially, you have settlements in Q4, Q3 or Q4. Any cash from those I would absolutely take. But they are going to be less material than our overall O&M program.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah. Thanks, Steve. Good morning. I won't comment or speculate on market activity, Vectren or otherwise. We've had and we'll continue to have a disciplined approach to growing shareholder value, and that's really evidenced by our long-term capital investment programs and the sustained growth outlook that we're reiterating here today, and the current focus remains on those programs and the $30 billion of identified investments that we're executing on.
Joseph J. Hamrock: No pushback. I wouldn't raise that concern. It's really a new, novel, if you will, approach to recovering those deferred investments. The commission has now requested an assignment of an auditor to look at the underlying costs, and so there's progress on it. If not a procedural schedule, there's progress there. We still remain confident in resolution of that filing late this year.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Depending on the stock price, that's correct. The $200 million to $300 million would be the total, that's correct.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah. Andy, this is Joe. Thanks for that question. We're likely going to place that late this year, early next year. By all stretch of the imagination, by this time next year, we would have an update on that. The primary driver there wasn't so much tax reform in the equity, but our CapEx outlook beyond 2020. As you know, the programs that characterize the bulk of our capital are programmatic, stretch well beyond 2020, great visibility there. The part of the capital program that's less clear today is on the electric generation side of the business. As we go through the integrated resource plan this year, we'll refresh that picture, which is more about capacity replacement than the retirement picture that we updated last time. And so, as we formulate that strategy, that will give us the same kind of confidence for CapEx beyond 2020 that we have through 2020 today. So, look for that late this year, more likely early next year based on how the planning looks at this time.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Thank you, Carmen, and thanks to everybody for participating today and for your ongoing support and interest in the NiSource story. As you can see, we're committed to delivering on the long-term growth outlook in a balanced way that manages all of our stakeholder commitments, and what we reported on today is a reflection of ongoing delivery on those commitments. Have a great day.
Donald E. Brown: Thanks, Joe, and hello, everyone. Moving on to our results in slide 4, we delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $260 million or $0.77 per share in the first quarter compared with about $231 million or $0.71 per share in the same period of 2017. The biggest driver of our strong financial performance continues to be the impact of our long-term infrastructure modernization investments, supported by solid regulatory outcomes and established infrastructure trackers. Slide 5 demonstrates the effects of tax reform on our consolidated results. Our net revenues were down about $48 million, primarily due to regulatory revenue reserves as a result of lower tax rates set by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. This decline was offset by a decrease in the consolidated income taxes. Let's turn now to the non-GAAP financial results for our business segment. Our gas distribution operations segment had operating earnings of about $320 million for the quarter compared with operating earnings of about $362 million in the same period of 2017. As slide 6 depicts, operating earnings excluding the impact of the tax reform reserve, which is offset in consolidated income taxes, was a quarter-over-quarter increase of nearly $6 million. Our electric operations segment covered on slide 7 reported operating earnings of about $86 million for the quarter, an increase of about $1 million from the same period of 2017. Once again, excluding the impact of the regulated revenue reserve for tax reform, the electric segment operating earnings increased by approximately $14 million over 2017. This increase was driven by higher revenues from infrastructure investment and lower operating expenses. We're also making significant progress on flattening our operating and maintenance expenses, which has been an area of focus for us. Keeping our service affordable for our customers is a priority. And we've launched an internal effort to make process improvement and find efficiencies to better manage our expenses and enhance customer value. Now, turning to slide 8, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of March 31 was about $9 billion, of which about $7.4 billion was long-term debt. The weighted average maturity in our long-term debt was approximately 18 years, and the weighted average interest rate was approximately 4.8%, which is more than 100 basis points lower than in our 2015 separation. This reduced cost of capital will help provide long-term sustainability to our infrastructure investment programs. At the end of the first quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $800 million, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitizations. And on April 18, we added a very cost effective $600 million term loan that expires within 12 months to ensure ample liquidity through the time period for this equity offering and as we manage through the remaining cash impacts of tax reform. I'd now like to turn to some additional details about our common equity block offering, which is covered on slides 9 and 10. As you may have seen already, this morning, we announced that we entered into an agreement to issue and sell nearly 25 million shares of common stock in a private placement to select institutional and accredited investors for net proceeds of approximately $600 million. This common equity block issuance is designed to completely resolve the cash impact of tax reform and puts us back on track with our previous financing plan to fund our long-term growth investments. With this equity issuance, we currently have no planned additional common equity block issuance in 2018, 2019 or 2020. Other annual equity news through 2020 are expected to remain consistent with our previous financing plan, which includes a range of $200 million to $300 million from an ATM program and $35 million to $60 million from our employee stock purchase and other programs. We expect to supplement these equity issuances with incremental debt, preferred equity or non-convertible subordinated long-term debt that provides equity content with the credit rating agencies. As illustrated on slide 10, the recently completed equity transaction uplifts our credit profile by strengthening our funds from operations debt metric to 13% by the end of 2018 and improving to a 14% to 15% range in 2019 and beyond. This puts us back on the trajectory of strengthening our balance sheet to ensure access to low cost capital going forward. Now, I'll turn the call back to Joe who will discuss a few customer, infrastructure investment, and regulatory highlights.
Donald E. Brown: Thanks, Julien, for the question. So, we think about our earnings and I think what we've tried to consistently say is regulatory outcome is typically the biggest, has the biggest impact on our earnings year to year, and then it's financing, and then it's O&M. And so, when you think about our earnings this year and going forward, it's all of those levers that we're looking at. In terms of what the outcomes and timing of those regulatory outcomes within the mix, certainly O&M has been a focus of ours here this last year, and you can see it in our results even in the first quarter around flat O&M. So, that is a lever that we are managing to make sure that we're meeting our commitments around reliability and safety and service but at the same time, where there is opportunities to manage our expenses to hit our earnings that is also a lever that we will and have pulled in the past. And then obviously, around the financing plan, we thought it was good to get out here early on the equity, certainly thought that there was a little overhang in our stock because of the tax reform and the impact on our cash flows. We had significant interest from investors who were anticipating the need for equity, and so we had some calls from some of our largest investors to issue equity, so we thought it was just really good once we had the clarity around our regulatory programs, the timing of the passback of the tax savings as well as the capabilities of our O&M program and those levers to go out now and get that done for the year.
Donald E. Brown: No. No. That's right. Yeah, we've always said it is – we think that through our programs, we've got the ability to hit the high end of that range, and this does not change that our expectations on our capabilities to hit that high end of the range.
Donald E. Brown: Yeah. No, absolutely. Actually, it was a very favorable outcome in terms of the passback of the excess deferred taxes, that doesn't start until 2020. And so, that was a positive upside for us from a cash flow perspective. I think as you look at the other rate cases that we filed in Pennsylvania and in Massachusetts, in Maryland, and we've gotten orders to pass back those savings upon the rates going effect on those base rate cases. And so, we've had some positive timing around both the rate cases, the NIPSCO settlement as well as the rate cases that we filed.
Donald E. Brown: Yeah. I think, we really look at the non-convertible debt or preferred equity as having some flexibility to make sure we're in the range, do it in a way that provides flexibility versus doing common equity including the ATM program, and so looking at really what's the all-in cost of doing those type of securities versus equity or debt and since you get equity content on those securities, really trying to understand what the value is there. So, that's (00:28:43).
Donald E. Brown: Absolutely. Again, the regulatory outcomes typically are the biggest driver, and that hasn't changed. Our strategy hasn't changed, and those programs haven't changed. And so, we're confident that we can hit the top end of the range.
Donald E. Brown: Again, so, on the ATM program, as you see on that slide, we've done $170 million already. We did a forward contract in Q4 for about $170 million, and so we will execute that this year. We'll look at it and, I think, the reason I like that ATM program is it does provide the flexibility around the financing needs in hitting our metrics. I think it's too early to say if we would use more than the $170 million this year or next year. I think it's just too early, but it gives us that flexibility to make sure that we're above the 13% by the end of this year. And next year, we'll see kind of where we are, but it will be in that range. And again...
Donald E. Brown: And again, part of that comes out of our regulatory outcomes that in terms of the base rate cases, in particular around where cash flows are and the passback of those excess deferred taxes, that will push it to the lower end or the higher end of that range, of the $200 million to $300 million.
Donald E. Brown: No, not at all. I think our range is pretty tight at this point. We don't expect that to change. And if you think about the CapEx and impact on FFO, it has a much smaller impact than our regulatory programs or O&M programs.
Donald E. Brown: Yeah. So, we continue to have NOLs and even with the tax reform act, we will not be cash taxpayer, and our NOL will expire until about 2026.
Donald E. Brown: Yes, so there is actually three steps in that rate case settlement, starting it in October this year at $86.5 million annualized, and then it rises to $107 million by 2020. A big component of that rate case was depreciation. It was about $63 million of depreciation. And so, if you net that $107 million and the $63 million, that's really your earnings or margin pickup. There is no O&M component additional to that. That was really already baked into our historic results and current year plan.
Donald E. Brown: Well, so there's $600 million. We've already done – we did $600 million as of yesterday plus the $170 million, so we're at $770 million ...
Donald E. Brown: ...for the year, but with, we'll look at again through the balance of the year whether we tap more into the ATM program.
Donald E. Brown: It will be in the range – again, we're looking at both long-term debt as well as the non-convertible subordinated debt to see what's the best value for us to help finance the balance of this year, so it would be somewhere in that range. But this equity block as well as the ATM already helped finance a lot of this year.
Donald E. Brown: That's right. I think last quarter, we were pretty explicit that we were anticipating and expecting to maintain these ratings, and we were going to do what was possible, anything possible to maintain these current ratings.
Donald E. Brown: Yeah, from discussions with the agencies, they want us to be in that 14% to 15% range for our current ratings, and that's what we're targeting with our financing plans.
Donald E. Brown: No, I am – we've had regular consistent conversations with the agencies about our plan this year, our financing plan and understanding their expectations for the metrics that they want us to hit. I think that was evident with us staying off the Moody's negative watch list, that they were comfortable with our plan. Shawn had conversations with the agencies last week as well as yesterday to update them on the equity transaction. So, I think we're right on where we want to be and are hitting their expectations.
Shawn Anderson - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, Carrie. This is Shawn Anderson. Great question and I appreciate that. That is a question we've been discussing with Fitch, and we will continue to have that conversation. So, more to come on that hopefully this year. And in terms of use of commercial paper, that $1 billion mark is a pretty good bogey for us on a month-by-month basis. The term loan that we agreed into in April will actually provide a little bit of flexibility for us to toggle between the two. But when you think of those together, that $1 billion mark is pretty close to what you expect us to be at.
Shawn Anderson - NiSource, Inc.: It is not. It has a delayed draw feature. We drew $150 million at close, which we in turn paid down commercial paper, and then have the balance, $450 million, that we have at our discretion over the next 364 days.
Shawn Anderson - NiSource, Inc.: And again, we would think of those almost the same as the commercial paper program itself. The rates are almost identical to what we were getting in the market. In fact, we had some favorability at some point throughout the rise in the interest rate environment.
Shawn Anderson - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning. This is Shawn. So, the private placement that was discussed that commenced yesterday is approximately 25 million shares.
Shawn Anderson - NiSource, Inc.: The $170 million that's cited as part of the at the market program has an aggregate of 6.3 million shares.
Shawn Anderson - NiSource, Inc.: ... where it was to-date. So, that helped pick up some of the difference that you might be accounting for there. And then to Donald's point, at maximum, would be potentially another $130 million. Those obviously haven't been priced and haven't been contemplated. So, that would be where your bogey would be beyond that.
Andrew Stuart Levi: No. No. No. What I was saying, at the end of the year, based on what you're going to do at the money, the $170 million that still has to be drawn, et cetera, et cetera, by the end of 2018, it will be about 50 million additional shares? And then...
Andrew Stuart Levi: Not average shares. I'm not talking about average shares. I'm talking about actual shares. Maybe I'm wrong. If you can just walk us through that, that would be great. I want to get that right. It's important.
Andrew Stuart Levi: Okay. So, it's like $31 million plus the $130 million divided, I don't know, we'll use 24 for a better way, hopefully, it's better price. So, that's $36 million, okay? And then that's all, whether it's at the money, forward that you've already done, the shares that you issued, it's 36 million shares, and that totals how much money? Just...
Andrew Stuart Levi: Perfect. Got it. Okay. I'm slow yet I understand that. I do old math relative to my kids who do new math. Okay. So, that's $900 million. I didn't get a laugh out of you there. I guess, your kids aren't as young as mine. Okay. So, that's $900 million. And then next year, it's incremental $200 million to $300 million every year how much of that 10 million shares or something like that depending on the stock price. Maybe it's less.
