Donald Brown: Thanks Joe and good morning, everyone. As Joe noted earlier, our results for the first half of 2017 were quite strong and we have raised our 2017 non-GAAP net operating earnings guidance range to $1.17 to $1.20 per share. Now turning to Slide 4. We delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $33 million or $0.10 per share in the second quarter compared with about $27 million or $0.08 per share for the same period in 2016. Through the first half of 2017, our net operating earnings are up about $40 million or $0.11 per share compared with the same period in 2016. The biggest driver of our solid financial performance continues to be the impact of our long term infrastructure modernization investments supported by solid regulatory outcome and established infrastructure trackers. I would add that we've built additional momentum during the quarter by successfully refinancing about $1 billion of near term maturity debt with lower rate debt, accelerating interest expense savings over the next several years.  In addition to our refinancing activities, we issued another $1 billion in new debt which we'll use to finance investments in our infrastructure modernization programs. During our first quarter update, we noted that we had filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission an at-the-market or ATM, equity issuance program. During the quarter, we issued about 1.3 million shares, receiving proceeds of nearly $34 million. As outlined at Investor Day, the ATM, combined with debt offerings and our well-established dividend reinvestment program, is intended to provide a balanced financing approach for NiSource's capital investments. And all financing costs, including equity dilution, are included in our 2017 earnings guidance and our growth rate commitments through 2020. Let's turn now to our segment level results. Our Gas Distribution Operations segment delivered operating earnings of about $56 million in the quarter, a decrease of about $18 million compared with the same period in 2016. Net revenues were up about $22 million, driven primarily by new rates from base rate cases and Infrastructure Replacement Programs. This increased revenue was offset by an approximately $40 million increase in operating expenses related to higher employee and administrative costs, increased outside service cost, depletion expenses -- depreciation expenses, property taxes and environmental costs. Our Electric Operations segment reported operating earnings of about $84 million in the quarter, an increase of about $20 million from the second quarter of 2016. Net revenues were up about $42 million, driven by new rates from the base rate case, increased investment in the transmission projects and increased industrial and commercial usage. This increased electric revenue was partially offset by higher operating expenses of approximately $22 million, primarily due to increased generation-related maintenance and vegetation management costs; increased employee administrative costs and higher growth receipts taxes. Before moving on from our results, I'd like to add a little context around the increase in non-tracked O&M expenses. In the gas segment, we've made commitments in recent rate case settlements to make certain investments in safety, reliability and customer service enhancements. In our electric business, we've increased the plant maintenance and vegetation management activities to boost our reliability. We're managing these expenses closely and as we shared at Investor Day, we remain confident that our performance transformation process will lead to a flattening of O&M expenses after 2017. Full details of our second quarter results are available in our earnings release and supplemental financial information posted this morning at nisource.com. Now turning to Slide 5. I'd like to briefly touch on our debit and credit -- debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of June 30 was about $8.2 billion, of which, about $7.3 billion was a long term debt. The weighted average maturity on our long term debt was approximately 16 years and weighted average interest rate was approximately 4.9%. I would note that we've made significant progress to reduce our weighted average interest rate by nearly 100 basis points since separation. This reduced cost of capital will help provide long term sustainability to our infrastructure investment programs. At the end of the second quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $1.3 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility. It's worth mentioning again that our credit ratings at the 3 major agencies are investment grade. Standard & Poor's rates NiSource at BBB+, Moody's at BAA2 and Fitch at BBB, all with stable outlooks. Going forward, our financial foundation is solid and poised for continued growth. Now I'll turn the call back to Joe to discuss a few customer infrastructure investment and regulatory highlights.
Donald Brown: Chris, this is Donald. I'll take that question. From an equity standpoint, we're still on plan with what we talked about and discussed at our Analyst Day of $200 million to $300 million a year. We think that it will be a consistent plan through 2020 of equity from ATM in that amount as well as $50 million to $60 million from the DRIP program. So no changes yet. I think our goal really is to have a stable predictable financing program. And again, all of that is included in our guidance for this year as well as through 2020.
Donald Brown: I'd say when you think about it from -- we've tend to look at each individual state as well as the overall returns. And each of our states, think about last year coming through 4 base rate cases. We're pretty close to our allowed ROE from -- in each of those cases, but we'll continue to monitor returns and determine when is the best time to go back in for base rate cases.
Donald Brown: Yes. Consistently have laid out a plan for 5% to 7% growth in net operating earnings per share and dividend and that's guided predominantly by our policy of 60% to 70% payout on the EPS -- off of the EPS guidance.
Donald Brown: Yes. I mean, think about it this way, the earnings in dividend commitment is 5% to 7%. If we were to outperform that range like we have in the past, we would also set the dividend so it's in the 60% to 70% payout range.
Donald Brown: Yes. Charles, thanks for that question. The key change, if you will or update in the 5-year plan that we put in front of the commission and stakeholders is an increase in the level of investment and acceleration from the plan that we're in right now. So the current plan, this is year 5 of the 5-year plan, runs at a -- little over $1 billion across the 5 years. The proposal we put in front of stakeholders escalates that to about $1.3 billion, but it's the same mix of investments, the same program, the same risk profile that drives the recommended investments.
Donald Brown: I think the way to think about it at this point is really a flat off of 2017 through the rest of the plan. We made, as Joe mentioned earlier, we started our transformation efforts last year in building the program and started making investments this year that really will drive efficiency and higher performance for the company. And expect that after 2017, our expenses really will be more, I'd say, flat versus inflationary at a inflation level.
Donald Brown: Yes. I think if you remember from our first quarter call, we did raise our guidance of -- our initial guidance for the year was $1.12 to $1.18. At the first quarter, we did narrow that guidance to the upper half of that range. And the only change that's really happened in the second quarter is the refinancing of the $1 billion which provides about $0.02 incremental earnings through interest savings. And so we did raise our guidance $1.17 to $1.20 to account for that savings.
Donald Brown: Well, I guess, the way I'd answer is the -- in our initial guidance, the refinancing was not contemplated. So it was not part of our original plan.
Joseph Hamrock: Sure, Paul. Thanks. Both insightful questions. Let me touch on the growth update first. As we laid out at our investment -- Investor Day back in March, we have plans in place and expect to reach a run rate of 1% annual growth in customer additions by 2020. And this year is a pretty significant step for us in building and implementing capabilities to market those opportunities differently, to build the policy arena, to support that and to build the capabilities to execute. And we're ahead of plan through the second quarter in terms of the additions we've seen and feel very confident that our progress toward that ultimate goal of 1% sustained run rate is well on hand and well in sight for us. So I'd say encouragement confidence continues to grow. No significant change in our outlook for how these capabilities will ultimately fill in on the plan for us, but very good results so far. On the O&M side, I would say we're on plan through the second quarter and that's important to note. The mix of factors drive that year-on-year change that you see led by the things Donald touched on earlier in the call, the commitments to safety, reliability and training that we made in the last round of rate cases. And on top of that, transformation initiatives that we've been talking about that have some front-end investment required in customer service, in value-creating initiatives and then ultimately also growing our capabilities to execute at the new higher capital investment levels you're seeing this year. Ultimately, all of that we expect to level off after 2017. So not so much timing issues within the year as it is about the build of capabilities and execution driven by all of those factors so far this year.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. As we've looked at our plan and how much it's driven by the investment programs that are here and the regulatory cadence, probably the most significant driver of any variation would be the mix of regulatory outcomes. We tend to be a portfolio of regulatory initiatives in any given year, so there's a range of potential outcomes that you might anticipate in this year. Last year was a peak on the base rate case cycle. This year is a little bit lower level of activity. That's the key driver. Behind that, you could have a load and O&M savings or O&M profile spending, but those are pretty stable, relative to the regulatory drivers in our plan.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. Thank you, Greg. Thanks for the -- well, the transmission projects are -- are we still live? Well, the transmission projects are expected to be completed next year. Our mix of investments does shift throughout the 2020 planning horizon and I'd note that the CCR settlement that we filed, we ramp into that spending beginning yet this year and then you'd see some of that come on. So that mix is different over time. But generally, all expected to be in that $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion range that we set out on our Investor Day pro forma through 2020.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes, sure. That is a retrofit to the units that we proposed continuing to run for compliance with the CCR rules, the coal ash rules. It's $193 million proposal supported -- that's not to exceed number in the settlement, supported by stakeholders for retrofits at both Schahfer and Michigan City. Fairly tried-and-true technology and high confidence in the efficacy of those investments. And the other small piece of that settlement is some of the front-end engineering and design for the Water Rule, just a few million dollars set up in that settlement to allow us to continue evaluating technologies for compliance with the ELG provisions as well. That would be deferred until a future rate case. But on the CCR side, it follows the federally mandated cost adjustment statute in Indiana which is an 80-20, 80% recovered, 20% deferred, much like our Titus program.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you, Sonya and thanks again to all of you for joining us and your continued interest in and support of NiSource. Knowing it's a busy morning here in the market, turn the day back over to you, make it a great and safe day. Thanks for joining us.
