Robert C. Skaggs: It'll be in that area code. We're sizing the project as we talk with potential counterparties and there's a possibility that it could come in north of that number.
Robert C. Skaggs: It's -- that is not the counterparty that we're working with. We are working with someone that is widely recognized, widely respected. And I believe that you will see that counterparty quite well.
Robert C. Skaggs: Just to maybe begin at the back end of your questions. It would certainly be fee-based. The construction that we anticipate would be supported by a dedication of upwards of 100,000 acres. The investment would be made over a period of time as the production ramps up. The returns -- Steve just gave me a cue here on the returns. You may recall that we've talked between 12% and 15% pretax ROIC sorts of hurdle rates. And again, we would anticipate that this project will be consistent with that return profile.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. I would say that we still see an elevated level of activity throughout that wet window of the Utica. We also see a very competitive landscape in that area. We feel like our competitive edge is the acreage position that we bring to the table in the wet portion, as well as our pipeline right of way position in the area. For contractors, suppliers and the like, it too is competitive, but we've not seen what I would characterize as unreasonable spikes in costs.
Robert C. Skaggs: And Steve, you -- just to round out that answer, you may want to also mention that we do have maturities that get at the end of this year and early next year, so...
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. I would just repeat what I said in the prepared remarks, we're fully engaged in a series of discussions with a large stakeholder group. Those discussions are ongoing. As you can appreciate, I'm not in a position to provide color on those discussions. These are confidential negotiations, it's a process. We appreciate all the stakeholders' involvement, their good faith efforts to reach an agreement. So at this point, all I can talk to is process, it's ongoing. And again, the hope would be that we'd be in a position to file an agreement with the FERC by midyear, and we'd have FERC approval by year's end.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, I'd say the process is ongoing, Carl. We began the exchanges late last year. They've continued on a steady schedule through the first quarter and the process continues.
Robert C. Skaggs: Carl, I just don't know. I wouldn't want to speculate on where the FERC is headed at this point. In the past, they've used trackers on a limited basis. We certainly feel that programs of this size, this sort of commitment justify that sort of treatment, but I can't really speak beyond that, Carl.
Robert C. Skaggs: More of the latter. At this point, it's more the latter. Now would this be a basis for something bigger in that window? It certainly could be an anchor or a key element of something bigger. But at this point, the JV would be more of what you talked, gathering, processing and the like.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, Jay, the concept would be that we will contribute roughly 15,000 acres that are associated with our Brinker Storage Field to the counterparty's acreage position. In total, the JV joint acreage would approximate 100,000 acres, give or take. We would participate in the development, it'd be a passive participation in the development, no cash out of hand, no cash to us. And then the JV would execute against all the downstream construction requirements.
Robert C. Skaggs: That's exactly where the cash requirements would come in. And we're not in a position today to give you a clear sense on what that CapEx might be over time, but clearly it's going to be a function of a drilling program which we think will be aggressive. And clearly, there's expansive acreage involved in this deal and it's right in the heart of the wet window. So we're quite bullish on the opportunity.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. It's blocking and tackling and closing the deal out. I wouldn't characterize anything as a material major issue at this point.
Robert C. Skaggs: Both of us are being deliberate. Obviously, it's a significant marriage, it's a potential model for what we're going to do throughout the Utica. So we're just being deliberate and prudent as we go through the process and so are they.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. Just in the macro, we think the economy is performing relatively well throughout our service territory. We're certainly benefiting from the uptick in auto production, so our auto manufacturers, vehicle manufacturers, supporting industries, steel, everybody is doing reasonably well. If anything, a little bit ahead of the plan. Of course, our plan's always conservative. If you look at the electric industrial volumes, they are down a tad quarter-to-quarter, but they're up about 6% from the fourth quarter of 2011. So overall, they are certainly trending in the right direction. I also mentioned on the NIPSCO Electric side, notably industrial margins are up and that reflects the expiration of special contracts and the new rates. So I feel really good about the fundamentals when we look at NIPSCO Electric, industrial and R&C, and you'll notice the R&C volumes are up and NIPSCO Electric as well. On the gas side, again, it really goes back to the economy, auto manufacturing, low gas prices, albeit low margins. We're certainly encouraged by the throughput.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. I'd just put a little color on O&M across the board has been really well managed by the team. So just fundamentally, we feel good about the cost structure.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, I'll go to the back end of the question. We continued to invest at a robust level in Pennsylvania. And so we've had that program underway now for, gosh, the better part of 4 years and the way we've been dealing with the investment is we've just filed a rate case every 12 to 18 months, and we'll continue to invest in PA going forward. On what they call now Act 11, Commission is working on rules. We're also in the midst of preparing a rate case to utilize the forward-looking test year. And during the latter part of the year, fourth quarter, so we're going to be filing a rate case to reflect the forward-looking test year.
Robert C. Skaggs: No. Again, the Pennsylvania program is pretty well established. It may be elevated a bit more because of this program that all of our states now have robust, well consider accelerated infrastructure replacement programs in place.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, not a material change in the way we're operating the coal fleet [ph] for Sugar Creek, our gas-fired generating plant. I would note or repeat that Sugar Creek's been dispatched way beyond our wildest imagination, and that's going on now for the better part of 2 years. So it's not quite running full time, but it is running on a consistent basis. Just because the way we're configured, and the way our system is set up, we're going to continue to rely a lot on the coal stations. And we really don't see a material change in the way they're operating.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, we've increased the capacity. We've increased the deliveries on Millennium, so that's what you're seeing, great demand and improvements on the system.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. Well, the gas will be physically move from north to south. It'll be a bidirectional leg of our 3-legged Columbia Gulf system.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. It's cycled consistent with tariff requirements. So typically, customers by, gosh, I think it's April 1 need to be down to as low as 25% of their contracted capacity. This year, we provided a bit of relief and we gave them the ability to ratchet down only to 30%. So that's what we've done. No really material impact on our operations or revenues. This is fully contracted fee-based storage. But we did provide the customers a bit of flexibility in light of the much warmer than normal weather conditions.
Robert C. Skaggs: That's correct. And just a little bit of color, for many customers, they weren't taking flowing gas from, gosh, December or early January, they were pulling from storage so they could get down to these ratchets, that we call them, by April 1. So again, they weren't buying any flowing supply, they were just pulling out of storage.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, we consider, first and foremost, a financing -- potential financing vehicle. You alluded to tax leakage and other considerations, such as credit [ph]. Those are key considerations, but we'd certainly have to manage very thoughtfully if we elected to go with an MLP at some point. But we, first and foremost, think of in terms of financing.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, we believe that we could certainly manage a $4 billion program that has customer support, FERC support and well-crafted recovery mechanisms. We think we can support that. I will say that we continue to study and MLP is an option, a tool that we might use in the future. And we continue to look at our ability to generate midstream projects, other pipeline growth projects on a consistent basis, see whether they might be amenable to a drop down and whether they might be better financed with a MLP sort of vehicle. So we continue to look at it, but it's not in active development mode at this point.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, I'm with you now. The vast majority of our acreage position is in that what I would call the far western oily part of the window or the oily window. And at the moment, we're going slow with that and being very deliberate. We're watching test drilling that we understand is underway by Devon and others, and we're going to get a better sense of what that position looks like before we proceed.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, I think we need to see how predictable and sustainable our midstream business grows. So right now, we're trying to gather -- gain a foothold in the Utica. We continue to participate in the Marcellus. But to this point, it's been more sporadic as opposed to sustained. If we're successful in projects like the JV, greenfield projects in the Utica and the Marcellus, then we think an MLP consideration becomes more relevant.
Robert C. Skaggs: Can't put a timeframe, I guess I would go back to team able to generate sustainable flow of projects in the midstream.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yikes. We're going to have to -- we'll have Randy get back to you on that. I just couldn't give you a good answer this morning.
Robert C. Skaggs: Oh, gosh, Jay, I want to say yes. But again, to ensure that there's good, accurate answer, I'm going to have to ask Randy to get back to you.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. On the medical plan, it's pay as you go, if you will. So we just deal with the expense on an annual basis. And like others, we've dealt with our medical plans with our employees and the like. So we feel good about how we're positioned on medical expense going forward.
Robert C. Skaggs: And the question on pension, just on funding, you'll recall last year, we accelerated our pension funding and we now stand at...
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. My view is it's 2015 forward is when you're going to see the real impact. Otherwise, it's going to be, in the big scheme of things, immaterial.
Robert C. Skaggs: I would say initially it's going to be at the lower end and we're actively marketing that line to other producers. And as those producers come online, we could see the returns move north. But it will be over time.
Robert C. Skaggs: Grant, thanks so much. And for all the participants this morning, again, thank you for your interest and your strong support. We appreciate it. Have a great day.
Stephen P. Smith: We're looking to do that in the second half of the year, Paul. So we issued that in September of 2010, so we will tap that before that date.
Stephen P. Smith: Yes, and we're also planning to do a $500 million debt issuance in the latter half of 2012, which we spoke of on our annual call, February 1. So with that, the $500 million long-term debt issuance and the equity forward, we're in good shape.
Stephen P. Smith: Right, we have a $315 million maturity in November and approximately $480 million maturity in February of 2013. So with the $500 million long-term debt issuance in the second half of the year, the equity draw, which we spoke of earlier, by September of 2012 and the residual benefits of bonus depreciation will be in good shape from a financing perspective.
Stephen P. Smith: That's correct. That's the environmental write-up we took in the first quarter which we restated, so...
Stephen P. Smith: Right. That's correct. We always preserve the right to accelerate more contributions, should we elect to, based on what we're seeing in the marketplace.
James L. Dobson: Okay, great. So as you said sort of 30 days, 4 weeks, somewhere in that timeframe, we ought to have an announcement.
James L. Dobson: But I guess, would it be of a nonrecurring nature? Should I assume something more like a modest drag? Is it more reasonable approach sort of quarters going forward as it normally has been or is something...
James L. Dobson: Got you, that's fair. And then on guidance, I mean obviously you put up a very nice, although weather-adjusted, nice first quarter results. How does it make you feel about guidance? I know you reaffirmed, but is there or is there an edge towards the higher end, the midpoint or something in that range as you sort of look out? And again, I fully appreciate it's pretty early in the year.
James L. Dobson: Okay. But -- and I would definitely love to chat with Randy about it, but as you think about them relative to sort of the '09 timeframe, we're probably well inside of those record levels.
