Robert C. Skaggs: Thank you, Randy. Good morning, and thanks for joining us. As we noted in this morning's release, our team delivered another quarter of solid performance. Today, we'll summarize a number of execution highlights and discuss how they position NiSource for continued growth in 2014 and beyond. Then Steve Smith will review our financial results. We'll also provide updates on key initiatives across each of our businesses, and, of course, we'll leave plenty of time for your questions. With that agenda in mind, let's start with some key takeaways from the quarter. You'll see these listed on Slide 3 in the supplemental deck that was posted online this morning. As you saw is in this morning's news release, our NiSource team delivered another strong quarter. Each of our business units steadily advanced our well-established agenda of regulatory and legislative programs, paired with significant infrastructure investments and long-term system enhancements. In particular, at Columbia Pipeline Group, we saw a strong quarter of pipeline and midstream infrastructure project origination and execution. Touching on a few highlights from the quarter. We delivered earnings per share of $0.82 in the first quarter, that's in line with our 2014 guidance of $1.61 to $1.71 per share, non-GAAP. In addition, our 2014 capital program target -- targeted at $2.2 billion remained solidly on track, with our infrastructure investment programs now moving into high gear. On the regulatory front, we placed new rates in effect in Massachusetts, following the decision by the DPU in early March. Our team also filed a new rate case in Pennsylvania as we continued to deliver system modernization investments in the Commonwealth. And as we mentioned in our year-end call, we received FERC approval to begin recovery of our Columbia Gas Transmission modernization investments from 2013. We began recovering on the first $300 million of those investments in February. In parallel, with these foundational regulatory and system modernization programs, we continued to originate new growth in midstream opportunities across our pipeline segment. We've had significant developments on that front, which I'll touch on in a few minutes. With those highlights, let me turn the call over to Steve Smith to take a closer look at our financial results on Page 4 of our supplemental slides.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, it still is the current guidance. As you know, we've aggressively stepped up our capital program over the past couple of years. And as we grow into that program and as we require financing, we still believe that the 5% to 7% growth rate range is appropriate.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, as I suggested, we're growing quite rapidly. We need to grow into our programs. We need to grow into capital spend. We need to deal with our financing as we tend to hit a more stable run rate, if you will, then we think it would be appropriate to take another look at the range. In the meantime, we still believe that's the best guidance we can give the market.
Robert C. Skaggs: Could be. I don't want to suggest that it will be, but certainly it could be. And your recollection on a decision in and around the MLP, that's correct, it would be the third quarter of this year. And I would add that our team is considering an Investor Day in or around that third quarter period. So stay tuned.
Robert C. Skaggs: There's a lot there, Carl. Let me just begin with this. If Rayne, Leach XPress came to fruition, if WB XPress came to fruition and, as you recall, we're working on this West Side project as we speak, the entirety of Columbia Gulf would be rendered bidirectional. Now if additional -- there was additional demand, it was economic for us to construct and expand even more going South, something we would certainly consider, right? The line of sight today is West Side, Rayne, Leach XPress and WB, and rendering Columbia Gulf bidirectional. That's line of sight as we sit here today.
Robert C. Skaggs: And Carl, with regard to Hilcorp, Ohio regulatory activities in and around fracking, first of all, we believe Ohio's response, stable house [ph] response to concerns was constructive, measured, reasonable. And we don't see it materially impacting Hilcorp's drilling program in Ohio. Having said that, Hilcorp is concentrating most of their activity -- current activity in Pennsylvania.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. I'd ask you to bear with us on both Rayne, Leach XPress and WB XPress on capital, shippers, and the like. I would, though, suggest that if you look at the open seasons on Rayne, Leach XPress', on WB XPress', you'll see significant volumes, significant quantities involved in both projects. You'll also see the advertised rates for those projects. And I think as you look at that information and as you think about modeling, you can develop some scenarios that I think would be reasonable in and around CapEx.
Robert C. Skaggs: We really haven't looked at it that way, John. I mean you clearly can do the math on every $100 million of incremental CapEx and put a multiplier on that and impute some growth. But what I would emphasize that this company has grown so quickly and has launched so many initiatives, be it regulatory, legislative, commercial, replacement, whatever. We're still in the mode of digesting and growing into that very aggressive growth rate. And once we reach stability, we're going to be in a much better position to give you a very reliable, take it to the bank, sort of prospective growth rate. So that's the way we think about it, and we do think of it on a long-term basis. In the meantime, we're going to execute against the plan and we're going to deliver the numbers that we say we're going to deliver.
Robert C. Skaggs: Becca, kudos on the fond reports that you all published, I think it was yesterday or last week. really well done. Comprehensive, to say the least.
Robert C. Skaggs: I'll answer the last first. It really doesn't change the fundamental outlook of the business, and frankly, it's a little bit of a non-intuitive outcome of weather that drove the numbers. Many of our large industrial customers have self generating capabilities. Because of the severe weather, because of maintenance requirements, because of whatever, they were unable to generate as much power as they typically do. So they fell back. They relied on NIPSCO to supply that power. So that drove a big part of the number. We also had opportunistic opportunities to sell power off-system during the quarter, again, weather-related. So on a run-rate basis, we don't see either one of those as recurring. Episodically, we'll have those opportunities, but hard to see them through the balance of the year.
Robert C. Skaggs: To your point, a very strong quarter positions us well for the year, but as you also observed, there's 9 months to go and a lot of blocking and tackling left. So at this point, we want to take it one quarter by one quarter, and if we feel like there's a reason to move it up, we will do so. But right now, we're still within the range.
Robert C. Skaggs: Carl, while I have you, one other thing I'd add about WB, and I know there's a lot of interest about both of the XPress' project. Just to be clear on the WB XPress project, while I suggested it takes gas west, which it does, it also is designed to take gas east. So just wanted to make sure you're aware of that.
Robert C. Skaggs: Ian, thanks so much. And to everyone that has participated, we appreciate your interest, your support, and we will remain in touch. Thank you. Have a great day.
Stephen P. Smith: Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. As Bob mentioned, the NiSource team delivered a strong first quarter. We generated annual non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $258 million or $0.82 per share, which compares to about $215 million or $0.69 per share in 2013. On an operating earnings basis, NiSource was up about $80 million when compared to the same period in 2013. On a GAAP comparison, our income from continuing operations was about $266 million for the first quarter of 2014 versus $216 million in 2013. At the segment level, you will see that each of our 3 core business units delivered solid earnings growth during the first quarter. Columbia Pipeline Group, or CPG, delivered operating earnings of about $159 million compared to about $133 million in 2013. CPG's net revenues, excluding the impact of trackers, were up about $20 million, primarily as a result of growth projects placed in service and increased mineral rights royalty revenue. Earnings for the quarter were also up at NIPSCO's electric operations, where earnings came in at about $74 million, compared with about $65 million for 2013. Net revenues, again, excluding the impact of trackers, were up by $18 million, primarily due to an increase in off-system sales, environmental investment cost recovery and higher industrial margins. And finally, our Gas Distribution business unit delivered about $280 million in operating earnings compared to about $233 million for the prior year. Net revenues, excluding trackers, were up about $54 million, primarily due to regulatory and infrastructure replacement efforts. All in all, another solid quarter. Full details are available on our earnings release posted online this morning. Now, turning to Slide 5, I'd like to quickly touch on our financing and liquidity highlights. As you can see, we retained a strong liquidity position with approximately $1.7 billion of net available liquidity at the end of the first quarter. And as Bob mentioned, I am pleased to reiterate that our capital program for 2014 remains on track at about $2.2 billion. As we've indicated in the past, the majority -- actually 77% of our investments remain focused on track and other revenue-generating opportunities. In addition, we are on track to deliver earnings squarely within our 2014 guidance range of $1.61 to $1.71 per share. Looking ahead, our financial strategy continues to be balanced, straightforward and fully aligned with our robust long-term capital investment outlook, and we remain strongly committed to maintaining our investment-grade credit ratings, as well as sustainable earnings and dividend growth. With that, I'll turn the call back to Bob to cover some of our business unit initiatives and execution highlights.
Stephen P. Smith: Carl, this is Steve. I'll take the first question and I'll let Bob answer the Hilcorp question. The mineral rights royalty revenue for the first quarter was $7 million.
Stephen P. Smith: Sure. The $17.5 million is associated with the modernization of leases that were incorporated into the Pennant joint venture. There are about 3,000-or-so leases that were modernized to allow for horizontal drilling today. And once those leases were modernized, we took the income associated with them in the first quarter. If you look out the balance of 2014, there's probably another $3 million or so of that modernized lease revenue that we will be receiving as a result of that activity.
