Robert C. Skaggs: Well, we've mentioned on several occasions, Paul, that we certainly expected a bump, a significant bump from the resolution of the NIPSCO electric rate case that goes into -- it has actually gone into effect. It will hit full run rate about the middle of this year. That establishes the new earnings base. And that from that point, assuming we invest at $1 billion plus, that will set the stage for ongoing growth at 5% a year.
Robert C. Skaggs: That's about 60-40. About 60%, 62% of that is growth, new business tracker driven, and the balance is traditional age and condition. That's a rough cut, Paul. It may cut a little bit more precise but roughly 60-40.
Robert C. Skaggs: Just to make sure we're on same page, we mentioned $4 billion of inventory gas distribution, and that's the bare-steel replacement program, and that's 10 to 15 years. We also mentioned that we're beginning discussions with our stakeholders at Columbia Gas Transmission around a modernization program. We calibrate that to be about $4 billion. If we are able to reach an agreement with our customers or if we prefer the FERC rate case approach, we expect that spend to cover 10, 15 years. We expect the spend in around that program to begin in 2013.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, the NiSource approach is to collaborate with a broad group of stakeholders and strike a settlement, so that's the preferred approach. Obviously, the FERC rate case approach is also out there.
Robert C. Skaggs: And Utica. We still see robust activity. And you've seen the recent producer discussions or announcements that they're going to focus on the wet. We're well positioned for that. Again, we continue to see quite a bit of demand. I think that the announcement we're making this morning is representative of the sort of demand we're seeing. It's in the wet region. It's gathering. It's processing. And as this project reflects, providing interconnections to as many outlets as possible, that's the sort of activity we're seeing. I also add that we mentioned this morning, discussions that we're having in the eastern portion of the Utica with parties that are interested in some of our acreage, but they too are interested not only in the acreage but the downstream investments in facilities to get that gas processed and to market. But that's the nature, that's the color of the sort of discussions and activity that we see in the marketplace.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. As I suggested, it maybe was more implicit than explicit, Jimmy Staton and team have developed, I think, a very, very robust strategy that's going to focus on leveraging our minerals position but also the footprint in and around both the Marcellus and the Utica. And I think you're seeing the beginning of that -- the execution of that strategy, but also suggest that they're looking at aggressively marketing the balance of the Columbia Gas Transmission and Columbia Gulf Facility, and you're going to see announcements evidencing the activity around expansions of those core systems. And then last but not least, we did suggest this. And I've answered Paul Ridzon, we're aggressively pursuing opportunities to modernize Columbia Gas Transmission. So long-winded answer, there’s considerable upside to the spends that we're announcing today.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, I can only speak in generalities and appreciate the sensitive nature of all these discussions. Let me just give you our perspective, though. We have an acreage position. We'd like to exploit that acreage position. But frankly, we're interested in adding additional acreage that could be dedicated to downstream facilities that we would construct and operate. So again, we want to use our foothold to expand and garner additional production that can be supportive of downstream investments. So that's our emphasis. That's our primary focus as opposed to reaping upfront dollars, if you will. On the other side of the table, frankly, they want their gas to get to market. They want to get it as far downstream as they can. They want to ensure that the gas and the liquids will flow every single day, and that's their primary interest.
Robert C. Skaggs: That's correct. Consider 2012 as the base. And again, if we're able to sustain a CapEx program north of $1 billion, the CAGR ought to be 5% plus.
Robert C. Skaggs: Hey, can I interrupt you? I just want to caution you when you look at these numbers, you really need to drill down in the NGT&S operating expenses. I mentioned in the remarks that one of the key drivers comes from the pension contribution -- we made this accelerate pension contribution, and it hits the NGT&S pension expense because they're on a cash basis for rate making. So it's a $30 million-plus hit -- $36 million hit to their O&M.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. So you have that. You also would see an environmental reserve increase or hit that stems from a historic PCB cleanup settlement that we have with our customers and regulators. And that really is a onetime sort of hit because of that settlement and the need to ensure that we optimize that settlement.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, clearly across all of NiSource, we've worked long and hard to deal with a vast array of issues. And we’ve tried to address everything that was on the table and get as much behind us this year, and I include the NIPSCO regulatory situation in that basket. And so what clearly the intent is to just be as clean and efficient and growing as we possibly can in 2012 and beyond.
Robert C. Skaggs: Having said that, I would say Steve and team are opportunistic. So they’re continuing to review the situation. So I would just caution you, as you look through the results, the fundamentals, the revenue and core cost fundamentals are rock solid for 2011, but you do need to look at some of these special items that I've mentioned.
Robert C. Skaggs: We've not changed our philosophy. We continue to look at it very closely. And obviously, if CapEx needs increase, we're going to look at all forms of funding of those needs. So it's still a relevant consideration but one that we're not inclined to go forward at this point. I would also suggest this, that in terms of equity, we believe that we're in good shape for the next several years, noted that we're going to delay the draw to the third quarter of this year on the forward equity. So I would suggest not jumping to any conclusions that we need equity quickly.
Robert C. Skaggs: Carl, let me just add. I do believe that with this contribution and the way we've managed the fund in general that we have the expense level -- we've got a good handle on the expense level, not only for '12 but going forward. As you know, we continue on the rate regulated side of the house. We continue to try to use trackers, deferrals and the like to deal with any problems that might occur.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, you really hit the nail on the head. The uncertainty of the geotechnical viability and attractiveness of the acreage that is in the oily portion of the play, that's where the uncertainty is. And I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're seeing an increase in test drilling in that more oily window. We've read announcements of drilling activity in that window. But to really narrow that range, we need more definition in that portion of the play. And the majority of our acres tend to be in that portion of the play, Carl. So that's why the range relatively speaking is a bit large and will remain a bit large until we see additional information in that oily window.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, very early in the process. As we get towards the middle of the year, I can give you more color. But I will say this: We recognize that the shippers need to see benefits from a program of this nature. So as you might expect, flexibility, reliability, integrity are the key elements of the program that we're asking them to consider. So that's the pitch, but a little bit too early to discuss receptivity. I just think intellectually, operationally, politically, however you may term it, I think there's a lot of appeal to the program. And I'd also add, many of these stakeholders are dealing with these sorts of issues downstream of the city gate. So they certainly understand where we're coming from and recognize the need. Now the challenge is to craft that balanced package that makes sense for them and for ourselves.
Robert C. Skaggs: Before I do that, I just want to be clear. I didn't mean to suggest that we're not interested in upfront payments. That's only one of the many considerations as we consider structuring deals. And so I just want to be clear, upfront payments could be part of the calculus as we structure deals going forward, not necessarily priority one for us, but it's clearly a key consideration. I'm afraid I'm not going to be able to help you on quantifying value per acre. We've seen the big blowout numbers. We've also seen numbers that are lower, and I would suggest it's going to be lease by lease, geographical window by geographical window to get precise numbers. Otherwise, I think it's going to be a swag for the time being. We do though -- having said that, we do believe this is a game changer for us in the industry in a lot of different respects. Number one, as we suggested, our acreage position we believe can be leveraged to add additional acreages for downstream projects. So we believe it's a foothold. We believe it's a foothold that can spawn significant downstream in investment. Again, I can't help you quantify that, but if you look at the potential volumes that we're talking about and the need for processing and takeaway capacity, it's a game changer. It's a game changer for us, for Dominion, for other people that have a significant footprint in the area. I also suggested earlier that downstream on our core system that we believe there are significant opportunities because of this gas supply region developing right in the heart of our system. Again, I can't help you on quantification, but we know that we're going to have -- you take the estimate, 13 BCF a day potentially. When this is built out, maybe even north of that, hitting the systems, hitting our system and others, it's going to have to go somewhere. Certainly implies a significant amount of downstream capacity expansions and reconfiguration. Sorry, I can't be more definitive, but I would suggest you need to look beyond just the dollars per acre sort of calculation to what does it imply for the facility expansions downstream.
Robert C. Skaggs: We believe it can be both. Further you go downstream, the more likely it could be both. The closer to the wellhead, certainly, it's going to be predominantly, if not entirely, producer supported.
Robert C. Skaggs: My sense is that it is in the 2013 and beyond. And what we’ve attempted to suggest is that the number that we announced today, the CapEx number, could go up, but it is going to be dependent on the development of projects, be it midstream projects or what I'm calling downstream projects. And another key variable, if you will, is how do we proceed on the modernization of Columbia Gas Transmission. So those are the key sensitivities that toggle the $1.4 billion that we announced today, toggles it up or toggles it down.
Robert C. Skaggs: Related to the discussions we're having now in the eastern portion of the Utica, I think we're in a window that could be 60 to 90 days. I think it's that quick. We've been at it for a while. And certainly, we'd like to reach closure sooner versus later. Having said that, we don't have a clock ticking. We just want to structure a good deal. And the western portion of the Utica, as I've suggested, it's going to take more time to develop. And we are going to be dependent on what producers and developers do in that region to give you more definition.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. Well, I've suggested midyear for more definition. In certain respects, albeit groundbreaking, these discussions are relatively straightforward. I think folks have a good understanding of what the dimensions of the [indiscernible] might be. And so from that point, again, the issues tend to narrow, not to suggest it's easy or without complication, because it is. We think those discussions can move at a relatively decent pace, and we can have a degree of clarity on whether we have a program or whether we don't by midyear. If we don't, then we have to consider our other FERC options. So again, we're going to move with relative dispatch on this one.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. Around the dividend growth, I mentioned that the predicate to that was really twofold. Number one was we needed to work our way through the NIPSCO electric rate case and resolution of that case. We can check off that box for December. The other key predicate was we needed to grow into a reasonable payout ratio. And with the outlook we've given you this year, we are, in fact, I think, in a reasonable payout window. So literally, what the board is doing, and they kicked off this process last year, they're considering where to head on the dividend. And as you might guess, management has suggested that an appropriate payout policy would be between 60% and 70%. I've mentioned that before. So the board is considering policy. They're considering initial amount in the growth rate for the dividend, and they're considering timing. Not only when we might do it this year, but when we might do it every year after this year. So that's what the board is considering. They're engaged in a process that will be, frankly, a brisk process. This isn’t a 12-month study sort of process. So I would suggest that it's on the docket. It's being actively considered. And you know what management's bias, and I would say the board's bias is, we want to begin growing the dividend ASAP, so stay tuned, second half of this year.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, I would suggest this: the EPS growth rate of 5%. A dividend growth rate might be a bit south of that, but it would certainly be a strong, let's say, robust dividend growth rate. That's where I would expect the board to go. Let me just add, the board and management understands and we believe that a good growing strong dividend is a significant part of our value proposition. So it's front and center. It's on the docket.
Robert C. Skaggs: Central and west. And if you just look at that map, we're in that central and western portion, and it's married with our storage positions.
Robert C. Skaggs: We have one pocket that's in that region, broadly defined region. And then, again, the majority of the acreage is west of that.
Robert C. Skaggs: We believe we can do this without the entire industry necessarily following or doing it in tandem. And just to kind of your lead-in point, Columbia Gas Transmission is very competitive from a rate perspective today. And we believe with modernization, it is very, very, very competitive in that mode as well. We don't see it as a competitive threat. In fact, we would suggest that with improved integrity, reliability and flexibility, the competitive position's enhanced.
Robert C. Skaggs: The rights are in a NiSource company called NiSource Energy Ventures Company. And it's part of, if you will, NiSource Gas Transmission and Storage, or at least, it’s associated with NiSource Gas Transmission and Storage. By the way, bear with my legal, technical discussion of this. I may be off a bit, but directionally, that's how it's structured, and it's not part of the regulated entities.
Robert C. Skaggs: Sure. I appreciate the comments, and I've got to start out with a comment that I make whenever I meet with any investor or debt holder, that our commitment to investment-grade credit ratings is sacrosanct, unquestioned, unconditional. We are absolutely 100% committed to that. We've demonstrated that over the past 7 years that we will do whatever it takes to maintain our investment-grade credit rating. We mentioned also in our comments today that the credit rating agencies recently reviewed our 5-year plan. And as you would expect, they looked at elements such as CapEx. They looked at elements such as dividend growth. And I think if you closely read those reports, they feel very good about the business. I'd also say the credit rating agencies recognized that we're balancing, maintaining this investment-grade credit rating as well as addressing our business opportunities, be it growth, be it requirements to deal with age and condition, reliability and integrity. And I think they've endorsed our project, appropriately balancing all of those key considerations. I'll also mention what credit rating agencies and, for that matter, debt holders have talked to us about, is how your cash metrics look. And I would suggest, I would maintain that over the past 7 years, there has been material improvement in the key cash metrics that the rating agencies have been looking at. So I feel good where we're at on our credit profile. I think it's an appropriate balance of maintaining an investment-grade credit rating while dealing with opportunities and the needs of the business, and we're 100% committed. Last but not least, I recognize that this plan is not a debt paydown plan. This is a plan to, again, take advantage of opportunities, to improve the underlying business and ensure that those cash metrics are strong and improving. And so the goal is we want to be a strong, BBB- credit rating. We think that's the correct fit for us, and that's the objective.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, we'd like to touch it at the wellhead, as it comes out of the wet head. So we want to gather it. When appropriate, we want to process it. We also want to, if possible, touch the liquids. And then certainly, we want to touch the molecules downstream, not only on our core Columbia Gas Transmission system but also at the gas distribution level. So that's the philosophy, just optimize the value chain, touch the molecules and ensure that we're playing in the region. We may also want to take the opportunity to, though, add: We're attempting to deepen the growth inventory across all the business units. So I hope it's not lost on folks that when you look at NIPSCO, for example, it has a strong environmental investment portfolio, but we believe it too has a modernization portfolio, flexibility portfolio and core growth portfolio. So we're looking at those key elements across all the business units.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, we believe that particularly, as you look at the Utica, all these wet plays are going to require processing. We believe we have an opportunity to do it ourselves, or we believe we have the opportunity to partner with others to provide that service.
Robert C. Skaggs: Sure. Oh, yes, absolutely. Anytime we play or touch the molecule, more than likely, we're going to require capital to provide the facilities to do it.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thank you, Carissa. And again, thank you all for your interest. Obviously, we had an extended Q&A discussion today. It demonstrates your interest and, I believe, your support for NiSource. So thank you very much, and we look forward to talking to you the next time. Have a good day.
Faisel Khan: I know you guys touched on this, I think, in the past earnings call. But your operating expense and -- your operations and maintenance expenses at the Gas Transmission and Storage Operation is pretty high versus last year, and it was -- even on a quarterly basis and on a yearly basis too, so...
Faisel Khan: So that the -- in the quarter, in the fourth quarter, you had a $36 million hit from the contribution. You said it was a $250 million contribution to the pension plan.
Faisel Khan: Okay. So these would all be sort of revenue-generating sort of enhancements, obviously, I mean, or would it be -- when you say…
Stephen P. Smith: We're not anticipating any contributions in 2012 as a result of our accelerated contribution we made at the end of the year.
Stephen P. Smith: Yes, we made a total of $400 million of contribution to the pension. The $250 million of that $400 million that we made in the fourth quarter was an accelerated contribution, not incremental. So we accelerated the contributions that we anticipated making in 2012. We accelerated those into the fourth quarter of 2011.
Stephen P. Smith: What I would say is there's a lot of puts and takes around the pension. For example, our asset return in 2011 was flattish. The discount rate associated with the liability was 40 basis points lower than last year, so it went down to 4.6%. So there are headwinds coming at us as a result of the actuarial assumptions in the pension. And there will be a benefit. But in terms of the guidance range of $1.40 to $1.50, there are a lot of puts and takes for 2012. But within the context of the guidance range we've given you, we feel like we've managed any movement there or exposure around the pension assets.
Stephen P. Smith: Well, as we've said -- this is Steve. We've said that the benefits from the legislation that was passed not too long ago, that we would see an excess of $500 million of deferred tax benefit. So that is going to come to us over the next couple of years. We'll also get tax deductibility from the pension contributions made in 2011 as well, so fairly healthy deferred tax benefits over the next several years.
Stephen P. Smith: Yes, all we have planned, Jay, is the $500 million debt offering in the latter half of 2012. And again, we continue to like the longer end of the curve based on what we're seeing.
Stephen P. Smith: Yes, I mean, I would say we've been pretty successful over the last couple of years, putting out some long-term paper, and our weighted average life of our debt portfolio is now approaching 9-plus years. We feel pretty good about that.
Stephen P. Smith: And our weighted average cost of our debt portfolio was around 6%. And we feel like we've made some good progress.
James L. Dobson: Right, right, right, exactly. Okay. That's perfect. And similar on the NGT&S modernization, I think, in response to an earlier question, you sort of said more info later this year. Is that -- and maybe confirm that for me, but then also, is that the outgrowth of your discussion with shippers? It seems like awfully fast timing actually for something that would be potentially this large.
James L. Dobson: No, that's fantastic. And the last one, Bob, you mentioned the dividend. And I think when I went back to the transcript from the third quarter, you might have given some folks some head fakes around dividend which caused people to maybe react a little bit when a couple of days ago, you announced a flat dividend. So maybe if you would, just help folks frame that. I'm not asking for exactly when you're going to do it. But certainly, given a $1.4 billion CapEx, all of this CapEx in front of you, there's a bit of a balancing act you and the board have to go through to say, what are we going to do on the dividend versus what are we going to do. And maybe if you could, think of that in the context of the long-term earnings growth rate you've advertised in that 5% range.
James L. Dobson: Got it. But since you're in that 60% to 70% payout, we ought to be thinking about that 5% long-term growth rate, which although it seems like it's going faster, near term, it's...
