Joe Hamrock: Thank you, Donald. Now let's look at some NiSource utilities highlights for the second quarter and early third quarter of 2020, starting with our Gas Operations on Slide 10. In Pennsylvania, we filed a base rate case in April with the Public Utility Commission, seeking an annual revenue increase of $100.4 million to invest in, modernize and upgrade our existing natural gas distribution system as well as maintain the continued safety of the system. New rates are expected to become effective in February 2021. We also filed a rate case request with the Maryland Public Service Commission in May, the request supports further upgrading and replacement of our pipelines in the state. Our proposal updated in July would result in an annual revenue increase of $6.3 million, including $1.3 million of current tracker revenue if approved as filed. A PSC order is expected in the fourth quarter of 2020, with rates effective in December 2020. In Indiana, our application 6-year extension of our long-term gas infrastructure modernization program was approved by the Utility Regulatory Commission in July. The approved program includes nearly $950 million in capital investments through 2025 to be recovered through semiannual adjustments to the existing gas transmission distribution and storage improvement charge or TDSIC tracker. The gas TDSIC program has been in place since 2014. New rates went into effect in May in Ohio in our infrastructure replacement program following regulatory approval of our annual tracker adjustment. This allowed us to begin recovery of approximately $234 million in safety and infrastructure investments made in 2019. This well-established pipeline replacement program, authorized through 2022, covers replacement of priority mainline pipeline and targeted customer service lines. Also, in Ohio, our annual application for adjustment to our capital expenditure program rider remains pending before the Public Utilities Commission. This rider allows us to recover capital investments and related deferred expenses that are not recovered through the IRP. The adjustment application seeks to begin recovery of approximately $185 million in capital, invested in 2019. A commission order is expected this month with new rates effective in September 2020. Now let's turn to our Electric Operations on Slide 11. Shawn will cover our generation strategy progress in a moment, but I will mention that we continue to execute on our long-term electric infrastructure modernization plan in Indiana. This well-established program includes enhancements to our electric transmission and distribution system designed to further enhance safety and reliability. The program originally approved by the IURC in 2016 includes approximately $1.2 billion in electric infrastructure investments, we expect to make through 2022. And now I'll ask Shawn to talk about our renewable generation projects.
Joe Hamrock: Yes. Charles, it's Joe. I would just add, the blueprint is well established. We've already got approval of the joint venture approach, and it's that blueprint that we're using as a model for the future investments.
Joe Hamrock: And Chris, this is Joe. Just in the spirit of the framing of the question and Donald's response, there's certainly, as Donald said, some temporary changes we made to help in the second quarter here. We'll see in the back half of the year, though, the beginning of the more permanent structural changes in cost. And I would add, this is really an acceleration of some initiatives that we've had underway for some time. We had a number of cost restructuring initiatives underway. As far back as two or three years ago, designed to flatten O&M. And as we step into this transition moment, we're accelerating a number of those initiatives. And we will, as Donald said, have a lot more detail on that in September when we get together.
Joe Hamrock: Thank you, Cree. And thank you all again for participating today, for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. We do look forward to seeing you again in September when we go into more detail on the framing that we laid out today. So have a good day and make it a safe day. Thank you.
Shawn Anderson: Thank you, Joe. We're excited about the opportunity. And as mentioned earlier, NiSource has a significant incremental capital investment opportunity related to our electric generation strategy in Indiana. This strategy is consistent with our 2018 integrated resource plan, which outlines plans to retire nearly 80% of our remaining coal-fire generation by 2023 and retire all of our coal generation by 2028, which will be replaced by lower cost, reliable and cleaner options designed to drive a 90% reduction in our greenhouse gas emissions levels by 2030 compared to the 2005 baseline. Notably, we also expect this strategy to save our electric customers more than $4 billion over 30 years. We've laid out our replacement plan on Slide 13, and which points to a renewable portfolio designed with a combination of NIPSCO ownership, structured through joint ventures and purchase power agreements. Currently, we anticipate half of the capacity in the replacement plan. Targeting ownership in the joint ventures, which includes NIPSCO and tax equity partners as the members. The remaining new capacity is expected to be primarily in the form of PPAs. As part of the transition to cleaner energy and renewable generation, the Midcontinent Independent System Operator, recently approved our plan to retire the R.M. Schahfer Generating Station by 2023. We plan to replace approximately 1,400 megawatts of this retiring coal-fired generation, and we see the incremental capital investment opportunities to replace this capacity with our renewable platform in the range of $1.8 to $2 billion, primarily in 2022 and 2023. As you can see on Slide 14, we currently have 800 megawatts of wind, our Jordan Creek, Rosewater and Indiana Crossroads projects approved by the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission. And 300 megawatts of solar and 30 megawatts of storage PPAs, Brickyard solar and Greensboro solar pending before the IURC. Jordan Creek and Rosewater are under construction expected to be in service by the end of this year. NextEra Energy Resources who developed the Brickyard and Greensboro projects which are expected in service in mid 2023. Of the wind joint venture projects just mentioned, the IURC has already approved the construction for Rosewater and Indiana Crossroads projects, which represents $400 million in capital investments and rate base opportunity for NiSource. In July, we also moved forward with the tax equity financing agreement for the Rosewater project, closing the structure with Wells Fargo. We are working on the next steps for Indiana Crossroads, which is a 300-megawatt joint venture project with EDP Renewables North America, which was approved for construction in February and is expected to go in service by the end of 2021. Commercial negotiations are advancing on additional build transfer agreements, representing a significant amount of additional solar capacity. The construction and regulatory filings related to these build transfer agreements, are expected shortly after commercial agreements are executed. And we expect to have much more to share on our transition to renewable generation at our upcoming Investor Day in September. With that, now I'll turn the call back to Joe.
Shawn Anderson: No, Julien. This is Shawn. We're highly confident in the range provided. We believe it strikes the balance of benefits to customers in the form of that lower energy cost over the 30-year horizon that we pointed to in the 2018 IRP as well as the significant capital investments yielding meaningful returns to our shareholders. We're confident in what that looks like. We're stepping through those commercial arrangements at the moment. We will provide much more detail in September. But we've been able to look at a couple of the structures already in front of the IURC and feel that, that's a good template for us to follow.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Great question. This is Shawn. The customer bill impact, actually, we expect the $4 billion savings over the 30-year horizon. As you imagine, the lower cost of overall O&M for customers. So we actually see that generation strategy driving savings over the long term. On the investment side and in the combined bill, we still expect that low single-digit bill increase when rates do increase on an annualized basis. In terms of the regulatory filing and time lines, you can see on the supplemental Slide number 14, we wouldn't expect this activity really to occur until 2023 and 2024, where we'll step through that. What's critical about that is the retirement as well of Schahfer, which would yield then that O&M savings back to customers almost simultaneously. So they have to work a little bit in concert with one another, but we believe that bill impact to be moderated overall.
Shawn Anderson: Great question. We'll have a number of IRP analyses that will help to inform the real answer to your question. In fact, 2021, we'll be stepping through the public IRP process again in Indiana. So we'll have much better insights as we grow closer to that. But speaking from the 2018 IRP's perspective, it did point to the retirement of the Michigan City generation facility by 2028. That facility, which is about 500 megawatts on MISO would then need to be -- that capacity we would anticipate need to be replaced. As far as the forum, we would step through the IRP process and as Donald referenced earlier, what the commercial costs and the fuel costs would be to then deliver what the solution would be for that capacity.
Donald Brown: Michael, it's Donald. I'll take that question. We'll provide more detail on our Analyst Day about what the financing plan looks like. We will have to finance this in a balanced way. We're looking at, certainly, equity, hybrids, which we've done in the past and converts. So really taking into account all the different options as we deliver this plan that builds on that 10% to 12% rate base growth, and we're going to do that and at the least cost-effective way. But we'll come back in September with that detailed plan on financing.
Donald Brown: Yes. I mean most of the investments are in '22 and '23. And so it's really the timing of those projects that impact the financing. I'd say the other things that we're looking at as we continue to negotiate the generation projects, looking at our cost savings across that plan. And then ultimately, we need to align our regulatory with our financing plans to provide that earnings guidance for -- in September.
Donald Brown: Yes. If you think about the -- we've got a chart in our supplemental slides that shows the timing of investments as well as regulatory outcomes. We're going to make significant investments in '22 and '23. We're aligning what that regulatory timing is and when we get the revenues from those investments. And certainly, those early investments will dilute '22 and '23 before we fully have new revenues to support those investments. And so it picks up, obviously, after we get the full revenues and you'd have the full impact of the earnings in 2024. And so that's the reason that we're looking at a CAGR in terms of both the rate base growth as well as the earnings growth.
Donald Brown: Yes. I mean, the -- when you look at the solar, the wind projects, part of the structure of the 1/3, 2/3 is really built on the type of projects that we're seeing in terms of the RFPs that we got back, and we're starting to -- or we're continuing the negotiations on. And so that's a big driver of how much of that is tax equity. And at the same time, the pricing from the RFP is really determining how much ownership we have versus how much is PPA.
Donald Brown: Yes. Long term, we're targeting that 14% to 15%. Just recently met with the rating agencies and continue to have conversations with them about our investment plan over the next four years, and we're confident in that plan. Again, we'll provide more detail on what that looks like at our Analyst Day.
Donald Brown: Okay. No. So we have filed the rate case. We continue to work with intervenors and the commission. At this point, we're not seeing or expecting any change related to COVID in terms of the timing or the outcome of that rate case.
Donald Brown: Yes. Still, on the gas side, we continue to see rate base growth of about 10% to 12%. That's not changing. Again, we're always targeting to be in the low single digits in terms of total bill impact for our customers.
Donald Brown: Yes. We're not ready to share that yet. Again, as we think about the timing of those investments, the timing of cost savings and then aligning that with the regulatory plan is the work that we're finalizing now, and we'll be prepared to give more detail in our Analyst Day.
Donald Brown: Yes. Our base case really has an impact in 2021, lingering into early 2021. Long term, we'd expect to get that back through customers, either through base rate cases, if it were permanent demand reduction or through the commercial side coming back. So it's really the short term.
Donald Brown: Yes. That's absolutely correct. You would really look at it on a project-by-project basis, what the commercial arrangements would be. You'd look at the overall cost of then what that project would be. And then you'd push that out over a 30-year horizon, so to speak, to find the balance of affordability for customers and delivering reliable service. But you answered it correctly.
Donald Brown: Yes. Actually, it's laid out fairly explicitly in terms of the 2018 IRP. And we're at this point following that plan rather closely. It is still tracking online. So it's been a pretty public process, and it will continue to be in 2021 as we provide those updates.
Donald Brown: Yes. It tracked through that analysis in the 2018 IRP. It's not statutorily mandated but that is the requirement. And it's still an approximation based on the commercial arrangements. But that is the analysis that was pointed to in the '18 IRP.
Donald Brown: That's right. Yes, we're still seeing our base case in the results. Certainly, June came in a little bit better than what we were estimating, but still kind of negative below kind of our original plan this year because of COVID. And we'll continue to watch kind of month-by-month to see how this plays out. But right now, what we provided in June is still consistent with our base case.
Donald Brown: Yes. I'd say this year, there's certainly more temporary items that we can hold back on different programs and different initiatives to offset the impact of COVID. As we look at 2021 and beyond, it's really about having structural permanent cost reduction that will provide savings to customers long-term in the plan.
Donald Brown: Yes, that's right. We'll provide more detail on what that long-term plan looks like. Certainly, VSP is just one step. Longer term, it really is around how do we structure our organization to reduce scale. There's opportunities to invest in digitization, which improves productivity across our operations. And then long term, it's really around how do we continue to drive operational excellence to continue to improve on how we perform our work, and we'll provide more details on that at our Analyst Day.
Donald Brown: Yes. Certainly, the market did perform better in the second quarter and it came back, but nothing significant that drives our overall results this year.
