Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah. Thanks, Greg. And it's a fairly common question, as you noted. I'll ask Donald to touch on the bonus and the relative impact on rate base and how we're navigating through that. But let me take this, sort of, the higher level question about the relationship between our outlook, our guidance and our business plan. We think and firmly believe that one of the strengths of the NiSource story is the long-term visibility, the sustained investment platform we have that we outlined as we noted a couple of years ago with the $30 billion in investment. As we look through the future and the strong support we have across all seven states for those kind of investments, that's a great engine for driving growth, the visibility. And I wanted to be sure that we've put out a fairly long-term look at earnings guidance in that 4% to 6% annual growth range. We remain committed to that. As we've noted before, the relationship between investments and rate base that are tracked, the ongoing support for those investments, is offset in some ways and a couple of ways by regulatory lag, continued O&M growth that gets picked up in rate cases that don't have quite the same effect as the trackers have. A bit of conservatism in our outlook. And then over the long-term, the need to finance that in a balanced way. That story remains the same today. I will ask Donald to touch on the effect of bonus. As we've noted, our guidance remains the same for the year, and our growth guidance remains the same. A little bit of insight about the relationship of bonus depreciation would be helpful.
Joseph J. Hamrock: I'd say it's both. When we're looking at the need for this year and looking at what are our different options, really did want to take advantage of the low interest rate environment and the interest savings that provided, as well as making sure we've got kind of a full toolkit for financing our company going forward. So I'd say it's a little bit of both. And I think, going forward, we'll look at both the bond market, as well as taking advantage of the bank market in term loans.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah. So this year I would expect that we wouldn't have any significant financing needs. This term loan, which we took out. We haven't actually tapped into yet and won't tap into until later this year. But I don't expect anything significant this year. But certainly, we're always looking at our portfolio. We do have some higher cost debt in the portfolio and still looking for opportunities to bring down our overall cost of debt. If the market and the timing makes sense, we would do that as well.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah. Thanks, Charles, and good morning. That's very perceptive. It's entirely consistent. There's not a big shift in the 2016 – Donald's comments related to the near-term years of the plan to offset the NOL issues and to help with the outer years of the plan on an earnings standpoint. But it's all around the $1.4 billion, as we've navigated through the 2016 planning cycle.
Joseph J. Hamrock: We're confident that – yes, I'm sorry. I like your term excitement. But we're confident that we've got a framework vis-à-vis the settlement that we've filed. We are still in the regulatory process. So we still have the remaining steps through the regulatory process that we would expect to resolve early in the third quarter this year, but feel very good about the position we're in and we've remained committed to making those investments. So that's all part of the framework that we've set up.
Joseph J. Hamrock: We don't see any real shift at this point in our outlook relative to bonus. We continue to not see a need for equity in the near term of the plan. And as you would guess with bonus, that didn't change at all. We continue to look at our total plan, including CapEx, dividend policy and the ultimate need for equity. But at this point, not ready to change our outlook on any of those factors.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Well, we remain committed to our plan. As we've watched that play out, we look at our plan and don't really need M&A to drive our opportunities going forward. Very focused on. As we've talked about at length today, the capital investments and the regulatory cadence that we've set up in our plan, and certainly don't see M&A as a part of that strategy. That said, with anything that would be compelling being introduced into the mix, we'd certainly take a look at that.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah, Greg, that's something we keep an eye on but not something that we're actively interested in and involved in at this point, and a good position on capacity in the Midwest. More of our focus these days is in New England and Massachusetts. As you know, we have a position in the Northeast Direct Pipeline project. So a lot of focus there on how to ensure that we have what we need up there. We, though, will continue to keep an eye on the Midwest. And if we see an opportunity, we'll certainly participate.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah, a more – that's a good way to characterize it. Again, if we see an opportunity there that makes sense, we'll certainly take advantage of that.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah, typically there's an open season upfront. We participate in that, express interest. That usually precedes any actual construction. So we'd be ahead of that curve to help underpin the fundamentals for the project itself. But that's not always the case. Sometimes there's opportunistic second pass, third pass opportunities to take advantage of a new project. So it really varies depending on our supply/demand balance, our existing contracts and the growth opportunities in that region. So I don't think there's a precise recipe that applies in all cases.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah, I want to be careful that my general comment there is not characterizing a specific project or specific interest. This is an area we continue to look at. But on that specific project, I'm not providing any specific outlook on our participation at this point.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Thank you, Skyler. And let me, again, express our appreciation for your participation and interest today, and ongoing interest in the NiSource story. Please have a great day. Thank you very much.
