Shawn Anderson: We remain confident in the process and the minority interest sale process itself is on track for 2023, as Lloyd highlighted. Shahriar, just a quick point. We don’t anticipate a requirement for the transaction approval from the IURC, although we plan to engage the IURC as we already have to discuss the transaction and file an informational update with the IURC once we reach an agreement.
Shawn Anderson: Hey, Durgesh. How are you? Good morning. We’ve observed a broad range of qualified buyers, all of which are positioned to help NIPSCO and NiSource realize its strategic goals. We remain confident this is the right audience to help evaluate a partnership with NiSource just as we laid out in November. But we’re also confident this is the process that we’ve launched to a successful outcome this year. So the summary, I think, to your question, Durgesh, is no change.
Shawn Anderson: Well, first and foremost, just to reiterate, there’s no change to the financing plan, which we shared at our Investor Day in November. And to your point, we don’t see the need for any equity in the plan until no earlier than 2025. Obviously, we’ll evaluate the marketplace between now and then and evaluate what opportunities we have to maximize the greatest value for our shareholders, both minimizing the need for equity and/or minimizing the need for any ancillary interest expense that we would otherwise have as drag. And as I’d say, in the context of evaluating things, we’re considering that 14% to 16% FFO-to-debt range and the opportunities we have to create organic cash flow inside our business can also be an augmentation to drive greater FFO. That’s an area of focus for us, which will also help us minimize financing. So the fundamental point, no change to anything that we’ve laid out since November, but we’ll be active in minimizing financing costs across our business and all avenues.
Shawn Anderson: Sure. Sure. Thanks. Hey. Great question. As we experienced, we did experience a drop in heating grid days, which the sector is more broadly realized during the first quarter. And certainly, we watch these weather impacts as we understand how they translate into both bill volatility, up or down for our customers, as well as financing costs in terms of working capital. To your point, weather decoupling mechanisms across our service territories, in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia, Kentucky and Maryland helped provide some level of cash flow stabilization during these weather volatile moments such as fourth quarter 2022, but also, of course, what we just experienced here in this quarter. The highlight of these mechanisms, just to remind folks, I’m sure you all know, but best-in-class mechanism in Ohio. It’s a straight fixed variable rate design in Ohio, our largest LDC, nearly 1.5 million customers. It provides a complete mitigation on the margin impact for NiSource associated with weather and usage. So all of that is a strong visibility item for us around what revenues we can realize across our service territories when weather goes up or goes down. And again, it also provides better bill stabilization for our customers, particularly for a gas business in the first quarter when bills tend to be higher than usual, it helps to mitigate the overall cost to the customer and provide better line of sight with a higher fixed charge like Ohio has.
Lloyd Yates: Well, I’ll say, as a standard course, we don’t comment on, I’ll say, potential for M&A or market rumors. But as I’ve always said, if something shows up, that’s going to create opportunity will create shareholder value. I mean NiSource will be diligent in taking a look at that. You’ve all heard me say in the past, if someone wants to sell a great jurisdiction at one-time rate base gave us a call. But all that being said, what I’ll say to you is, we’re focused on our plan and we’re laser-focused on a minority sale of NIPSCO and our growth plan that we laid, which includes growing rate base 8% to 10% by investing $15 billion through 2027 and that’s really where our current focus is.
Lloyd Yates: One, let me start with, we’re really excited about the ROFR legislation. It got signed by the Governor yesterday in Indiana and we see that as an opportunity for the NIPSCO utility in Indiana, along with the other utilities. But I’ll let Melody, who is President of our Regulated Utilities answer any more detail.
Lloyd Yates: …on page - on slide eight, some of the potential upside to our capital plan that was transmission build. This will solidify our opportunity to build those, but continue to work with MISO to quantify the magnitude of those opportunities. So that’s upcoming in the future.
Lloyd Yates: No. I think our focus hasn’t changed at all. We laid out at Investor Day flat O&M through 2027. We’re continuing to focus on that. We instituted a Project Apollo, assembling a team of people. We have a set of initiatives that we’ve established to drive that cost out of the business and we’re on track to accomplish that. So flat through 2027.
Lloyd Yates: I don’t believe I opened up that can of worms. What I believe I said whether we don’t comment on market rumors or M&A and that we are really focused on executing the plan that we laid out on Investor Day, growing rate base 8% to 10% and invested $15 billion in capital across NiSource. On the other hand, what I did say, if someone wants to sell something to us at one-time rate base, give us a call.
Lloyd Yates: And to add on to what Melody said, I think that the legislative environment in Indiana is also really healthy…
Lloyd Yates: … with respect to utilities, balancing reliability, affordability, clean energy and customer needs. And we like doing business there, we are intimately involved with talking to all of these stakeholders and we think it’s a great place to live and do business.
Lloyd Yates: So the answer to that would be generally no. If you look at the history -- our history in Indiana, the Indiana Commission for the most part has approved the settlements that the parties have submitted and we don’t expect to see anything different.
Lloyd Yates: Appreciate it. Thanks for the questions. Thanks for supporting NiSource. Looking forward to seeing everyone at the AGA Financial Conference. Have a great day.
