Joseph Hamrock: Thanks Julien. It was a matter of policy. We do not comment on M&A rumors or speculation. Our focus in Massachusetts is on delivering safe and reliable natural gas and high-quality service to our over 300,000 customers there. And continuing the restoration and rebuilding that we've talked about here this morning, and those efforts in the Merrimack Valley continue. And our focus remains on that level of service across our entire seven state footprint.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. I mean there's obviously going to be a bit of a tail on the policy agenda there, especially with the taskforce setting up and we'd expect to see continued discourse around the transition of electric generation, not just in our portfolio, but in the state and in the region. As we all know, that's a pretty high profile discussion in many of the states across the Midwest. So we're front and center in that. I think that the thing neutralizes that or makes it kind of more objective and transparent is the very approach that we've taken that being to issue RFPs at every step along the way. So that everyone can see what's available in the market and what the straightforward economics and the alternatives are. And as we noted, we'll continue to use that approach with another round of RFPs this fall. So that that discussion can be informed by objective market data and we'll continue with that policy. And we don't know what we'll see in the next round. So we'll continue to keep an open mind as well as we step through this.
Joseph Hamrock: Absolutely. We're planning and expect to provide guidance both from an earning standpoint as well as a capital standpoint. And at that point, we'll be able to provide some perspectives on how SMS may have shaped our portfolio both from an O&M standpoint as well as a capital standpoint.
Joseph Hamrock: So we have started the conversations with our regulators in Indiana. We have the one project that is a joint venture project. It's new to Indiana and its news across the country. In terms of that type of structure in a regulated business, we think we are progressing on that and expect to get an order in the third quarter around that joint venture investment. From a financing standpoint, look at it up front. There certainly is the opportunity for an equity investor to take most of the investment upfront. How we are looking to structure these transactions though is that on the backend, in some future period, five years, 10 years, we would end up having ownership, most of that ownership of those projects. So I'd say it's a short-term period where we wouldn't have to put in the amount of investment for the full project. But at some point, we would want to have the bulk of that investment within the utility.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. As you might imagine, Michael, we can't speak for the NTSB and their process and their discourse. We've been working very closely with them literally from day one, and remain in that mode of working with aligned objective that to understand everything that led to the incident and how we can work to prevent those incidents in the future. They have said that they expected within a year or so of the incident to have a report, but again we don't have any specific details on that.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. The insurance progress has progressed as you see we brought in $535 million of cash and both the receivable of $670 and so it's going really well, our insurance policy holders are working very constructively with us we've done. I think a very good job of providing them a lot of information to support the claims process. And so I think that has helped move the process along and obviously that has helped us from a financing standpoint and reduce the financing needs really short-term debt here this year. So we still have more to go to get the $800 million and we do continue to expect to get a substantial portion of that $800 million between the end of this year and next year. Having said that – with the – more than half of those proceeds coming through this year, we do expect that we'll be in the market here in the third quarter to help finance the company long-term. So working on that plan, so it won't give out any details yet, but we expect that we'll be in for a long-term financing in the third quarter.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. Insoo, thanks. Insightful question. As you noted and we sort of already answered it, we'll guide 2020 on Q3, whether we have that level of specificity at that point in time remains unclear. As you noted, that mechanism is a TDSIC related mechanism. And so the more likely moment that we would talk about those capital plans would be when we file the next TDSIC filing, which maybe a little bit later than that. We're still working through that planning. All of that said, we do see an opportunity there for enhanced grid modernization investments and some key technology investments that our teams are working through as we go through this planning cycle.
Joseph Hamrock: We like our mix. We always evaluate the performance and potential of not just the mix, but the individual companies and that's what drives our investment and our regulatory cycle and guides such decisions as what we'd like to mix to look like. But we like the position that we're in.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. We've talked about that throughout the year, Shahriar. It's a little early to set up the plans for the rate case or regulatory strategy more generally in Massachusetts. We've remained focused on restoration. We've remained focused on a positioning the company to move forward and the communities to move forward. And the property insurance claim in particular relates to any potential regulatory strategy related to the capital investments in the Merrimack Valley. So there's a number of steps that would need to set up before we're able to talk about specific regulatory strategies. Of said before and would continue to say that that we wouldn't expect that to be any sooner than late this year or early next year before we're in a position to talk about that strategy.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. So on the casualty insurance that the $800 million, and as you noted, we've booked about a $670 million receivable. We are certainly well into that process and conversations with our remaining insurance providers, so very confident in getting substantial portion of that, if not all of that $800 million. The property insurance claim, we just filed a few weeks back. So it's very early in the process to talk about recovery, amount of recovery and timing of recovery. And so they are just now our provider having an opportunity to review the claim. It also note that part of that claim that we're working through that our insurance provider is looking for is to have more information about the assets that were damaged in the Merrimack Valley incident, and that's subject to the NTSB investigation right now. So timing wise, this one is going – was always going to be a little slower. And we've got to work through that process with them. But as I said, through my notes earlier, we'll continue to provide updates quarterly on our overall insurance progress, including the property insurance.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. Insightful question, Charles. And the best place to start would be to look back at the IRP from last year. And that reflected a long-term view based off of the RFP we took last year, which was from memory about a 65, 35, 65 renewables, 35 natural gas from capacity. And keep in mind in the MISO market, we're about three gigawatts out of 102 or so gigawatts. So it's a bigger equation than our own standalone portfolio is another way to think about that with transmission. The strength of the transmission system there. All of that said, the key driver in the way we've set this up is that we can step through time and reevaluate the market and the planning portfolio as we stepped through time. So that 800 is nameplate that is not the credit you get in the capacity market for that. And so it's a relatively small portion of the overall portfolio and it's a way to start the process, kind of fills in for the loss of Bailey, the retirement of Bailey and doesn't really yet start the progression to replace the plants we would retire in 2023 and ultimately in 2028. So it's a pretty dynamic step through time approach to this that will answer that question iteratively as we go.
Joseph Hamrock: And I'm not saying would have to be then I want to be careful about what you're hearing. It's not would have to be, it's the IRP that we ran last year showed about that makes and that accounted our existing Sugar Creek combined cycle station. So I'm talking about the total portfolio, not the replacement portfolio.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks Josh. And thanks to all of you for tuning in today on a bit what I know is a busy day for you. And thanks for your ongoing interest and support. We look forward to continuing engagement with you as we step through the remainder of the year. Make it a good and safe day. Have a good one.
Donald Brown: Yes, thanks. So we've done two preferred equity issuances both last year through did a June issuances $400 million of 5.65%, and then a December 2018 issuance $500 million at 6.5%. So we're looking at structures like that that preferred equity structure allowed us to have about 50% equity credit with the rating agencies. So we do like that. We've also got a structure in place that allows us to call that that note in five years. And so it gives us some flexibility there as we look forward. So that's one of the items that we are looking at potentially going forward. We've seen others in the industry take advantage of hybrids and prefer to in particular. And so it seems like the pricing as well as the understanding from investors says I think become a lot more clear in looks – continue to look like a viable opportunity for us.
Donald Brown: Yes, absolutely. I'd say we continue to get investor support and questions of if we do it, please give them a call. And that's what we're trying to balance and understand as we look forward for our cash flow needs as well as ensuring we hit our credit targets.
Donald Brown: Thanks Steve. I think it's something we're still looking at. It is still early, but certainly the insurance progress that we've made has been positive. And I think it's less likely that we would pull forward, but I think it's a little early for us to commit for this year. But as you said, if we were to do that, it would be a pull forward from 2020, so that on an average basis it's $200 million to $300 million a year.
Donald Brown: So the way I’ll answer it, it's too early to provide any specific perspective, but we've certainly have kicked off SMS in a much more accelerated way this year. We've got a team looking at – I think there is 18 or 19 different work streams looking at our assets and our procedures and our risk management programs. And we're learning a lot about how we can enhance our operations. And so I expect we will have some changes that come through and are delivered through across our seven states. Too early to say whether that changes our overall O&M program and profile, but certainly there will be some enhanced investment in our Gas Operations as we continue to implement SMS across the seven states.
Donald Brown: Yes. Absolutely that figures into our long-term financing needs, the amount and timing of the property insurance claim. But also looking at just our overall plan both capital and our operating plan. And so that's the process that we're in right now to really understand what are the different levers and how things are shaping up for 2020 and beyond. But property insurance figures into that and will impact financing obviously.
