Robert C. Skaggs: Thanks, Randy. And good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. It was good to see many of you at our Investor Day just over a month ago. As you heard, there's a lot of excitement at NiSource. We're executing on a visible and deep long-term investment inventory and driving forward a plan to create 2 premier pure-play energy companies by mid-2015. We'll share execution highlights for each of our businesses in a moment. But first and foremost, let's discuss the most recent quarter, where our team, again, delivered solid performance. In fact, for the quarter, financially and operationally, we posted results that we're squarely on plan. You'll see key takeaways from the quarter on Slide 3 in the supplemental deck that was posted online this morning. And with our continued strong performance, I'm pleased to reaffirm the enhanced earnings outlook we shared last quarter. We continue to expect NiSource to deliver 2014 earnings at the upper half of our non-GAAP earnings guidance range of $1.61 to $1.71. Fueling that performance is NiSource's steady execution on a broad array of stakeholder-focused infrastructure investment opportunities. As noted on this slide, our teams remain solidly on track to complete a record $2.2 billion in capital investments during 2014. And those of you familiar with our Investor Day presentation will recall that we have now identified approximately $45 billion in expected long-term investment opportunities. This inventory translates into approximately $30 billion of investment opportunities in our regulated gas and electric utilities over the next 20-plus years and about $15 billion at Columbia Pipeline Group over the next 10 years. Before handing off to Steve, I would quickly note that we are fully on track with our separation of NiSource into 2 highly focused energy infrastructure companies. Under that plan, NiSource will become a pure-play, fully regulated natural gas and electric utility, and Columbia Pipeline Group will become a pure-play natural gas pipeline, midstream and storage company. I won't rehash all of the separation details, but I do want to highlight a few key points: First, the transaction is expected to be tax-free and value creating. Second, both companies are expected to be investment-grade credits after the separation. And third, we expect to complete the transition in mid-2015. As Randy mentioned, our planned master limited partnership, Columbia Pipeline Partners, filed a form S-1 registration with the SEC on September 29. All details of the planned MLP can be found in that form S-1. Now let me turn the call over to Steve Smith to review our third quarter financial results on Page 4 of the supplemental slides.
Robert C. Skaggs: It could be sizable, Paul. I think you can look at the potential volumes capacity that we're looking at and maybe as a proxy, look at the Rayne Leach or the WB XPress and I think that you would be circling around the so-called bread box.
Robert C. Skaggs: And I would say, again, we're encouraged but as these projects go, we need to get across the finish line. So the team continues to work hard and stay tuned for more details.
Robert C. Skaggs: Just a couple of observations. One, I believe that there is a notable decision on a PJM transmission ROE complaint, so we regard that as being instructive, not dispositive but instructive. And so we are now in process around the complaint that you refer to involving our projects. And so that's going to be a process at the FERC, could be litigated, could be settled. And again, clearly, we got some information from PJM that may or may not be relevant. To your question about the impact on our projects, yes, there could be an impact. I'm not practicing law here, but I believe that when the complaint -- the date of when the complaint filed is relevant and so there could be a reset back to that date and then going forward. I'd also observe this, that if you look at the returns on the project the way we have currently conceived or if you looked at other returns that are out there in the electric transmission world, these projects are very, very valuable. They're accretive. The economics work and so they're very attractive projects we think under virtually any reasonable circumstance.
Robert C. Skaggs: It was midmonth. It was due to be put online under the agreements here at the end of the month versus next month. So again, we were ahead of schedule and on budget for this project.
Robert C. Skaggs: We have to get back to you. I think it's on a ramp and will ramp up over a period of time. But we'll ask Randy to get you a sense of what's actually flowing.
Robert C. Skaggs: No, we're just beginning the process and time elapsed, it's going to take about 3 years, give or take, to get this project from when we contract it to in the ground. So we're just at the beginning or early stages of that process.
Robert C. Skaggs: I didn't really say that. Now there could be some phasing of transportation depending on what part we're talking about and when. So again, we can provide more color down the road when we get a little bit more detail on the project, but there could be opportunities for that.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, thanks, Michelle. And to everyone, thanks again for your participation and interest. We look forward to seeing most, if not all of you, in a couple of weeks at EI [ph]. So again, thanks. Have a good day.
Faisel Khan: Just a couple of questions. In terms of the West Side Expansion, when is that due to actually come online? I know it's fourth quarter but is that sort of reaching mechanical completion? Or...
Faisel Khan: Was that online as of, like, this month? Or was it -- that happened -- I guess I missed that. Was that August, September? Or was that...
Faisel Khan: Okay. That sounds good. On Rayne and Leach, so have you received all the permits required to begin construction on that? I thought that you had...
Faisel Khan: Okay. So there's no phasing of it. It's all -- it will all sort of light up at the same time in the fourth quarter of '17 and so...
