Donald Brown: Thanks Joe, and good morning everyone. Looking at Slide 4, we delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $23 million or $0.07 per share in the third quarter compared with about $19 million or $0.06 per share for the same period in 2016. Through the first nine months of 2017, our non-GAAP net operating earnings are up about $44 million or $0.12 per share compared with the same period in 2016. The biggest driver of our solid financial performance continues to be the impact of our long-term infrastructure modernization investments supported by solid regulatory outcomes and established infrastructure trackers. As we discussed previously, we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and aftermarket or ATM, equity issuance program. During the third quarter we issued about 10.6 million shares receiving proceeds of about $281 million. Consistent with the financing plan outlined at Investor Day, this fulfills our 2017 plan to raise $200 million to $300 million in equity. On the debt financing side, we issued $750 million and 30 year long-term note, at 3.95% in September. This is our second issuance this year at issuing $2 billion and 10 year and 30 year notes in May. The pricing of the notes this year has helped us establish new benchmark pricing for long dated note providing better clarity going for both NiSource and our investors as we expect to be in the market every year to fund our modernization program. I would remind everyone that our debt and equity issuances are intended to provide a balanced financing approach for NiSource's capital investments. In all expected financing cause, including equity dilution are included in our 2017 and 2018 earnings guidance, as well as our growth rate commitments through 2020. Let's turn now to the non-GAAP financial results for our business segments. Our Gas Distribution Operations segment reported an operating loss of about $17 million in the quarter compared with operating earnings of about $5 million for the comparable period in 2016. Net revenues were up about $20 million driven primarily by new rates from base rate cases and infrastructure replacement programs. This increase revenue was more than offset by an approximately $43 million increase in operating expenses which I will touch on later. Our Electric Operations segment reported operating earnings of $129 million in the quarter, an increase of about $24 million from the comparable period of 2016. Net revenues were up about $34 million driven by new rates from base rate case and increased investment in a transmission projects. This increased electric revenue was partially offset by approximately $10 million increase in operating expenses. As I mentioned previously, the plan 2017 increase in non-tracked O&M expenses is largely driven by commitments in recent rate case settlements to make certain investments in safety, liability and customer service enhancements. We're managing these expenses closely and we remain confident that our performance transformation plan will lead to flat O&M expenses following this year. Early success in our performance transformation plan has our IT service provider transitions well underway and work teams charge with identifying and implementing process improvement opportunities. These opportunities will further integrate the NIPSCO and Colombia companies while enhancing value adding activities for our customers. Full details of our third quarter results are available in our earnings release and supplemental financial information posted this morning at nisource.com. Now turning to Slide 5, I would like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of September 30 was about $8.7 billion of which about $7.7 billion was long-term debt. The weighted average maturity on our long-term debt was approximately 18 years and weighted average interest rate was approximately 4.8%, which is more than 100 basis points lower and four years longer than at separation. This reduced cost to capital will help provide long term sustainability to our infrastructure investment programs. At the end of third quarter we maintained net available liquidity of about $1.3 billion consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility. As always, we remain committed to maintaining investment grade credit and our ratings at the three major agencies are investment grade. Standard & Poor's rates NiSource at BBB+; Moody's at Baa2; and Fitch at BBB, all with stable outlook. Going forward, our financial foundation is solid and poised for continued growth. Now I’ll turn the call back to Joe to discuss a few customer, infrastructure investments and regulatory highlights.
Donald Brown: As Joe said, we’re paying attention we’re looking at what's going on and certainly engaging with legislators to promote our plan and our strategy and the impact that may have on our customers. As we look at the potential impacts from the loss of interest deductibility and the 100% expensing of capital certainly has a negative impact on our plan but I think as we think about it, we’ve got a number of levers to help mitigate any risks from that both in our capital plan in the past when we had 100% bonus depreciation. We have accelerated our modernization spend in our infrastructure trackers to help offset that lower rate base impact. O&M certainly is a lever we have. We've already started our transformation efforts and have committed to flat own them after 2017 but that is another lever that we have that we can do items in short-term to help mitigate that and spread off any impact of - negative impact of tax reform. And then finally we are financing, we typically financed long-term mostly 30 year debt and 10 year debt. And so certainly have flexibility to go shorter term to help smooth out any negative impact of tax reform. So we’re paying attention looking closely but certainly as everyone else's really want to understand what the details are of what may come out of tax reform.
Donald Brown: As Joe said, we’re still committed to the $200 million to $300 million annually through an ATM program. We are done this year and we’re able to complete that in the third quarter. Additionally as you stated there is a drip program that’s an additional about $60 million a year that will continue.
Donald Brown: And also Paul, it brings up the third quarter from a gas perspective is our lowest revenue or margin quarter. And so there is little bit of just timing from a weather and sales standpoint there.
Donald Brown: Yes, that’s how I think of it that a lot of our higher performance this year is really on financing, somewhat earlier in the year, favorable settlement in base rate cases. But that is the primary driver for the higher guidance range in 2018. And then after that it really is around and that's why we remain committed to the 5% to 7% growth in earnings and dividends, it’s really driven by our modernization efforts and our rate base growth. We’ll continue to look for opportunities from a financing standpoint. I think we’ve certainly still have debt that matures in the next few years when we refinance the debt in May, we only took out about half of that debt. So we’ll continue to look to see if there's an opportunity to do that in a cost effective way, but primarily when you think about the earnings commitment it’s the real driver is that that modernization program and the rate base growth impact.
Donald Brown: It’s too early to talk about that at this point I would expect that our plan is still $200 million to $300 million in equity. If you think about the program that $200 million to $300 million over time improves our credit metrics is especially our Moody's FFO the debt metrics until there's not likely any one item that changes our equity needs, but certainly each item contributes to our needs over time and we will continue to look at our plan and our needs to see if and when that would change.
Donald Brown: No absolutely and you were really quick to have pointed that out already. We did make a contribution of about $277 million to our pension. We did do it earlier than what was in our plan as we look that our forecast of pension contributions over the next few years looking at the increasing variable PBGC premium, as well as the interest rate forecast the increasing interest rate forecast. We thought we had an opportunity to make a contribution now financed with a lower-cost debt that also de-risk the pension plan. So we went from about 83% funded to about 97% funded assuming we hit our assumed returns on our contributions we don't expect that will need to make contributions going forward. And so it’s favorable to cash flows of about $60 million over the next few years and certainly enhances our credit metrics going forward. So it’s really an opportunistic opportunity to de-risk the plan safe from future contributions and ultimately have lower cost for our customers.
Donald Brown: Yes, that's right Andy this is Donald .So we issued about 10.6 million shares the average price of about $26.67 so and we really had the opportunity where we had a couple investors that came in and wanted the opportunity to take a significant amount of the shares. And so that was we were able to execute on that at a good pricing for them and us and close out the program for the year.
Donald Brown: Well so I don't know exactly what that tax reform package looks like so I can't opine that I can offset all of it what I would say is we've got levers to mitigate the risk, but ultimately we got to find out what that plan looks like and what that impact would be to our plan and then we would make decisions on if we could offset all of it certainly have levers to mitigate some of that negative impact.
Donald Brown: So what I said was our expectation I’m assuming that we only expected returns on our pension investments that we wouldn't make any additional make any additional contributions to our pension. We are about 97% funded at this point until if we hit our expected returns on the asset we have now in place we would not need to make future contributions.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes, we continue reaffirming 5% to 7% year-on-year net operating earnings per share and dividend growth and that's as you know driven by our steady execution of our investment plans. It's predominantly the infrastructure modernization plans and so yes the new 2018 guidance continues that theme.
Joseph Hamrock: So as you may know we await the IURC's final disposition of the last IRP and we look forward to engaging our stakeholders throughout the year ahead in a rigorous look at all of the replacement options for capacity in the future to replace the capacity we intend to retire. We have not yet determined an actual filing date for the next IRP in all likelihood it will be late next year or early 2019 but we continue to look at our options for how to step through those stakeholder engagement sessions.
Joseph Hamrock: So that as we noted is the first base rate increase request in 25 years for NIPSCO for our gas business in Indiana. And so the backdrop there is a 1988 case that had an unusually high I might say depreciation rate led to a framework we settled in 2010 in a case we filed than to rebuild rate base through depreciation credit. So this case reflects kind of a return to normal revenue requirements for the underlying rate base, as well as an update to O&M associated with as in all of our jurisdictions enhance safety in training programs across our gas business. So, pretty standard case other than the adjustment in depreciation in the underlying rate base.
Joseph Hamrock: I'm not sure I go to meaningful change I think it's a pretty standard approach to shifting from what has been a unique depreciation model for the underlying rate base to a standard revenue requirements model.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes, you got it Steve. We recognized the guidance range for 2018 is a bit higher and wider than the 5 to 7 primarily driven on the near term benefits of the refinancing. We executed this year and we've long ago noted that would stick in the plan in the near term here as we pulled forward some of the refinancing opportunities there. So that's the key driver.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes, that’s right. We’re done for this year consistent with our financing strategy that we outlined in ATM of $200 million to $300 million per year. Let me ask Donald to talk just a bit about our financing outlook for the future.
Joseph Hamrock: As you can see the O&M increases year-on-year through the third quarter in the gas segment, after you adjust for the trackers we’re about 100 million. And that reflects all of the commitments we made in the base rate case cycle we went through a year ago enhanced investments and spending and training modernization some of our pipeline safety initiatives as well which set the stage for the flat O&M outlook that we talked about from 2017 forward. So that's really the predominant driver there the steps we've taken in the last cycle to enhance some of our reliability safety and training spending.
Joseph Hamrock: It's really when you look at year-to-date from a spending standpoint we’re a little over 10% year-to-date on our spending and that's all in including our guidance and our plan on an total year standpoint we’ll be a little above that range as well above 10%. So it’s all in our expectations as we've made investments in customer service and customer growth in our transformation efforts this year. And I certainly expect and committed to driving those savings and opportunities after 2017 for flat O&M.
Joseph Hamrock: On the CCR you're correct that's CapEx $193 million in the settlement is reflected on our outlook and has been so it’s consistent with our CapEx of 1.6 to 1.8 through 2020 and its part of that outlook for 2018 as well. On the NIPSCO gas side, a number of moving parts in there, but just sort of big crayon shorthand the best way to think about the answer to your question is about half of the case relates to non-O&M and non-tracked items is the cleanest way to think about that.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes there is - again is consistent with our CapEx guidance till 2020 that request for the next five year period beginning next year is about a $0.25 billion higher than the five year period were coming out. We are authorized up to $1.50 through the period that we're in right now and the request that we put in front of the commissions is for just about $1.3 billion and the settlement we found is on that order of magnitude close to that number.
Joseph Hamrock: No, as I said that’s consistent with our CapEx outlook through 2020 and beyond in that case you can see through past 2020 with that filing.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks Alex. Thank you all again for participating today and for your ongoing interest in support of NiSource. For those of you who might be at EEI next week, we look forward to bumping into you and talking with you there. Have a great day.
