Donald E. Brown: Thanks, Joe, and good morning, everyone. As Joe mentioned earlier, it certainly was a strong start to the year. And we are now guiding to the upper half of our non-GAAP 2017 net operating earnings range of $1.12 to $1.18 per share. Now, turning to slide 4. We delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $231 million or $0.71 per share in the first quarter, compared with about $198 million or $0.62 per share for the same period in 2016. On an operating earnings basis, NiSource reported about $447 million for the quarter, which is an increase of about $48 million over the same period in 2016. On a GAAP basis, our operating income was about $417 million for the quarter versus about $381 million in the first quarter of 2016. Biggest driver of our solid financial performance continues to be the impact of our long-term infrastructure modernization investments. Let's now take a closer look at our segment level results. Our Gas Distribution Operations segment delivered operating earnings of about $364 million in the quarter, an increase of about $34 million compared with the same period in 2016. Excluding the impact of trackers, net revenues were up about $63 million, driven primarily by new rates from base rate cases and infrastructure replacement program. This increased gas revenue was partially offset by an approximately $29 million increase in operating expenses related to increased O&M, depreciation expense, and property taxes. Our Electric Operations segment reported operating earnings of about $84 million in the quarter, an increase of about $12 million from the first quarter of 2016. Once again, excluding the impact of trackers, net revenues were up about $24 million, driven by new rates from the base rate case and increased capital spending on the transmission projects. This increased electric revenue was partially offset by increased operating expenses of approximately $12 million, primarily due to increased O&M, a portion of which is related to items formerly tracked or deferred that were rolled into base rate as a result of the rate case. Full details of our first quarter results are available in our earnings release and supplemental financial information posted this morning at nisource.com. Now, turning to slide 5, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of March 31 was about $7.9 billion, with a weighted average maturity on long-term debt of approximately 13 years and a weighted average interest rate of approximately 5.4%. At the end of the first quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $789 million, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility. It's worth mentioning again that our credit ratings at the three major agencies are investment grade. Standard & Poor's rates NiSource at BBB+; Moody's at Baa2; and Fitch at BBB, all with stable outlook. Going forward, our financial foundation is solid and poised for continued growth. I'd also like to highlight that we filed an ATM equity issuance program with the SEC earlier this morning. This is consistent with the approach we outlined at our Investor Day in March, and is part of our balanced, predictable approach to financing our infrastructure investment programs. Keep in mind that all of our financing costs are included in our updated 2017 earnings guidance and the long-term earnings and dividend annual growth rates of 5% to 7% through 2020. Now, I'll turn the call back to Joe to discuss a few customer, infrastructure investment, and regulatory highlights.
Donald E. Brown: Hi, Paul. This is Donald. I'll take this. What we did outline in March was 5% to 7% annual earnings and dividend growth. So, I would certainly take the midpoint of kind of your expectation for our updated guidance and use the 5% to 7% annual growth off of that.
Donald E. Brown: There is a tracker on our environmental spend in Indiana, and so we're receiving increased revenues as we spend on those programs.
Donald E. Brown: I'd say on both, at environmental spend as well as on our transmission projects, we do earn as we're spending.
Donald E. Brown: No. I think you've said most of it. The key really is, if you think about last year being in five base rate cases, and many of those rate cases having forward test years or some portion of their rates having some forward looks to them, and so our O&M that's in our numbers and consistent with our plan are really embedded in much of our rates this year. Having said that, during our March Analyst Day, we talked about our transformation program that we've really started last year and have kicked off this year. That is not in rates built into our rate program, and so there is some lag to those. But we expect that those dollars that we're spending and investing in that program will ultimately lead to us being able to level off our total O&M spending and have flatter expenses after 2017.
Donald E. Brown: So, I'd say – no, from an ROE standpoint, we are typically earning close to our authorized rates of return which are – we've got them posted in our materials, they range from 9.5% to 10% ROE. So, with our tracker programs and about 70% to 75% of our capital rolling through those tracker programs, we're able to stay pretty close to our overall authorized rates – returns on equity.
Donald E. Brown: Yes, certainly. And this is Donald again. So, the merger of NiSource Finance with NiSource, Inc really is a cleanup of our legal entity structures and will allow us to really just simplify our overall structure. Over the past, as you know, NiSource, Inc has guaranteed all of the debt of NiSource Finance. And so, as we look at just the overall strategy, it just makes sense to bring them together since NiSource, Inc was already on the hook for that debt in the first place. So, we do need to go through the approvals. We've got a couple states that we'll require to go through a regulatory process to get approval to merge these. But assuming we do get that approval, we would then merge NiSource Finance into NiSource, Inc and issue all future debt out of NiSource, Inc.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah. Paul, understanding that we're limited in what we can say about the ATM program and noting that all of the details about the program are in the prospectus supplement, the supplement filed today is consistent with the financing plan we outlined on Investor Day, calling for $200 million to $300 million of ATM equity each year.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah, you should stick to the $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion, keeping in mind, that is accelerated from where we had been for the past couple years. We've been steadily building to that level over the past couple years, and that's our new expected run rate for the planning horizon that we outlined at Investor Day, and feel very comfortable about executing in that range.
Joseph J. Hamrock: There is no update to that. We're pending before the commission, we'd expect an order later this year. I would say that the plan we propose is consistent with the CapEx plan that we laid out on Investor Day as well.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah. Paul, thanks for asking that. We are on track, maybe a little bit ahead of plan, so far, this year in terms of the outlook that we shared on Investor Day, which was steady climb to a net 1% per year growth by 2020. So, we're well in line with that plan, and had favorable conditions in the first quarter as well for construction, which I think helped us to stay on or a bit ahead of track there.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Thank you, Brian. And thanks to all of you for your ongoing interest and your support of NiSource. Again, we appreciate your engagement and the opportunity to talk with you. Have a great day and a safe day. Take care. Bye-bye.
