Bob Skaggs: Thanks, Glen. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. As we noted in this morning’s release for NiSource, 2013 was another year of solid execution, notable achievement and industry leading growth in shareholder value. On our call today we’ll highlight a number of these achievements and discuss how they position NiSource for continued growth in 2014 and beyond. Then Steve Smith will review our financial highlights. We will also provide updates on key initiatives, outline our 2014 earnings and capital investment guidance, and then of course, we will have plenty of time for your questions. With that agenda in mind, let’s get started with some key 2013 takeaways. These are listed on slide three in the supplemental deck that was posted online this morning. As you can see our team continued to execute on NiSource’s well-established strategy, generating long-term growth through disciplined infrastructure investments supported by complementary commercial and regulatory initiatives. Notably, our team delivered earnings in line with our guidance for the seventh consecutive year and we produced total shareholder return of 36%, which outperformed the broader utility indices by a wide margin for the fifth consecutive year. The foundation of this progress continues to be our deep inventory of long-term accretive modernization and growth investments that investment inventory exceeds $30 billion and continues to grow. During 2013, our teams delivered against this inventory by executing on a record $2 billion capital program that includes key system modernization, growth in environmental investments. We saw clear evidence of the value of these investments during this winter's extreme cold weather. Our service territory has been particularly hard hit and our systems have been tested at historical levels. I'm pleased to report that the system and our teams have performed extraordinarily well. The key factor in that success was our ongoing commitment to fundamentally strengthen and modernize our core infrastructure. Unfortunately, despite this strong performance, we had an incident on the Columbia Gulf system in Adair County, Kentucky last week, while we are able to meet our commercial commitments, we are disappointed the incident occurred. We've been working closely with them to determine the cause. In parallel with that review our immediate priority is to address the needs of those affected in the surrounding community. With that, let's turn back to the key takeaways, one of the core pillars of our growth strategy is NiSource’s thoughtful and disciplined financial approach. During 2013, we further strengthen NiSource’s financial foundation and maintained our strong liquidity position, and I am pleased to note that we did so while also providing about a 4% increase our dividend. In addition, just a few weeks ago Moody’s upgraded NiSource’s investment-grade credit rating to Baa2 from Baa3 noting the significant regulatory advancements across our company. We’ll touch on our financing strategies and core commitments again a bit later but suffices to say we are well-positioned to continue delivering strong performance and steady growth in 2014 and beyond. With those highlights, I will now turn the call over to Steve Smith to take a look at our financial results on page four of the supplemental slides.
Bob Skaggs: Assuming we can drive this home, it’s going to be a major, major investment. You can see that we have work on Columbia Gas Transmission that typically requires a relatively large investment. We’ll also be investing on Columbia Gulf and big scheme of things, that’s relatively small, expect the spends to be unfolding in ’16 and ’17, again assuming we can close these deals.
Bob Skaggs: Well, like when we extend it. Paul, a little bit too early to get into those sorts of discussions with our customers and other stakeholders. Clearly we’ve only been at this year. We have been very pleased with the performance of the Columbia Gas Transmission system. We think the investments have shown their value to the customers. So we felt like we need to get one year of construction, hard winter under our belts, and another construction season in the ground. And then, it will be appropriate to begin discussions with the stakeholders. So stay tuned.
Bob Skaggs: Oh, the MLP? Yeah, this discussion will be consistent with our prior discussions. We still consider the MLP vehicle to be very viable for NiSource, it’s a viable approach, a viable option. We can’t continue to closely study it, closely work the consideration among the management team but also the board. Paul, I would add true to our form, it’s going to be a thoughtful, thorough sort of discipline consideration. We continue to indicate to you and others to expect the decision circa third quarter of 2014. And I would just make the observation, not coincidently, that’s about nine to 12 months in advance when we believe we will need equity or an equity alternative in 2015. So in the mean time, as you can tell the team is focused on projects development and our initiatives. So just stay tuned.
Bob Skaggs: Hilcorp would be the primary driver of the initial phases of volume ramp. So they are really driving the project. Now are we looking at opportunities to bring additional volumes onto the Hilcorp or onto the Pennant System? That would be yes. But again I repeat Hilcorp is really the key driver in gathering volumes and the processing volumes. And Hilcorp’s intent, you see reflected in their drilling program. First things first, they want to fill up the 200 million a day processing facility. So that's what they're attempting to do first and foremost and as quickly as they can. And then phases two and three would be additional processing facilities of the Hickory Bend site. So that’s the game plan. And again if we’re successful in bringing additional volumes in our activity to Pennant, then you might see that schedule accelerated.
Bob Skaggs: Yeah, let me talk about the change control agreements. Every year as we expect the boards looking to change control agreements and what we did with those was simply to remove the gross up provision in those change of control agreements to make them contemporary or leading edge with good corporate governance. That was absolutely all that was involved in that. Again it’s an annual process that we do with the board or comp committee. Now rumors, as you would expect, we don't comment on rumors but maybe I can make couple of observations. Number one, we’re an $11 billion equity value company with I think extraordinarily strong standalone plan. So everything we do is kind of measured against what I think is a really, really strong, strong plan that we know we can execute on. And then the second observation is we’re always going to do the right thing for the shareholder. So that’s really all we can say about rumors and speculation and things of that nature.
Bob Skaggs: Well, again these are two companion open seasons activity on Columbia Gas Transmission. So in the market, in the Marcellus and Utica region and Columbia Gulf, our total capacities would be north of a Bcf a day.
Bob Skaggs: As I kind of alluded to Paul, major projects assuming to goes forward, major projects assuming to goes forward.
Bob Skaggs: A little south of that, all the way down to the Gulf, but again we’re looking at expansion opportunities on Columbia Gas Transmission, increase deliveries into Gulf. But then what ultimately moves south on Gulf would be more like $800 million to $900 million a day.
Bob Skaggs: Just again, to give you the parameters and just to underscore, we are in discussions, situation is fluid, a lot of wood to chop to get from here to there what you guys sense that it's bigger than the bread box.
Bob Skaggs: Well, our storage is fully contracted on long-term agreements, so we are absolutely sold out. And I think one thing that's constructive about this winter is how gosh darn valuables storage is of regardless what's going in the Utica and Marcellus and how valuable firm transport capacity is in this region. So, I think that it just underscores we think the value of the Columbia Gas Transmission system.
Bob Skaggs: Hey, just for clarity for everybody that’s listening, in the past, we’ve talked about investment grade credit, how sacrosanct that is and so we’ve been very mindful of credit considerations and anything that might be a negative on our credit. We have also talked about tax leakage because our assets are low basis assets. We have also tried to consistently indicate that we are working, studying, engineering on both fronts and that we have gotten more comfortable with credit considerations in general and we have also been more comfortable in ways to manage structure in and around tax leakage. But that’s as far as we have gone. Again I eluded in my comments to, Paul, we continue to closely study, we continue to closely work and we’ll be thorough in discipline as we work through those issues.
Bob Skaggs: … as you would have to get there and make those determinations. But again hypothetically it would replace the need for common equity.
Bob Skaggs: These were -- I don’t want to speak directly, but we have seen environmental considerations drive certain projects of this nature. Now, obviously, they have a strong business but there are environmental considerations at play.
Bob Skaggs: All right. You have got a lot of stuff going on that front. Wow! Hey. Let me just put it this way. We are still in active discussions. And so the scenarios around a binding open season, goings with the binding agreements, just premature at this point. We are speaking with the folks, potential anchor shippers. We think those discussions are going forward on an expedited basis but it’s still too early to say what the next steps are. I do think an FERC filing, I think you suggested mid-year, I don’t see that being feasible at all. But I do see possibilities that this could move on an expedited basis.
Bob Skaggs: We believe we will see a decision on an outcome midyear of this year. Just a point of reference, we’re holding or the IURC is holding a hearing on the gas filing today as we speak in Indianapolis. Now, I would also make the observation that with yesterday’s order on the electric T disc, we certainly have gotten some instructions, some clarity, some insight, and hopefully that’s going to be helpful as we process the gas case.
Bob Skaggs: I think we just need to complete the process, working closely with the board and with the team and we need to work through the process.
Bob Skaggs: The decision yesterday was the product litigation. The case went through the hearing process, the briefing process, all phases of litigation, and so what the commission did was they acted on a complete record on the program and made the decision.
Bob Skaggs: Well, parties would have the right to appeal and that sort of thing. We feel good about the order, we feel good the way the process unfolded, so we are bullish that we will be executing against the program beginning midyear.
Bob Skaggs: Patrick, thanks so much and thanks to everyone for your participation today, your ongoing support of NiSource. And as we mentioned, we will communicate clearly and frequently. So thank you very much. Have a good day.
Steve Smith: Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. As Bob mentioned, by any measure the NiSource team delivered strong results in 2013. We generated annual non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $494 million or $1.58 per share. That was at the upper end of our guidance range, compares with earnings of about $426 million or $1.46 per share in 2012. On an operating basis, NiSource was up about $77 million when compared to 2012. On a GAAP comparison our income from continuing operations was about $491 million for 2013 versus about $409 million in 2012. At the segment level, you will see that each of our three core business units delivered solid earnings growth. Columbia Pipeline Group or CPG delivered operating earnings of about $441 million, compared to about $398 million in 2012. CPG’s net revenues excluding the impact of trackers, we’re up about $59 million, primarily as a result of 2012 impacts from our system modernization customer settlement. We also saw increased revenues from new growth projects and higher royalties from mineral rights. Earnings were also up for NIPSCO’s electric operations where earnings came in about $265 million, compared with about $238 million for 2012. Net revenues, again excluding the impact of trackers were up by about $38 million, primarily due to an increase in environmental investment cost recovery and higher industrial and commercial margins. And finally, our gas distribution business delivered about $449 million in operating earnings, compared to about $438 million for the prior year. Net revenues, again excluding trackers were up about $77 million, primarily due to regulatory and service programs related to our infrastructure placement efforts. All in all, another solid quarter in year, with full details available in our earning release posted online this morning. Turning to slide five, I’d like to quickly touch on our financing and liquidity highlights. As Bob noted, our liquidity position remained strong at approximately $1.6 billion as of the end of the fourth quarter. We took several steps to strengthen NiSource’s financial foundation during 2013. This included issuing $1.25 billion of 30-year debt at attractive rates and our team also increased the size of revolving credit facility by $500 million to $2 billion and extended its terms until September of 2018. Overall, we ended 2013 with the debt to capitalization of 60%. As Bob mentioned, another significant milestone, Moody’s recently upgraded our credit rating to Baa2 from Baa3. In December, Fitch rating affirmed our credit rating of BBB minus and we anticipate hearing from Standard & Poor in the next few weeks. Looking ahead, our financial strategy continues to be strong, sustainable and fully-aligned with a robust long-term capital investment outlook. With that, I’ll turn the call back to Bob to cover our business unit initiatives and our 2014 guidance.
Steve Smith: Yeah, I would say -- this is Steve, I would say the decrease in revenues for -- net revenues for CPG was around the $5 million for the quarter. And midstream did drive some benefits to us, but again it was in the couple of million dollar range, nothing too significant.
Steve Smith: Yeah, Steve, I think in the macro sense, you are seeing what the entire industry is seeing with Marcellus and Utica that customers are relying less on Gulf region gas and they are relying on gas that’s in “The Northeast” and that’s what you are seeing and you are seeing Marcellus and others look at ways to repurpose, turnaround, go by directional on these long line pipes from the Gulf region to the market region. So we believe our efforts and example would be the West side which renders one of our line bidirectional. It’s a great example of what we are attempting to do to move gas north to south fully utilized Columbia Gulf. What Paul also mentioned the express is open season is really a variant on that as well, moving gas out of the Marcellus, Utica region to liquid points of interaction, west on the Columbia Gas Transmission and then all the way down the Gulf system. So it’s just a reflection of what’s going on in the market.
