Robert C. Skaggs: Thanks, Glen. Good morning, and thanks for joining us. For today's agenda, first and foremost, we'll review another year of strong performance. Our 2012 highlights reflect the continued strength of our strategy, as well as our team's proven ability to execute on that strategy and build shareholder value. We'll also update you on more recent accomplishments and ongoing initiatives. And finally, we'll discuss our 2013 financial outlook and key commitments. We'll also have plenty of time for your questions. Let's start on Slide 3 in the supplemental deck that was posted online this morning. As we noted in this morning's release, 2012 was yet another year of disciplined execution across all facets of our business strategy. As you know, that strategy is anchored by a deep and growing inventory of infrastructure-focused capital investments that generate significant value for our customers, shareholders and other key stakeholders. For the sixth year in a row, our team's execution of that strategy generated earnings growth squarely in line with our guidance, and for the fourth consecutive year, it produced total shareholder returns that outperformed the utility indices.  Specifically, NiSource generated non-GAAP earnings of $1.46 per share, well within our guidance range of $1.40 to $1.50 per share, and strong year-over-year growth of more than 10%. We also generated total shareholder return [Technical Difficulty]
Robert C. Skaggs: It's actually a FERC tracker that relates to the purchase and sale of incidental gas on the system. And I believe that the acronym is OTRA, but it's a tracker that just goes in and out of revenue.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. The gasses -- the gas is wet. We're not going to disclose specifics on flow rates and the like, but it's high gas, about 1,200 BTU. And we've said in the past that it's about 6 GPM, and that continues to be representative of what we're seeing in the test wells.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. I just really can't give you a good sense on price. My crystal ball is not that good. What I can say is the team continues to explore opportunities to optimize Columbia Gulf, and that includes moving gas from north to south. And so you'll continue to see us prospecting along those lines, and the West Side project is a great example of what we're going to continue to try to do.
Robert C. Skaggs: No, purely branding. The marketplace has always considered Columbia Gas pipeline, TICO, Columbia Gulf, and so we're just going to leverage what's a well-established brand in the market.
Robert C. Skaggs: Carl, you broke up at the very end, but let me begin at the first part of your question. The order is absolutely clean. There was some language about providing guidance on how to package settlements, but that was FERC discussion as opposed to point on our transaction or our agreements. So very, very clean, without condition. And then I think you asked about re-upping the settlement after the initial 5-year term. And clearly, that's our intent. We're going to have to execute the program efficiently and work with our customers and other stakeholders closely. But the settlement provides us the opportunity to renew, and that's what we intend to do.
Robert C. Skaggs: For Cameron Access, think of it the way you described it as a lateral of Columbia Gulf System. And we're not at a point to provide book-ins on the amount of investment. We just make the observation that we tend to go for singles and doubles and bite-size projects, and leave it at that.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, I'll just say it's the legislative process, Carl. The Senate passed the Bill 37,13, so a very healthy margin. We do believe that there is good support for the legislation in the direction of infrastructure in Indiana.
Robert C. Skaggs: We had handful of test wells being drilled. We're bringing online 2 production wells, and we're in the process of drilling 2 production wells. And when I say we, Hilcorp is actually doing all of that.
Robert C. Skaggs: No update at this point. We're still bullish and optimistic about phases 2 and 3 of Pennant, but it's just too early to provide any specificity around timing, size and that sort of thing.
Robert C. Skaggs: Also weather. Really warm weather conditions in 2012, so that, too, had an impact. It was not trivial, I would add.
Robert C. Skaggs: Oh, yes. Oh, sure. We're seeing the impact of Marcellus on the Columbia Gulf volumes. And I mentioned earlier, that's why the team continues to look at opportunities to optimize Columbia Gulf and move gas north to south, and the West Side Expansion is a good example and the team pursues other opportunities.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, we're going to have to get back to you with specificity around that. Frankly, I don't track it that much because it's just not a big part of the business. But it could be a variety of factors. And we'll have to ask Randy to provide that detail.
Robert C. Skaggs: It's primarily T and D sort of investment opportunities, as well as natural gas and in particular expansion of gas, natural gas service to rural areas or underserved portions of Indiana.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. Modernization investments and transmission distributions, storage, natural gas, rehabilitation and the like. That's what the tracker is designed to promote those sorts of investments. Legislation also provides for future-looking test year, statutory deadline to deal with rate cases, things like are included in the legislation as it currently is drafted.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, we own those. And by the way, they're not material to the overall investment opportunity, very small program.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thank you. And thanks for everyone participating this morning. Again, we appreciate your interest and your support. Have a good day. Thanks.
