Donald E. Brown: Thanks and good morning, everyone. As Joe mentioned, we delivered second quarter non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $26 million, or $0.08 per share, compared with about $1 million, or $0.00 per share in 2015. On an operating earnings basis, NiSource reported about $134 million for the quarter, which is an increase of about $32 million over the same period in 2015. On a GAAP basis, our income from continuing operations was about $29 million for the quarter versus a loss of about $73 million in the second quarter of 2015. The biggest drivers of our performance continue to be the impact of our long-term regulatory program and infrastructure investments. Our gas distribution operations delivered operating earnings of about $73 million, an increase of more than $17 million, primarily attributable to new base rate at Columbia Gas of Massachusetts and Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania as well as new rates under Columbia Gas of Ohio's infrastructure replacement program. Our electric operations reported operating earnings of about $64 million, an increase of more than $7 million, primarily attributable to increased capital spend on electric transmission projects and environmental investments. While Joe mentioned it earlier, I wanted to reiterate that we now expect to deliver non-GAAP net operating earnings of $1.05 per share to $1.10 per share for the year. Now turning to slide five, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of June 30 was about $7.3 billion, with a weighted average maturity on long-term debt of approximately 14 years and a weighted average interest rate of approximately 5.7%, down from 5.88% at the end of 2015. At the end of the second quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $619 million consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facilities. Now, I'll turn the call back to Joe to discuss a few customer, infrastructure investment, and regulatory highlights.
Donald E. Brown: Yeah. We've had some property tax appeals and true-ups this quarter that's probably a couple of pennies of the adjustments. That certainly stands out this quarter.
Donald E. Brown: Hi. This is Donald. No, at this point, we're still in great shape from balance sheet standpoint in the credit metrics; and as we reported, Fitch did upgrade us this last month or in June to BBB and stable. So, we feel really confident about the balance sheet and don't see any immediate need for equity.
Joseph J. Hamrock: These updates for this year are unique to the momentum we've built through a fairly favorable weather conditions during the first half of the year are not intended to convey an outlook for the future years. We continue to remain committed to 4% to 6% earnings per share growth and dividend growth over the planning horizon. But very confident in our execution, as we have been, and noting the orders that you pointed out, Chris, we've continued to invest even through the regulatory execution of the (17:40) proceeding and the rate case with real commitment to making those investments over the long-term. So, if anything, just confidence in the support that we have for the investments we've long planned.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah. Thank you for that, Chris. As you noted, we're at the very, very early stages of implementation of some of our enhanced growth strategies, recently having begun to implement some of our pilot programs in Indiana and Pennsylvania that represent enhanced focus on growth opportunities and outreach. So not yet seeing any measurable impact of those enhanced strategies; probably more notably, as I said, in a number of the rate case updates, our regulatory strategy has been focused in part on enhancing the ability to attract new customers with programs that support the upfront – relief on the upfront cost for new customers or conversion customers. We've seen support for that across most of the jurisdictions. Year-to-date as we stand here, we're – on a gross basis, so we often talk of attrition on the customer count as well; but on a gross base, we're running about 10% ahead of where we were at this time last year, driven predominantly by – and this varies across our territory, but by strong housing starts in certain parts of the territory, notably in Virginia, we've seen strong surges in construction and opportunities for growth there and then fuel conversion again in Massachusetts where that's been strong. Year-on-year about 10% gross, keeping in mind we have attrition that offsets that. We're just beginning to see a slight uptick in our growth rates. Too early to tell if that's going to carry on through the balance of the year, but I'm optimistic.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah. I won't comment, Paul, on other people's deals or strategies or speculate on M&A. We're very focused on executing our plan, which, as you know, is not based on transaction but on executing – on serving our customers and our deep inventory of – and backlog of investments that we've identified – $30 billion, noting none of that has any premiums on it. So I'm very focused on execution there, continue to monitor the trends in the marketplace, but not in focus for us.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah. I wouldn't think of it as pulling any 2017 spending forward. As you think about – and that's predominantly on the gas side of the business – as you think about the $20 billion of identified investments on the gas side, we generally have flexibility within our regulatory programs to execute on that, as conditions are favorable. I'd noted that we had favorable weather conditions during the first half of this year, meaning the ground wasn't frozen, and we could continue working through the early part of the year. So just continuing to work through that backlog of identified investments, not specifically pulling anything forward from next year into this year.
Joseph J. Hamrock: The best way to think about that, Charles, is the early estimates were very much the high level estimates, and as we came into this year, we updated with our refined detailed estimates on that project, reflected changes in design – very prudent changes in design relative to the type of construction, the tower sizes and the spans on the construction, all very consistent with other designs that we've made in other projects and have seen in the marketplace. So, really not even inflationary; just an update to the design.
Joseph J. Hamrock: At any point in time, Gregg, we look at all the jurisdictions, we try to ensure that our regulatory strategy maintains pace with our investment strategy> that's a mix of base rate cases as well as the tracker programs that are up and running across electric and gas. In general, the earnings profile ebbs and flows around 10% across the NiSource – ROE across the NiSource portfolio, and pretty close to allowed in most cases, so no significant concerns about under-earnings in a specific jurisdiction.
Joseph J. Hamrock: We are not updating previous guidance on outlook beyond 2016. We're updating 2016, again, based on strong momentum this year and an opportunity to work through favorable weather conditions. We continue to have reaffirmed the guidance of 4% to 6% EPS and dividend growth on notionally a $1.4 billion annual CapEx program.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Thank you, Michelle. Again, I appreciate the interest and the support, and for joining us today. Hopefully, you see continued execution and continued momentum of the NiSource story as we reported our results on the second quarter. We look forward to sharing continued updates on our progress in the months ahead. Have a great day.
