Bob Skaggs: Thanks, Randy. Good morning and thank you for joining us. 2014 was a watershed year for NiSource. It was anchored by focused execution of a record infrastructure investment program and the initiation of strategic and transformational growth plans. Those notably included the creation of Columbia Pipeline Partners and the announcement of the Columbia Pipeline Group spinoff. If you will turn to slide 3 in the supplemental deck that was posted online this morning, you will see a few of the year's highlights. The NiSource team delivered yet another year of solid operational performance and industry-leading financial results. In 2014, we generated net operating earnings from continuing operations, non-GAAP of $1.72 per share, exceeding our guidance range of $1.61 to $1.71 per share and up nearly 9% from 2013 and we delivered total returns to our shareholders of 32%, which outperformed the major utility indices for the sixth consecutive year. Our team executed on a record $2.2 billion capital investment program, made significant progress on various regulatory and legislative programs and originated several transformational growth projects at CPG. These initiatives synched closely with our company-wide modernization initiatives, delivered significant value to our customers by facilitating the development of significant shale resources and providing more modern, safe, efficient and environmentally friendly infrastructure. They also benefit our communities through job creation and economic development and our shareholders through sustainable long-term returns. During the year, we also expanded our projected long-term inventory of infrastructure investments which is now targeted at $12 billion to $15 billion at CPG over the next 10 years and $30 billion at NiSource's utilities over 20 plus years. As I noted at the top of the call, 2014 marked the launch of two important strategic initiatives; the separation of CPG and the creation of Columbia Pipeline Partners. On that note, our team was pleased with Columbia Pipeline Partners' $1.2 billion initial public offering in early February. The Partnership's offering was enthusiastically received by investors. Steve will provide a brief update on the partnership as part of this morning's call. We remain on track with the NiSource CPG separation process. A couple of weeks ago, we filed our initial form 10 registration statement with the SEC, have announced key expected board members and the majority of executive team members for both companies. Following the separation, both companies are expected to move forward as independent, investment grade pure play entities with experienced teams focusing on executing and elevating well-established platforms for growth. As we look ahead to NiSource and CPG operating, independent companies, I wanted to briefly highlight their growth expectations. As we first announced in our 2014 investor day, NiSource as a pure play utility expects its average annual long-term earnings and dividend to grow at 4% to 6% over the long term. As a pure play pipeline company with an MLP, CPG is targeting its annual adjusted EBITDA growth in the mid- to upper teens over the next several years. Its annual dividend growth is expected to be commensurate with this robust EBITDA growth. With these very strong growth rates and deep investment inventories, both companies will be positioned in the top tier of their peer groups. As the separation date gets closer, both NiSource and CPG will conduct roadshows to provide additional details on their projected performance profiles. And just to expand on the growth for one moment, we wanted to be absolutely clear on the fundamental baseline commitments of each company. Therefore, we provided earnings and dividend outlooks as well as capital expenditure outlooks. We wanted to be clear on what long-term drivers are for each of the businesses. We wanted to be helpful versus academic. And as you know, 2015 will be a split year for NiSource and CPG with significant developments unfolding during the first half of the year, including the IPO of CPPL, the recapitalization of CPG and NiSource, as well as the separation itself and the ongoing development of Mountaineer XPress and Gulf XPress. Again, we wanted to provide what was helpful, what was most constructive, therefore our key commitments are key fundamental drivers. As we mentioned, roadshows will occur prior to separation to provide additional detail on 2015, 2016 and the long term. Now with that, let me turn the call over to Steve Smith to review our 2014 financial results highlighted on page 4 of our supplemental slides.
Bob Skaggs: Thanks Steve and thank you for participating today and for your ongoing interest and support of NiSource and Columbia Pipeline Partners. With that Nicholas, we're ready to open the call to questions.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, we mentioned we hope to clear all of our contractual outs by July. At the moment, we're still working on agreements with the foundation shippers. One event that we would point you to is open seasons, both Mountaineer XPress and Gulf XPress. If you see those in the coming weeks, or so, that would be a positive sign that the projects continue to be moving forward. I would add those open seasons will be binding open seasons. That would be one guidepost.
Bob Skaggs: Yes. You've hit the nail on the head. It remains positive, constructive. We have been in very, very close contact with our producer shipper customers both on the big work projects as well as the midstream projects.
Bob Skaggs: It's the latter. There is not a material difference in tone. As you know, folks are being prudent with their CapEx for 2015. Having said that, they still remain fully committed to the Marcellus and Utica and they still focus on take away capacity particularly when you get into the 2017, 2018, 2019 timeframe.
Bob Skaggs: I wouldn't go so far as to say obvious choice, but I would say that the focus tends to be on your latter point. That being the economics, the in service date and the like.
Bob Skaggs: Yes. Two key considerations. Number one, as you know we're very sensitive to credit. We're fully committed to investment grade credit. We need to go through the credit rating process in the March timeframe as we prepare for recap. So that starting point quite frankly is somewhat sensitive, somewhat dependent on credit considerations. The other is that the huge CapEx needs we have and so it's balancing credit, CapEx and financing coming out of the gate. Those are the key considerations for starting point.
Bob Skaggs: Correct. As I pointed out in my prepared remarks that we do have the significant events as we come up to separation and that's certainly a huge, huge variable as we look at the financials and the outlook for the business.
Bob Skaggs: That's just a variance from year-to-year. We have a bit more outside services costs in there as well as a result of all the activities we have going on here currently with respect to the separations.
Bob Skaggs: Well, the MLP is the sole source of equity through the period and we will be using it frequently to support that.
Bob Skaggs: It gradually steps up and you may have heard us say in prior calls, prior discussions, as we complete the scrubber program, the modernization program begins to tick up or step up.
Bob Skaggs: Yes. We're in constant communications with our stakeholders, with the state. At this point nothing definitive has really been exchanged or decided. But clearly we're working day to day with all those folks.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, it could be down the road, but I would say over the next few years, still continues to play a modest role in the portfolio.
Bob Skaggs: Thank you and thank you once again for your ongoing interest in NiSource and your ongoing support. We greatly appreciate it. Have a good, safe day. Thanks, everyone.
Steve Smith: Good morning, everyone. As Bob mentioned, we've exceeded our guidance range for the year by generating non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $545 million or $1.72 per share, which compares to about $495 million or $1.58 per share in 2013. On an operating earnings basis, NiSource was up about $125 million. By GAAP comparison, our income to continuing operations was about $530 million for 2014 versus about $490 million for 2013. At the segment level, you will see in today's release that each of our three core business units delivered solid financial results. CPG delivered operating earnings of about $491 million compared to about $441 million in 2013. CPG's net revenues excluding the impact of trackers were up about $80 million. NIPSCO's electric operations delivered about $288 million in operating earnings compared to about $265 million for the prior year. Net revenues excluding trackers were up about $47 million. And finally, our Gas Distribution business unit came in at about $517 million, compared to about $449 million in 2013. Net revenues, again excluding the impact of trackers, were up about $126 million. As our numbers attest, it was another strong year for the NiSource team. Full details of our results are available on our earnings release issued and posted online this morning. Now turning to slide 5, I would like to briefly touch on our financing and liquidity positions. We retained a strong liquidity position with approximately $720 million of net available liquidity at the end of the year. Of our record $2.2 billion capital investment program, approximately 76% of these investments were focused on revenue-generating opportunities. Our debt to capitalization came in at about 62% of the end of the year. And as Bob mentioned, we remain on track with the NiSource CPG separation. In that regard, we have taken several key steps to establish a strong financial foundation for both companies. The first step was to secure two separate credit facilities that will become effective at the separation. We entered into two $1.5 billion five-year credit facilities, one for NiSource and the other for CPG. These facilities will replace NiSource's existing $2 billion agreement. At the same time we entered these agreements, we also entered into a $500 million five-year facility at Columbia Pipeline Partners which went into effect at the time of the IPO. The next major step in this process is the recapitalization, which is on schedule to commence in the second quarter. We will provide additional updates on this process in our first quarter earnings update and through other public announcements. With that, I will turn the call back to Bob to discuss a few execution highlights from each of our business units.
Steve Smith: Not to a large extent. I mean, it does help obviously from a credit perspective, so we're very pleased with the outcome of the IPO. With respect to the recapitalization, it is not going to move the needle too dramatically either way.
Steve Smith: That is correct. Our current debt portfolio has a weighted average life of approximately 13.5 years. We would shoot for something north of 10 years, weighted average life. So probably issue a basket of 5, 10 and 30s to achieve that.
