Donald E. Brown: Thanks, Joe, and good morning, everyone. As Joe mentioned, we are on pace to meet our guidance range of $1.05 to $1.10 per share non-GAAP. For the third quarter, on an operating earnings basis, NiSource reported about $107 million for the quarter, which is a decrease of about $9 million over the same period in 2015. On a GAAP basis, our operating income was about $114 million for the quarter versus about $110 million in the third quarter of 2015. Annually, the biggest driver continues to be the impact of our long-term infrastructure modernization investments. I would note that these investments have a somewhat muted impact each year in the third quarter due to inherent lower seasonal sales on our natural gas business. On a segment level, our Gas Distribution Operations segment delivered operating earnings of about $5 million, a decrease of about $17 million from 2015. This variance was driven primarily by non-track O&M expenses of about $206 million, which is consistent with the quarterly run rate of about $204 million in the last three quarters. This quarter-over-quarter variance of $18 million was largely attributable to employee-related benefit true-ups and post-separation staffing, as well as higher outside service costs driven by gas compliance and maintenance activities. The quarter-over-quarter O&M variance was partially offset by new base rates at Columbia Gas of Massachusetts and Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania, as well as new rates under Columbia Gas of Ohio's infrastructure replacement program. Our Electric Operations segment reported operating earnings of about $105 million, an increase of about $3 million from 2015. Similar to the Gas segment, Electric Operations non-tracked O&M of about $115 million was consistent with the last three quarters' average of about $115 million. However, it was about $14 million higher than in the third quarter of 2015. This quarter-over-quarter variance in O&M was primarily attributable to increased generation-related maintenance activities and employee and administration costs related to benefit true-ups. This variance was offset by higher revenue from increased capital spend on electric transmission projects and environmental investments. As you can see, solid progress for the year with continued growth projected for the fourth quarter as we continue to execute our capital program and regulatory initiative. Now, turning to slide five, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of September 30 was about $7.7 billion with a weighted average maturity on long-term debt of approximately 13 years and a weighted average interest rate of approximately 5.4%, down from 5.88% at the end of 2015. At the end of the third quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $677 million, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility. And as a reminder, currently, Standard & Poor's rates NiSource at BBB+, Moody's at Baa2 and Fitch at BBB, all with stable outlook. Now, I'll turn the call back to Joe to discuss a few customer, infrastructure investment, and regulatory highlights.
Donald E. Brown: Yeah. Thanks, Joe. And that's right, I think, if we look at it on an annual basis, we're about 2% year-over-year growth, which is in line with our expectations, as well as our guidance for 2016. In the quarter, we did have some accrual true-ups on pension as well as healthcare and other employee benefits that were higher than, I'd say, last year's quarter. So, nothing that's out of the ordinary, really just kind of looking at kind of our historical performance, as well as the pension performance. So, we've seen some higher pension expenses this year based upon kind of last year's results of the fund performance.
Donald E. Brown: Yeah, it's right. I think we're in the 2% to 3% range next year. We're still finalizing the plan, but it is consistent with our guidance of $1.12 to $1.18.
Donald E. Brown: No, I mean, we consistently look at what's the right time to – if there's an opportunity to refinance that higher coupon debt. I think the challenge that we see is around the premiums you've got to pay upfront. I tend to look at that type of analysis and compare the returns that I can get from my regulatory investments versus paying those premiums. And for most cases, it does not end up being NPV-positive investments. So, we've got a lot of debt kind of over the next three years or four years, about $500 million a year, that's going to mature anyway. And so, while we'll continue to look at the opportunities to refinance early, I think over time will also just naturally bring the cost of debt down lower.
Donald E. Brown: And I would say that we have hedged a portion of our expected refinancing for 2017 and 2018 to lock in rates and take some of that risk off the table.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Let me ask Donald to shed a little more light on those details, but the higher level point I would stress is that, if you look at year-to-date expenses on a consolidated basis, it's about 2% higher than prior year, year-to-date, expense profiles, although there are certainly some shifts in the expense profile across the businesses and some deliberate timing of certain work programs we've put in place. But I'll ask Donald to share a little more insight into some of those shifts in the spending patterns.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah. Great question, Chris, that's really our initiative driven to ensure faster, readiness and proficiency for our field workforce in an era of changing regulations and changing expectations from our customer base as well. Not so much driven by regulators, but certainly supported by regulators.
Joseph J. Hamrock: It doesn't include specific transmission asset of retirements or projects, but it's certainly based on our outlook for transmission support for the generating portfolio.
Joseph J. Hamrock: We have laid out in this IRP an outlook for the retirement as we noted of some of the current coal units and what I'll call an expected or a default view of replacement capacity in the middle of the next decade, predominantly combined cycle generation, at this point gas generation. We'll continue to look at the ideal portfolio before we commit to those decisions, which we don't expect the need to do for another couple of years at this point, based on the retirement schedules and the capacity profile.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Thanks, John. It's a very insightful question. Not being, certainly, from a legal or regulatory perspective holding us back there, more of a focus of ours today committed to the $30 billion of identified investments on the gas LDC and the transmission assets that we currently operate as well as the electric side. We certainly look at opportunities occasionally, but our focus is much more dominated by the infrastructure modernization opportunities that we see in our current footprint.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Thanks, Vicky, and thank you all for your time and attention today. We look forward to seeing many of you at the EEI Financial Conference next week. And until then, please have a great day. Thank you.
