Donald E. Brown: Thanks, Joe, and good morning, everyone. As always, the biggest driver of our financial performance continues to be the impact of our long-term infrastructure modernization investment, supported by solid regulatory outcome and established infrastructure trackers. On slide 4, you'll see our non-GAAP net operating earnings were approximately $26 million or $0.07 per share in the second quarter compared with approximately $33 million or $0.10 per share in the same period of 2017. Through the first half of 2018, our net operating earnings are approximately $286 million or $0.83 per share, putting us right on track to deliver on our guidance commitment for 2018 which is $1.26 to $1.32 per share. Due to financial statement impacts and the timing of federal tax reform implementation, our year-over-year consolidated results can be difficult to compare. However, I would like to highlight the approximately $20 million decrease in operating and maintenance expenses, driven in part by our overall expense management and decreased generation maintenance activities. I expect this trend to continue through the next two quarters, which will exceed our commitment of flat O&M expenses compared with 2017. Let's turn now to the non-GAAP financial results for our business segments. Looking at slide 6, our Gas Distribution Operations segment had operating earnings of about $36 million for the quarter compared with operating earnings of about $54 million in the same period of 2017. Operating earnings excluding the regulated revenue impact of tax reform were up approximately $6.5 million from a year ago, driven primarily by increased infrastructure investment revenues. Our Electric Operations segment, covered on slide 7, reported operating earnings of about $77 million for the quarter, a decrease of about $8 million for the same period of 2017. However, excluding the regulated revenue impact to tax reform, electric segment operating earnings increased by approximately $5 million compared to 2017. This increase is primarily due to higher infrastructure investment revenues and reduced O&M expenses, partially offset by slightly lower industrial usage. As I highlighted earlier, we're making continued progress on managing our annual operating and maintenance expenses, and we now expect our annual O&M expenses to be down approximately 4% in 2018 versus 2017. This progress is beginning to reflect the transformational efforts that strengthen our continuous improvement culture and will continue to enhance the value we deliver for our customers and the sustainability of our long-term plan. Now, turning to slide 8, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of June 30 was about $8.3 billion, of which about $7.6 billion was long-term debt. And the weighted average maturity on our long-term debt was approximately 18 years and the weighted average interest rate was approximately 4.7%. I would note the long-term debt balance today is $550 million lower than on June 30, due to the completion of the make-whole transaction in mid-July, and this puts our current long-term debt balance at approximately $7 billion. At the end of the second quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $2.2 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitizations. I'd now like to turn to some additional details about our financing position and actions, which is covered on slides 9 and 10. As you know, in May we sold approximately 25 million shares of common stock in a private placement with proceeds of approximately $600 million. And in June, we initiated a long-term debt refinancing which included issuing $400 million of preferred stock and $350 million of five-year notes; the proceeds of which were used to acquire certain outstanding notes totaling $760 million through tender offers and redemptions. And these transactions were completed in mid-July. As Joe mentioned at the start of the call, these steps address the cash and credit impacts of federal tax reform, improve our credit metrics and strengthen our balance sheet. And it put us back on track with our previous financing plan to fund our long-term growth investments. This plan includes annual equity in the range of $200 million to $300 million from an ATM program and $35 million to $60 million from our employee stock purchase and other programs. This year's financing activity and execution of our financing plan going forward is expected to enhance our credit profile by strengthening our funds from operations to debt metric to 13% by the end of 2018, and improving to a 14% to 15% range in 2019 and beyond. Now, I'll turn the call back to Joe, who will discuss a few customer, infrastructure investment and regulatory highlights.
Donald E. Brown: Yeah. So when you look at what we did, refinanced our maturities in 2019, 2020 and 2022 and they had about an average after tax interest rate of about 4.79%. And then when you look at the new securities between the five-year notes and the perpetual preferred stock, the weighted average after tax interest rate was about 4.36%. So there was absolutely some savings, but not to the same extent as last year because of the preferred notes that we issued to get the equity credit.
Donald E. Brown: Absolutely. Absolutely. I think we are certainly starting to see through our customer value efforts, opportunities in our gas and electric operations as well as on the corporate side. But to Joe's point, it's too early to guide too much into the future, but we're certainly seeing opportunities and starting to realize benefits.
Donald E. Brown: Yeah. It's really our earnings. If you think about our program, we're investing $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion a year that drives earnings and cash flows. And so, over time, our FFO to debt metric was going to improve anyway. So we don't need to necessarily do any other significant refinancing in our program. It just really does get us back on track including the $200 million to $300 million of equity through an ATM program.
Donald E. Brown: And then once we get into 2019, you would not see that difference because you'd be back on a period where the tax rates are the same.
Donald E. Brown: Yeah. Nothing has changed. I think it's where we did reaffirm our guidance for the full range. It's too early to narrow that range with the number of moving parts with our regulatory initiatives, both base rate cases and some of our tracker programs, and then almost half a year of our operating programs. But we've got confidence that we can hit the top end of the range and we'll be able to provide more information through at our next earnings call.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah, Paul, sure. So we're in our planning process right now, it's a little early to guide something as specific as O&M outlook beyond 2018. That said, the efforts that are underway that we refer to as customer value, drive performance improvements and affordability improvements for our customers. And we're confident that we're on a trajectory that's flat relative to last year, if not, better than that, and look for an update on that as we gear toward the end of the year here, especially as it relates to 2019 guidance and beyond. Let me ask Donald to refer to the financing question.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah. Good morning, Michael. Really as noted, it helps us to navigate and position for a number of policy issues, including changes in tax rates; we just filed that notice yesterday with the IURC relative to tax reform, also implementation of the long-term generating strategy as will be laid out in the IRP later this year, all part of a strategy to balance affordability, reliability and risks in our generation portfolio. And an important foundation there is dealing with the remaining useful life of our existing coal assets. So it's a myriad of issues, not specifically an under-earning concern as you alluded to.
Joseph J. Hamrock: It's really more of an outlook for the type of capacity. We would, in all likelihood, follow with the CPC and outline, whether it's a self-build or a PPA or some combination of those two. So it's a bit less precise or less prescriptive regarding the form of the capacity in terms of whether it's contracted or owned. But we'll certainly look at all of those options including self-build as we evaluate all of the plans for the 20-year horizon we're planning for.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah, it's a great question and it's probably a bit of all of the above. If you look at the energy cost profile, you're certainly going to want to be where the wind blows more frequently and the sun shines more hours of the year. So that's not always the only driver, RPS mandates can drive that as well. So it's a little hard to answer that with one of those factors being the driver. All of that said, that's why we did the RFP as a part of the IRP process, so that we could get an up-close look at what's available to us both in Indiana and outside in the MISO region. And we just shared a high level review of those results with the stakeholders last week or a week or so ago. So I think we're getting a really robust picture of that that we'll continue to evaluate and update in the upcoming IRP stakeholder meetings.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah, date to be determined. We expect to be in a position to do an Investor Day and an update on our long-range outlook sometime in the first quarter ideally. So that – all of that comes together as well as other factors in our planning process that will give us much greater visibility and clarity after the IRP and the planning process that we're in, and work with our board that we do in January. So, sometime in the first quarter is what we expect.
Joseph J. Hamrock: No. No. As I said earlier, the rate case is really more of a policy matter to set the foundation. One of the key areas on the generation side is the remaining useful life. That doesn't have to be resolved per se for us to provide that guidance. That'd be a nice thing to have, but it's not what we would expect.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Thank you, Victor, and thanks again to everybody for participating today and for your continued interest in and support of NiSource. Have a great day. We look forward to talking to you soon. Take care.
