Donald Brown: Thanks Joe, and good morning, everyone. Looking at our first quarter results on Slide 4. We had non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $291 million or $0.76 per share compared to net operating earnings of about $308 million or $0.82 per share in 2019. The year-over-year decline was driven primarily by increased safety O&M costs and reduced industrial demand in the electric business offset somewhat by increased revenue from base rate proceedings, our Infrastructure Replacement Programs and the effects of gas segment customer growth. As a reminder, most of the first quarter played out prior to the pandemic related shutdowns and stay-at-home orders in our states, so these results really do not reflect any meaningful COVID impact. Now turning to Slide 5, I like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of March 31st was about $9.9 billion, of which about $7.7 billion was long-term debt. The weighted average maturity on our long-term debt was approximately 17 years and the weighted average interest rate was approximately 4.4%. At the end of the first quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $1.3 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitization programs. Our credit ratings from all three major rating agencies are investment grade and we're committed to maintaining our current investment grade ratings. I'd now like to turn to Slide 6, which covers our financing plan for a long-term growth investments. As we mentioned on our fourth quarter call, as a result of the CMA asset sale transaction, we no longer expect to pursue our previously planned 2020 block equity issuance. In April, we refinanced our $850 million term loan and issued $1 billion of 10-year notes at a 3.6% coupon. We expect these transactions will provide us the necessary liquidity to manage through the impacts of the pandemic. Our current plan, which is focused on providing funding for our ongoing safety and infrastructure investment programs continues to include annual equity in the range of $200 million to $300 million from our At-The-Market or ATM equity issuance program as well as $35 million to $60 million from our employee stock purchase and other programs. To-date, the pandemic has not presented significant barriers for our safety and infrastructure modernization programs. As Joe mentioned earlier, we have, as a cash conservation measure, scaled back our capital investment plan by a $100 million and now expect to invest $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion in 2020. A warmer than normal January and February provided us some flexibility in our capital execution this year, but we're monitoring the COVID-19 situation closely and will stand ready to make further adjustments as necessary. We're also active on the state regulatory front as we seek relief related to incremental COVID pandemic expenses, including bad debt. In April, we received orders from state commissions in Maryland and Virginia giving us the authority to defer incremental COVID-related expenses for recovery at a later date. And we're currently working with our regulators in other states to address COVID-related financial impacts. Ultimately, the length and severity of the COVID pandemic will determine how significant the impact on our financial performance will be, but we haven't seen anything yet that would negatively impact our long-term growth drivers. We continued to expect that following closing of the Massachusetts transaction later this year, we will initiate 2021 net operating earnings per share guidance and establish a 5% to 7% long-term growth rate for both net operating earnings per share and dividends with 2021 as the base year. This new long-term growth rate is also expected to be extended beyond 2022 to include incremental investments related to our electric generation strategy. Now, I'll turn the call back to Joe for a few infrastructure investment and regulatory highlights.
Donald Brown: Yes, no, that's right. We continued to work on the separation plan with Eversource and for our own purposes and understanding what the dissynergies are and what are those mitigation steps to help offset some of the impact of the loss earnings from Massachusetts. Certainly COVID provide some incremental pressure as we think about operating expenses as well as cash flows and so we're working through that. At this point, not having any specifics on what the revenue impacts will be, it's - I'd say it's difficult to give any specific direction, but as we do our scenario analysis and look at potential impacts to our customers, we are taking into - we are taking that information into our analysis as we look at our own operating expenses and capital programs.
Donald Brown: Yes, I'd say that because we've got a team that's focused on looking at the core operations and how we can change structure even looking at some of the temporary levers that we may be able to execute goes hand-in-hand with that work.
Donald Brown: I would say that it's too early to provide that guidance for 2021, not knowing what the impact of COVID will be on the business.
Donald Brown: Yes, we're actually closing the books this week and so I don't have any specifics I can give you just yet. We'll have that, I'd say, over the next week and as we get more information and can provide that to investors, we will do so. Yeah, the one thing that...
Donald Brown: That we are thinking about though, and I've said it on the - our investor fireside chat a couple of weeks ago, this part of the year is a shoulder season and so it's a lower supply and demand season. And so it's also little bit hard to translate what we'd see from an April standpoint into a long-term impact on the business as well as just understanding what businesses our customers are doing temporarily versus what they do long-term.
Donald Brown: Yes, I think it's - that guidance in terms of long term growth and the 2021 base that we've talked about likely be in the third quarter, so that we can talk about, here is what we're seeing for 2021, here's what the investment plan looks like over the next horizon. And again, we expect to extend that beyond 2022 to take into account the generation investments.
Donald Brown: I'd look at it as - it's a reduction this year, but obviously, it's work that we need to do. We will have to find - determine when we would make those investments in the future. We haven't looked that far out to say what - how that might impact 2021 or 2022, but ultimately, it's long-term investments that we're making in the business.
Donald Brown: That's right, that's right. We are looking at tax equity partners to be able to take advantage of the tax credits related to those renewable investments and support the utility being able to re-base those investments.
Donald Brown: Yes. The way it's structured that over time it's a build-own-transfer arrangement. So over time, there would be steps where we would pick up more of the overall joint ventures.
Donald Brown: Yes, we're still in the midst of having discussions with our property insurer. The litigation was filed last quarter but we're - continue to have conversations. It's still too early to give any guidance on what any type of recovery might be there or the - even the timing, but I'd say that we are in constructive conversations with them.
Donald Brown: Yes, it is. It's - every situation is very unique in terms of the information that you're providing as well as the negotiations.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks for the question. As we think about COVID and we're early on into trying to understand what this could mean to our business and the economies. I think it's little early to provide specific guidance on 2021. As we stated earlier, we haven't seen a significant impact in the first quarter, because of COVID on - from an expense standpoint or - as well as a revenue standpoint, but we do expect we will see lower customer demand and some higher bad debt expense. So I think as we get - go through the quarters, we'll be able to provide more guidance and insight as we learn what the impacts COVID will have on our business going forward. Again, we don't think it affects our long-term growth drivers, but we do want to understand how it may impact our financials this year and our starting point next year.
Joseph Hamrock: Talk a little bit of about - yeah, let me add just a little about of differentiation. When you think about the cost profile related to the CMA sale and the actions that we're taking there, those are really in the realm of changing cost structures on a permanent basis related to ongoing operations and largely across the shared enterprise platforms and in enterprise cost pools. Very different from what you might do to manage on a short-term basis through a downturn like this. Some of the discretionary spending that largely often comes back in future spending, it's timing of spending that you often look at for those kind of efforts. So I would differentiate the two efforts and highlight that our focus is on maintaining core strength for 2021 and beyond. So any cost shaping actions we'll take at the edge of this year will be to manage, as Donald said, through the tight spots here, but our core focus remains on execution capabilities and lean operating platforms for '21 and beyond. So there is a distinction there. They're - they maybe co-mingle at times but largely they're separate and distinct efforts.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes, let me about the timing as we view it now and Donald can talk about the longer-term view to the extent it's coming into view at this point. So we're - as we noted earlier, we're in the negotiations phase with the bidders into the RFP. We expect to come through that here in the next few months. So I would expect to see the regulatory filings associated with that, CPCN is associated with that with the mix of PPAs and the JV tax equity structures later this summer, maybe around our Q2 call, we'll see. We'll just see how that plays out, but later this summer, we should have a lot more to talk about in terms of the mix and that would obviously lay out the timetable for investments on both sides of that equation. As it relates to the longer term CapEx and growth profile, let me ask Donald to talk about current outlook on that.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes, sure, let me touch on it. I think probably, the most notable part of the profile from a low perspective is the concentration of energy intense industrials, the steel and petrochem profile that we have there. And those customers, as you may recall, are under a new rate structure that was implemented with the rate case from last year that essentially shifts the capacity commitment profile for us to the firm portion of the load and allows them to buy through to the market on a ongoing basis. A novel approach to derisk that for us and for them and for our other customers, and you will note, if you look at industrial sales, Q1 of '20 versus Q1 of '19, you'll note a decline in industrial sales, a significant portion of which is related to that buy through. So it's by design that we have some of that decline in there and we did see about a 6.5% decline on industrial electric Q1 '20 versus Q1 '19. The remainder is a pretty diverse set of sectors, the remainder of our commercial and industrial loads, pretty diverse set of sectors across a growing part of the state and so we see good diversity and good economic development there as well. We saw load and I would just highlight the load profile. If you look at the results for the quarter, on the electric side, residential load down quarter one versus quarter one of last year, same for commercial and that's been a bit of a continuing trend on use per customer. On - by contrast, on the gas side of the business, residential sales were up about 3% across our footprint year-on-year and commercial up close to 5%, all of which, as we noted before, was pre-COVID impact. So we're not really seeing COVID impacts in that. And then industrial, slightly down on the gas side. So - and we continue to see our customer count increase as we've gone through the first quarter here. We added a little more insight than you asked for, but I want to make sure the whole picture was in focus there.
Joseph Hamrock: That all remains on track. We're, as you would expect, engaged right now with stakeholders in the early phases of that process. People continue to work through that even it with the COVID implications for work from home. We've seen very good progress on that. We expect that to close, as we noted earlier on the call, by the end of the third quarter of this year, would note that there is the possibility of some slight delay just from the workload issues and the way COVID might impact just working conditions, but we're confident in that. And we are viewing that and approaching that as a combined effort to resolve all matters related to Massachusetts, including the pipeline safety investigation. So it's all essentially on the table and in the mix together.
Joseph Hamrock: Well, again, it's - again we've put all of the matters together into the sale. It's an opportunity for a comprehensive package to - for NiSource to exit the state and Eversource to take the ongoing operations.
Joseph Hamrock: I'd actually expect that there would be savings that are ongoing. There is timing to some of the change in operations. If you think about doing a transaction, part of the work that we've got to do to separate will take multiple years. What we've got in this agreement is a transaction services agreement that lasts up to 30 months. And so as we analyze what that TSA looks like, we expect that we'll have some savings immediately, because we won't have to do that work and we can take the advantage of those savings opportunities. But over time, as the TSA comes off as well as we make other structural changes to our cost profile, that will take a couple of years.
Joseph Hamrock: It's really about optimizing the mix and starting with cost to customer as the key driver. When we analyze the RFP and the bids, we had a mix of PPA bids, bids that could go either PPA or JV and some straight JV and as we optimize that portfolio, the 50%-ish blend is what looks like the solution set that balances best cost to customer with the right ownership structure for us and opportunities for us, all subject to continuing negotiation and continuing evaluation, but that's a - that's kind of the target zone we're operating in right now.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. I think we'll take a one step at a time as we go through. We certainly want to look for ownership opportunities and investment opportunities and I would say we have a preference for that, but we want to do that in a balanced way that reflects the best interest of all of our stakeholders. And so we'll take each step in this, each tranche on a kind of an independent basis and look at the portfolio needs at a point in time.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. It's a good, good question, because it's a reference case, but you almost use it as a reference from which you adjust what's different about today and what's different about this particular set of circumstances. And the one thing that, as we've said and Donald highlighted is difficult and you're seeing it all around is sector-by-sector, you could see very different depths and duration. Some that might bounce right back and might actually bounce back stronger, some that are likely to see a little bit slower recovery and maybe don't recover back to where they were prior to this. And it's that blend of almost sector-by-sector and across our seven states or six-states as we go into 2021, the unique blend of those different sectors that we are analyzing very carefully and trying to get indicators, if you will, of what recovery looks like. And so we're early in trying to get to the next level of detail on that, but I think ultimately, when you start to look at that, it's a very different profile than what we experienced in '08, '09 and as you noted, our mix is different. We now have, without the Pipeline Group as you noted and with the different rate structure for our large industrials more protections in place, so to speak. We're better positioned or better hedged against some of the risks we faced here. So it's really - starts to become more of a duration question I think, ultimately and that's why as we step through Q2, I think we're going to get a much better sense of what we're seeing both in April as Donald noted, we'll see that pretty soon. And then by the end of Q2, even being shoulder months for our whole business for the most part, it's more of the economic recovery that will give you the leading indicators for Q3, Q4 and beyond when we'll be out of the shoulders. So looking forward to having more depth and detail on that, I want to be careful not to try to either be overly optimistic or overly pessimistic. I think we just have to step through this with eyes wide open.
Joseph Hamrock: It's really neither. It's more managing cash flow through this year and recognizing we're likely in a tight spot for a little while here and want to make sure we're prudent - taking prudent steps as we go. And as noted earlier, Donald talked about it, just by the nature of our capital portfolio, it's long dated and when we take a step like this, which by the way puts us on the same profile we've been on for the last couple of years, 17 to 18 is consistent with where we've been. This year, it was elevated a bit. So it's really just timing of key initiatives and probably blended across both tracked capital, growth capital and our maintenance capital. So likely to just have a very modest effect on the future.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes, it's a good insight and a good question and you may notice that we've moved 2020 into roughly $10 million, roughly $70 million, roughly $20 million, because it's the nature of the $100 million pullback and how that ultimately lands, that will move a little bit across those different categories, but your question about the long term. If you look backwards, we had some larger generation projects and larger electric transmission projects that were in the mix and that's why you'd see the more pronounced shift in the mix back a few years. As you go forward, the next couple of years, what you see here is likely to be what we'll continue to see until and unless we get to the generation investments that we've been talking about, the replacement portfolio. We'd see a couple of years there of an excursion on what we view as the periodic rate cases or the maintenance and other. We would likely see those show up in that category for a short period of time, but obviously, we'd have that combined with a regulatory strategy for those kind of investments.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks, Mariyama, and thanks to all of you for your continued interest in and support of NiSource. As is the case for all of us, around the communities we serve and all of our stakeholders, we're navigating through this COVID crisis carefully and thoughtfully and we'll continue to stay transparent and talk with you about any implications we see and share any outlook on our business. We appreciate the time today and look forward to the next opportunity. Please stay safe.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay, great. I also had two other questions. I was just - clearly, there's an earlier question about and you kind of talked about the change in the NIPSCO customer set and rate dynamic maybe certainly since the last recession...
Chris Sighinolfi: And clearly Columbia has been spun off since - Columbia Pipeline since that time, but I'm just curious, if there is any other things that you maybe have gone back through and looked at the performance of the company in '08-'09 just as like a proxy set and maybe just some of the things, if we were to do that, that you would point out that are quite a bit different this time versus that time or maybe any learnings from that time that inform how you and Donald think about the business. I know you're not giving guidance and I know you're still assessing COVID impacts and the dynamic this time is different, but there is still obviously an economic component, just curious, any thoughts on that.
Chris Sighinolfi: Sure. That's helpful. We'll pay attention to those data points as well. I guess, the final question from me, Joe, is just with regard to Massachusetts, I know you guys have given in your Qs the updates in terms of insurance recoveries and I know you've been somewhat cautious about anticipating any on the asset front. I'm just curious where that stands and what those discussions look like.
