Joseph J. Hamrock: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As most of you know in the period since our last investor call NiSource and our customers in the Greater Lawrence, Massachusetts, area experienced an event of unprecedented proportions. This tragic event has been a humbling experience for all of us at NiSource and Columbia Gas, and we realized that much work lies ahead of us to finish our service restoration in Greater Lawrence, and regain the trust of our customers and the communities we serve. In Greater Lawrence, we continue to stay keenly focused on helping our customers and restoring the impacted communities. We are committed to restoring service to customers there safely and as quickly as possible. Safety and the care of our customers is the very foundation of our business. Although, the reviews of this incident are not complete, we are taking steps across our seven-state footprint to enhance system safety. Those measures include procedures and protocols that help guard low pressure systems from the risks that can lead to overpressure incidents with emphasis on enhanced project designs, controls and risk management and enhanced damage prevention protocols. In addition, the plan includes responsive measures such as designs that would automatically shut down an infected system or otherwise protect customer property in the event of an overpressure situation. Across NiSource, our teams continue working to enhance safety for our customers and communities and our team in Indiana is taking significant steps to advancing our long-term electric business strategy. Let's now turn to slide 3, which outlines some of our key accomplishments in the third quarter and early fourth quarter. Our non-GAAP net operating earnings, which excludes the impact of the Greater Lawrence event were $0.10 per share in the third quarter versus $0.07 in 2017, which keeps us on plan to achieving our net operating earnings per share guidance of a $1.26 to a $1.32 for 2018. And we remain on plan to invest $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion in our regulated utility infrastructure in 2018. We are also reaffirming our long-term guidance of $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion in annual capital investments and 5% to 7% annual growth in net operating earnings and dividends per share through 2020. As of Tuesday, we've replaced all 45 miles of distribution pipeline and all of the service lines necessary to restore service to the impacted communities, in Lawrence, Massachusetts. Additional work is necessary to make homes and businesses House Ready in order to restore service to all the impacted customers. We're working diligently with our business partners to marshal the resources necessary and adjust our approach to meet our customers' needs and finish this important work safely and as quickly as possible. Meanwhile our teams have continued their disciplined execution of our infrastructure modernization programs and regulatory initiatives across all our states. Just yesterday, we achieved two milestones in our electric business in Indiana. We submitted our latest Integrated Resource Plan to the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission and also filed a base rate case, which supports the plans we outlined in the Integrated Resource Plan. And we continue to execute on both, our environmental investments and our long-term transmission and distribution system modernization program. In our gas business, we received approval of our rate case settlement in Indiana, and settlements are pending in our Maryland and Pennsylvania base rate cases. We've filed a new rate case in Virginia and withdrew our pending rate case in Massachusetts. In Ohio, we've reached a settlement agreement in our Capital Expenditure Program rider case. We continue to execute on our infrastructure modernization programs across our footprint and our application for a long-term program extension in Maryland was also approved. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Donald, who will discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Joseph J. Hamrock: And Paul, just to clarify slide 12 also includes the capital expenditures related to the system rebuild. Those obviously would not be insurance-related costs.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah, Julien. It's Joe. I'll take the first part. Our focus is on the restoration effort and getting customers back in service. Those are questions for another day related to the ultimate regulatory plan for the investments we've been making.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah. That's a work in progress. Julien, that's one of the areas that we expect to update when we do further look probably mid-2019.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah. It's a good question, Chris, and good morning. It's a little early for that. That's the area that we would expect to delineate more in our 2019 guidance on our Q4 call.
Joseph J. Hamrock: I don't know that, I'd go to that extent. You know we've got work to do to pull all those details together, but I don't see it that way at this point.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah. You recognize some of the issues that we've worked through over the last several weeks since the incident. We worked day-by-day with the leaders in the state and the community and our partners across this to all stay focused on restoration of service to the community and the customers in the community. And I would say that is a very collaborative effort working very closely together. We will have work to do as we get beyond service restoration as well with the ongoing effort to replace some of the equipment that we'll repair immediately. So this has got this has got a longer tail on it than just service restoration and we've, we've made a long-term commitment to rebuild trust and confidence in the community and with the leaders in this state.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah. Steve. We're always reviewing that. It's always a risk-based evaluation. We do that on an ongoing basis. As I noted earlier in the call, we have also reviewed the other profile around low pressure systems and we expect to make some investments along that line of assets as well in the near-future, but we're still working through the details on that and would expect to share more on that in the near-future.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah. We announced last week a revision to the original schedule that now has the ultimate return between December 2 and December 16, though we work every day to accelerate that schedule and we're still pushing for earlier than those dates with resource redeployment of additional resources bringing in additional contractors. So it's an urgent focus across the entire team to work towards an accelerated return home for those affected customers. It's very disruptive for them. In terms of the number who are out right now, subject to check. I need to look at the most recent, but we have – we provide daily stats on the number of folks that are in alternative housing and a number of folks that are affected by this and still not able to function in their homes normally. So, as we as we sit here today, we've restored about 20% of the affected customers and we work with each of the affected customers to be sure they're accommodated.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah. As I noted on the call earlier, we're now looking at mid-2019 for an Analyst Day, and an update on the longer range plan.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah. Good morning, Charles. And thanks for the question. We did as you noted, accelerate relative to the last Integrated Resource Plan, accelerate the plan for coal retirements with now all of the Schahfer stations slated for retirement within the next five years, and the Michigan City unit within 10 years. And it was driven by I would characterize it as all of the factors that you noted, a rigorous economic analysis looking at the long run cost, expected cost of all available sources, including continuing to run the existing assets, providing for environmental retrofits known to comply with current regulations. And then to look at – we ran an RFP earlier in the year that we shared with stakeholders for and all of the above supply portfolio to replace capacity. And when we ran all of that analysis and looked at all of the options, what emerged as the best solution or the most viable solution is the plan that we put out yesterday with the IRP, with that further acceleration of coal retirement. And as we sit here today in expectation that renewables would be the most viable, most economic and cleanest supply portfolio for us. We will continue to evaluate that side of it as we step through time. We'll look at what's available in the marketplace now, and then we'll take another look as we get closer to the timeline of needing to replace capacity across the next 10 years. So, that's an ongoing evaluation. And so the rate case that was also filed yesterday is really designed to complement that Integrated Resource Plan to reset the depreciation rates, to now acknowledge the accelerated retirement plan. And with your last question, you may recall that we filed last year a CPCN and for both the CCR and the ELG, both the coal ash and the water rule compliance and we have proceeded with the CCR, but we'll continue that, because that compliance date is upon us. On the ELG side, the water rule, we'll continue to evaluate that and likely would not make those investments under this plan consistent with what you indicated in your question. So, it's a comprehensive look at all of the options, all of the economics. And coming up with the solution that best fits our expected needs and our customers' supply needs.
Joseph J. Hamrock: That's the idea, to get the rate case to set the depreciation rates for the existing assets, so that we can move forward in time with other decisions based on having established that foundation.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah. We are looking at opportunities to own that as well as PPA. When we ran the IRP or the RFP, this summer, bids came in for both, PPA as well as ownership. We're looking at what that opportunities are around ownership, and in firming up those bids. I mean what that structure would be to include that in rate base. So, that will be part of our plan and how we would come out next year to talk about the future investments and generation, but we think certainly opportunity to own.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Thank you, Mark, and thank you, all again for joining us this morning and for your interest in and support of NiSource. We look forward to talking to you again soon. Have a good day.
Donald E. Brown: Thanks, Joe, and morning, everyone. Before talking about our non-GAAP earnings, I'd just like to note that our third quarter GAAP results include our current estimates of the emergency response, system restoration and other expenses associated with the Greater Lawrence event, and we will likely see additional incident-related expenses in subsequent quarters. However, we do expect to substantially recover these expenses through insurance, but as of yet have not recorded any insurance recoveries as of September 30th. Excluding this impact, we continue to expect to deliver on our net operating earnings per share guidance for 2018, and deliver on our $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion capital investment plan. On slide 5, you'll see our non-GAAP net operating earnings were approximately $35 million or $0.10 per share in the third quarter, compared with approximately $23 million or $0.07 per share in the same period of 2017. Through the first nine months of 2018, our net operating earnings are approximately $321 million or $0.91 per share, putting us right on track to deliver on our guidance commitment for 2018, which is $1.26 to $1.32 per share, excluding the impact of CMA event. Let's turn now to the non-GAAP financial results for our business segments. Looking at slide 6, our Gas Distribution Operations segment had an operating loss of about $3 million for the quarter, compared with an operating loss of about $9 million in the same period of 2017. Operating earnings, excluding the regulated revenue impact of tax reform were about $25 million higher than a year ago, driven primarily by increased infrastructure investment revenue and lower employee and administrative expenses. Our Electric Operations segment, covered on slide 7, reported operating earnings of about $123 million for the quarter, compared with operating earnings of about $130 million in the same period of 2017. However, excluding the regulated revenue impact of tax reform, our Electric segment operating earnings were about $7 million higher than a year ago. This increase was primarily due to lower O&M, increased infrastructure investment revenues, offset slightly by decreased industrial usage. Now turning to slide 8, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our total debt level as of September 30th was about $8.8 billion of which about $7 billion was long-term debt. The weighted average maturity and our long-term debt was approximately 19 years and the weighted average interest rate was approximately 4.6%. At the end of the third quarter, we maintain net available liquidity of about $1.1 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitizations. I'd now like to turn to some additional details about our financing plan and recent actions, which are covered on slide 9. As you know in May, we sold approximately 25 million shares of common stock in a private placement with proceeds of approximately $600 million. And in June, we initiated a long-term debt refinancing, which included issuing $400 million of preferred stock and $350 million five-year notes, the proceeds of which were used to acquire certain outstanding notes totaling $760 million through tender offers and redemptions, and these transactions were completed in mid-July. These steps address the cash and credit impacts of federal tax reform, we improved our credit metrics and strengthened our balance sheet, and it put us back on track with our previous financing plan to fund our long-term growth investments. This plan includes annual equity in the range of $200 million to $300 million from an ATM program and $35 million to $60 million from our employee stock purchase and other programs. Consistent with this plan, we filed an ATM equity issuance program with the SEC earlier this morning. This is consistent with our approach to provide balanced predictable financing for our infrastructure investments and the ATM program filed today allows us to issue up to $500 million in equity through the end of 2020. This year's financing activity and execution of our financing plan going forward is expected to enhance our credit profile by strengthening our funds from operations to debt metric to 13% by the end of 2018 and improve to a 14% to 15% range in 2019 and beyond. Now I'll turn the call back to Joe, who will discuss a few infrastructure investment and regulatory highlights.
Donald E. Brown: Thanks, Paul. Good morning. No, this $200 million, $300 million that we outlined in Q2 is still the plan, the ATM that we filed. The new ATM we filed this morning is consistent with that. As you recall, we had used up all of the previous ATM and needed to file a new one.
Donald E. Brown: So our insurance coverage is fairly broad to cover this type of event and incident. We got total liability coverage of about $800 million and expect substantially all of these costs to be recovered through the process. However, we did not book a receivable at our September 30th close, because it's early in the process. We really are in Q4, incurring most of these expenses and felt that it was prudent to really get through seeing the claims and the cost before booking a receivable, which we'll do as Q4.
Donald E. Brown: That's correct Julien. It's both of those categories really from an accounting perspective and how we need to book show that from an accounting perspective, we put it into two categories around third-party claims and other expenses. But they are all event expenses that we expect to be recovered through insurance.
Donald E. Brown: From a financing standpoint, obviously, it's a large event that we are financing now. We have significant liquidity to finance this event. However, we are looking at ensuring that we hit our metrics that we've promised at year-end here 2018 and assessing any needs to make sure we hit that. But, again, it's all timing around financing, because we do expect to recover the claims expenses through insurance.
Donald E. Brown: And I'd say – I'd add that, we don't expect that this changes our long-term guidance of 5% to 7% earnings and dividend growth. As we came out last year committing to flat O&M expense after 2017, and we still expect to be able to meet that commitment.
Donald E. Brown: Thank you. Yes. It was certainly a good transaction, the preferred equity that we did in May, we continue to look at that option as a long-term lower cost way to provide equity content versus issuing common equity. So absolutely. However we will continue to compare that versus issuing through the ATM program as well as regular debt financing.
Donald E. Brown: So I wouldn't think at this point, the mix is going to change in any significant way. I think we're certainly working through our electric generation plan and we'll be able to provide an update on that in mid-2019. But at this point, I don't see a significant departure from the current mix.
Donald E. Brown: Yeah. I really think it's certainly timing if we were to do any type of transaction with equity content, it really is timing to support the restoration efforts in Massachusetts. But the ATM program that we filed as well as if we were to issue any type of preferred or equity content security that would support hitting our metrics at yearend.
Donald E. Brown: But, I would add that, if you think about our programs in each state, we'll typically have five- and seven-year commitments around our infrastructure investments. And so, I would not expect a material change state-to-state as we are – do intend to hit those commitments on those programs.
Donald E. Brown: So, no. That's something that we are evaluating right now as we look at our operations and the needs. Joe, outlined some of the steps that we're taking around low pressure systems and we'll be able to provide more information in the future on that. But at this point, don't expect there to be significant O&M that would change our long-term O&M plan.
Donald E. Brown: That is correct. We executed on this work in Massachusetts. And just think about it from a resource standpoint, we brought a lot of resources over from other states to support this effort in Massachusetts. And so, we did balance out a little bit across the states, so that our overall capital plan doesn't change significantly. There were also I'd say some lower priority corporate and IT initiatives that we delayed that supported not really changing our capital plan and/or our financing need.
Donald E. Brown: Yeah. So, 5% to 7%, yeah, I think if you recall in thinking about the range of outcomes for our business, it's primarily driven by our infrastructure programs and 75% of that is tracked. And so, the movement within the range is really around regulatory outcomes and timing of those outcomes, O&M expense and financing costs. So, I think this doesn't change that. This event does not change that from a long-term standpoint.
Donald E. Brown: Yeah. That is correct, Charles. That portion of our investment in Ohio typically would have gone through a base rate case. And so now, from the Ohio perspective, almost all of the investments would be recovered through a tracker or a rider.
Donald E. Brown: I don't know if we've come out what a date yet on the next RFP, but certainly we would need to likely. I'd say you're probably right, it's probably in the 2021 timeframe to be in place by 2023.
