Michael Luhrs: Yes. So thank you. So when we think about the remaining two projects, as you mentioned, the first two associated with Calvary and Dunns Bridge have been included, and we evaluated that and filed to that from the tax transferability. We continue to evaluate the second two. And if those are customer beneficial, then we'll look at how to move forward with those. But effectively, you would be looking in a neighborhood of about $400 million of incremental capital associated with those projects. If they were to be included under full ownership with tax transferability.
Michael Luhrs: So at this point in time, honestly, we feel very strong and confident in our dates and in-service dates with our projects, and we think that's evidenced by how we brought the recent projects into schedule. I think there were a lot of benefits to us in how we exercise the generation transition earlier and plan for that. And at this point, we do not see significant supply disruptions. We do pay attention to that. We are always wary of it. There continues to be the need for long lead time equipment with certain items, but we've addressed those.
Michael Luhrs: So what I would say is, fundamentally, when you look at the benefits of the IRA and what we determined with the first two projects is that it produced significant additional benefits for customer costs. Both in the near term and in the long-term over the project. So we felt very comfortable, and we know that they provide a lot of benefit to customers, and that's why we filed for full ownership with them. There are always differences associated with projects relative to what the capacity factors of them are depending on the region. There's always differences associated with them. Some of our projects include storage versus not. That changes the different tax credits with those projects. What I would say is that we continue to evaluate those projects, the remaining two under the tax transferability provision. And provide that customer benefit opportunity, then we'll look at how to move forward with those. But we're going to go through it in a very methodical and disciplined fashion to make sure that we know it provides the best benefit to all stakeholders.
Michael Luhrs: So when you look at the incremental $1 billion that Shawn mentioned, approximately $500 million is associated with Calvary and Dunns Bridge for the tax transferability, and that's simply going to the full ownership of those projects.
Michael Luhrs: Yes. So when you look at the elements between that, I mean, some of that, if you're looking specifically at the generation projects. I mean some of that, honestly, is just rounding associated with it. And then we did have some general modifications with the projects. But then when you look at the other capital opportunities on top of that, Shawn, I'll let you.
Michael Luhrs: Yes. So with the generation opportunities in the IRP and even when we talk about potential upside associated with the plan, as I mentioned before, we're working through those in a very methodical and disciplined fashion. Later, I already mentioned with Calvary and Dunns Bridge that we expect something from an IURC in the first part of the year. By that point in time, we would expect to have our analysis associated with Fairbanks and Gibson to be complete and ensuring that it's beneficial to customers. So that's -- in that rough time frame, we wouldn't be expecting to see an update on that analysis. We are working through the IRP refresh in 2024, the IRP refresh wouldn't be towards the latter half of the year associated with it. That will include looking at what we need associated with the pipeline for what's already been mentioned around batteries, additional storage at other solar facilities, additional generation that may be needed relative to the plan from what we're seeing in either economic development or low growth in the areas but that would be more towards the latter part of the year.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Thanks, Durgesh. Appreciate the question. So first and foremost, all of our guidance range for all years of the plan reflect the full cost of financing, which is inclusive of all of the equity that we've shared, I think, on Slide 14. And all of our financing plan has always contemplated a full marketing in the placement of the $863 million effectively raising those proceeds here in 2023. That continues to be our assumption as we move forward. That positions our balance sheet such that we are in the 14% to 16% range for all years of the plan. But more specifically, the minority sale process concluding and closing by the end of 2023 positions us in that range. So the second half of your question is related to what if the units are not remarketing. And we have a lot of flexibility then in that scenario, both in the timing of raising the equity as well as spending our capital expenditures plan. Therefore, we've got flexibility within the 14% to 16% range should that not actually execute.
Shawn Anderson: Yes, absolutely. We've found the partnership with Blackstone, even before we've closed here as very robust. They're very thoughtful, considerate, executors around capital as well as understanding infrastructure and just the global landscape. They brought ideas to the table that we've already partnered with Mike Cooper, our President in Indiana and the Indiana team more broadly to try and evaluate how we can benefit the state of Indiana, from this partnership. And that's mostly in the vein of economic development, on shoring, increasing manufacturing, potential for data centers, increasing NIPSCO's load. But more specifically, bringing jobs and broader tax base to the State of Indiana. And Blackstone has brought a lot of ideas to the table on that already, and we're looking forward to continuing to action those and bringing some of those into fruition.
Shawn Anderson: Yes, sure. The incremental MISO transmission projects are a portion of this becoming part of the plan in the middle of the year -- middle of the decade really earlier than what we previously had shared and modeled those were part of the road for change in legislation that we saw come through in May of 2023 and part of Tranche 1 that MISO had handed down for execution. We also see incremental gas modernization in PHMSA work and a little bit more work necessary for us to ensure electric resiliency. Most of that is towards the back half of this decade.
Shawn Anderson: We're just moving capital projects associated with the regulatory time lines that our jurisdictions are supporting for their programmatic investment. But I don't think that's a significant shift nor an indication of change in investment thesis.
Shawn Anderson: We've not disclosed the specific percentage associated with that, but we reiterate that we believe it would be a modest change to the Slide 14 that we laid out today. And the main reason for that really is the execution of the minority interest sale process in 2023 and really all financing in 2023, which has strengthened our balance sheet such that incremental capital expenditures can flow through more accretively than when we had otherwise not had a strengthened balance sheet. All of the incremental capital expenditures are 100% regulated investments. That means they will grow cash from operations. So on the left-hand side of that slide, you'll see cash from operations flow in that will help to support some of the financing costs otherwise. And then also a portion of these investments will hopefully continue to benefit from the provisions established in the IRA as we develop more solar assets and provide additional favorable tax treatment for NiSource and its customers.
Shawn Anderson: Well, two quick points on that. First off, we don't see any material incremental CapEx in 2024 from the upside plan at this time, which also means that our 2024 financing plan is materially unchanged in all scenarios. Which again assumes no equity issued in 2024 after closing the NIPSCO minority sale transaction as well as the equity units for marketing transaction, both here and fourth quarter of 2023. Further from that, we've not indicated a point estimate. However, I'd say that all years of our plan are within the 14% to 16% FFO to debt range inclusive of 2023 at the conclusion of those transactions.
Shawn Anderson: Yes, at this point, it does the base plan still supports the 8% to 10% annual rate base growth. And certainly, we'll continue to evaluate potential for more investment if it's out there.
Shawn Anderson: We'll continue to stay within the 60% to 70% payout ratio, and that's how I would mark the dividend within the 10% to 12% as well as we've assumed a flat PE in our plan just in terms of financing assumptions, we've basically marked our PE in the financing side of things here in October and kept it flat for the duration of the plan.
Shawn Anderson: I'll just add to that real briefly that we still believe in this inflationary environment that stakeholders benefit from the scale of the NiSource assets as constructed today. When you look at robust capital visionary environments, we're able to hold O&M flat and take advantage of a lot of investment opportunity, translating that across the scale of our business. And by getting smaller, it does have an impact to customer affordability that we watch and are considerate of.
Shawn Anderson: Yes, great question. Relative to the prior plan, we've seen a flip in our taxpayer status from the beginning of 2025 to outside of our current plan horizon. This is driven by a host of assumptions associated with the IRA, but predominantly linked to higher ownership of solar assets. So while there's a number of assumptions that link to this, the net impact is less cash utilization for tax payments than previously projected, which enables more capital assets across our plan without incremental equity financing.
Shawn Anderson: Well, there's no change to the 6% to 8% long-term, we still believe strongly that an annual 6% to 8% OEPS growth range is feasible with this plan, most notably due to the programmatic nature of the investments themselves, how they flow through the regulatory mechanize and then the line of sight we have through trackers and otherwise to be able to recover those accordingly. This plan refresh does incorporate updated guidance around short and long-term interest rates. So it does flow in what we're seeing in the current marketplace. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, sustaining that longer at the plan horizon than previously. All of that's refreshed here as we sit here today. Commodity prices as well are effectively flat.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. I think it's all incorporated Julien, the 14% to 16% annual guidance rate that we've provided around FFO to debt. So the net result of that is associated with higher deferred taxes, lower cash taxes paid and some slight timing around the monetization of these credits. Although we expect the credit to be passed back to customers in full. Therefore, that might be a timing issue more so than it is any one long sustaining benefit to the FFO to debt metric itself. One other change that occurs through the concept of full ownership and the concept of tax equity, we're able to retain the full tax attributes of a portion of those projects, particularly these two projects that we're moving forward with discussions with the IURC upon such that we retain all those tax attributes, our prior modeling, as you would have expected, would have had all those tax attributes delivered to a tax equity partner. So net-net, that provides us additional tax attributes that are beneficial for the plan.
Shawn Anderson: Appreciate that. Before concluding our call, I just wanted to share some retirement news that we will release this afternoon. It's a distinct honor for me to announce the intention of Randy Hulen, our Head of Investor Relations and Treasury to retire from NiSource at year-end. As many of you know, Randy has been an integral part of NiSource for nearly three decades. His leadership has been invaluable to this company. It's transformed us from the companies we've been to the premium utility that we are today. And it's without question that he's left a positive mark on NiSource. And we're so fortunate to have had him at the helm and finance over the period of time we have. On a personal level, Randy has contributed tirelessly to the success of the NiSource franchise over his many years of service. And it's without question that NiSource is a stronger company as a result of his leadership in so many capacities I am grateful for all that Randy has done to help shape our organization, particularly in the eyes of our investors. While we will miss Randy's ongoing leadership at NiSource, we are excited to announce that Tchapo Napoe will be joining NiSource as VP of Treasury and Corporate Finance; and Chris Turnure will be elevated the Head of Investor Relations. Both Tchapo and Chris brings a significant amount of industry expertise and experience and will be solid leaders in NiSource going forward. With that, thank you all for joining us today, and have a safe rest of the day.
Lloyd Yates: So the IURC doesn't have an extended time line to make that decision. We believe and hope that we'll get a decision from them sometime early next year.
Lloyd Yates: Let me -- when we built the plan and rolled out at Investor Day in 2022, when we use market curve on natural gas. We did not assume that gas would be $2 to $3 a million BTU. We are still assuming that same market curve in the plan that we have. So I don't characterize that as cushion. We manage that. We don't build. So we didn't build a plan piling in excess capital because we're assuming gas prices are going to stay at $2 to $3. Our land is built on gas prices, whatever the market curve I think its $4 to $5.
Lloyd Yates: I would say both as we look at incremental capital opportunities. Now when they come to fruition when we do the analysis and we understand them in terms of customer benefit, shareholder benefit, ability to execute accretion the plan for shareholders, then we'll layer those plans and whether that's on a quarter-by-quarter basis, we'll take advantage on the quarterly opportunity. And then we'll also refresh our capital plans annually to reflect those incremental opportunities.
Lloyd Yates: Yes, and to add to that, I think that is also a shift in our development of workforce and aligning our contractors and employees to make sure we can execute that work effectively and efficiently.
Lloyd Yates: So right now, when we look at our financing plan, we look at our investment windows down the road. We don't think we need to exercise any sales with LDCs. We think we can stay within our 14% to 16% FFO to debt. We think we can grow the business 6% to 8% a year and pay a dividend at 67% payout ratio. So we don't see a knee to sell LDCs. We like the scale of the LDCs. We like our jurisdiction. We think they're really constructive, and we think we have a great organic growth plan.
Lloyd Yates: So we are actually going through a refresh of the IRP in 2024 and we are evaluating, we know that the IRP indicates that storage would be beneficial to the system and are looking at that within the future plan. And yes, we will evaluate whether or not at the other solar site would be beneficial to ask from.
Lloyd Yates: And I think with those commodity prices and that 6% to 8% EPS growth plan we think we also can effectively manage customer affordability in that realm to the point where we can grow for the very long term as opposed to open the capital and increasing customer rates. We believe that there's a regulatory sensitivity here that we need to manage around customer affordability, and we're very focused on that.
Lloyd Yates: So let's take those one at a time. Michael why don’t you start with the IRP and some of the generation opportunities.
Lloyd Yates: Yes, I believe by time, we understand the full impact of the PHMSA rule, we'll roll that into next year's financial plan. It is a big role with a lot in terms of -- but I think the focus is making the gas distribution system safer, significant reduction in methane leakage and replacing some of the first-generation piping. So I think we'll understand that better later this year or early next year.
Lloyd Yates: There's two things here. Well, let me close and turn it over to Shawn. And I just want to -- we have a really strong team. We have an organization now excited about a plan that we believe is executable significantly derisked. We have a long tail of investment with an organization focused on operational excellence, customer affordability and effective regulatory and legislative relationships along with great financial discipline. So we're excited about where we're going. And I appreciate your question, Shawn.
