Lloyd Yates: So I think as I said in some of my remarks, I think Shawn also repeated it. When you think about the NIPSCO system in Northern Indiana, and we have a number of fundamentals, one, a very robust transmission system, plentiful land, a lot of farmland there, available energy capacity. Great energy policy, really enhance a really positive place to do business. I mean you start to realize a region is right for data center development. And because of that, we are in the midst and have been midst of discussions with several data center developers, and we're really optimistic about the opportunity to grow our load with respect to data centers. I think you said something really important and that is -- I think we're working hard on how we're evaluating ways to structure the opportunity so that it benefits all stakeholders. That includes our customers, our shareholders and the communities we serve. So I know I'm not directly answering your question because we don't have real specifics. We like to have detail and have quantifiable detail before we put them into our IRP and our load growth projections. And we're still working on those things, although we are very optimistic about our ability to develop data centers in the NIPSCO  service territory. 
Lloyd Yates: So I think it could be a combination of both, but things could definitely evolve faster than the IRP process in Indiana. I think just like all the other companies across the industry, the data center developers are talking to a lot of people. I think that they are looking for utilities or energy companies that can move quickly. We want to be one of those. And I think that process may develop or could or probably will develop faster than the IRP process. 
Lloyd Yates: So it should not have an impact on the rate case. We still expect to get an order on the NIPSCO gas rate case sometime this summer. And because of the deferral mechanism, it should not have a negative impact on our financials. 
Lloyd Yates: I mean I think the way to think about it is to think about the size of our jurisdictions, right? So you think about Ohio, Indiana and then Pennsylvania will have the broadest impact in terms of capital investment from those rules of that $1.6 billion. 
Lloyd Yates: Yes. So I'd say some -- I mean, I think you started thinking about the economic development in Ohio, in Indiana outside of data centers is really strong. You think about reshore and you think about the Intel project just here in Columbus, you think of some of the battery, Stellantis in Indiana. I mean, reshoring or onshoring; however, you want to characterize that is, again, a great opportunity for us. We are strengthening our economic development pipeline getting more focused on that because there are more people interested in that. I mean, I think we have -- I mean the -- one of the strengths of the company is we did -- the jurisdictions we operate in, most if it, not all of our states, provide huge economic development incentives and people are very motivated to create manufacturing jobs where possible. That's the one thing no matter what your politics or everybody agrees on job creation and economic development and we're positioned very well to take advantage of those. 
Lloyd Yates: Yes. I mean we are actively involved with federal government and I'll say the PHMSA rulemaking. As you probably know, PHMSA is about really grading leaks and repair timelines and leak detection methodologies. We think those rules will be finalized by the end of this -- by the end of 2024, so far and as we start to develop plans for compliance to those rules, you'll start to see us have input to our capital plan or additions to our capital plan to facilitate those rules by some time in the middle of the plan. So if you develop a compliance plan within 18 months. And in 36 months, you kind of have to roll into your capital plan. So we expect to see capital upside from the PHMSA rule sometime in the middle of the plan. 
Lloyd Yates: Again, thank you for participating in the phone call. We're optimistic about the NiSource plan. Appreciate the questions. Have a great day. 
Shawn Anderson: Yes. So Shar, first and foremost, I think your question on what are the types of projects, the upside CapEx plan. So still have some electric generation projects in our upside plan based on the results of the 2021 IRP. So we'll watch the 2024 IRP process to understand how these upside projects might fit in our investment timelines. I think gas infrastructure work around PHMSA requirements and some of the additional projects stand out to us are compelling, particularly based on compliance requirements, but we need to watch and see how that plays itself out from a rule-making standpoint. Likewise, electric T&D has several projects, which could create upside to the plan, both as we think about MISO Tranche 1 and maybe as we start to approach the next decade Tranche 2. But grid modernization and system hardening is still important work for us to deliver reliable service. And then to Lloyd's point, I mean, we added the economic development and data center and technology innovation support the energy infrastructure to deliver that to Slide 10 as we start to think about the formulation of our upside plan. We think there's a lot of work there, but economic development is challenging. It requires alignment for many different stakeholders, but it can make a big splash for our communities, just like the Intel project did in Central Ohio.  So it's entirely possible that these -- the portfolio of these projects develop and could do so quickly. But we don't put those into the base plan as Lloyd said until we're highly certain that these are projects that can deliver value. And then in terms of financing for these projects, we'll evaluate this as it arises. Part of the criteria for investing in these upside projects is seeking accretive projects to help NiSource and our communities grow. We believe the portfolio of projects that we've identified will help us do just that. And in many cases, we think the financing required will be fairly efficient because of the profile of these projects. Fortunately, we operate in constructive regulatory jurisdictions with efficient regulatory mechanisms, which balance the value creation for customers and shareholders. But we're a fully regulated business and committed to balancing our capital structure to ensure the credit quality that we've been able to obtain here, and we'll be committed to do so. 
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Maybe one last point here, this is Shawn. The stakeholder alignment is critical, and so the timing to implement the rules will matter as you think about our current CapEx plan, '23 to '28. So we'll need to pace that through. So what you'll see if it moves from the upside plan to the base plan will be actionable projects within the context of the timing of this CapEx plan. But those rules could extend the amount of work into the early 2030s. And so how we segment that along the actual jurisdictions that Michael just referenced will be dictated a lot by our stakeholder engagement and the pacing set forth by themselves. 
Shawn Anderson: Yes, this is Shawn. I'll take that. The existing project cost allocation is set forth to be about $250 million across NiSource, but that splits itself to the allocation across their jurisdiction. So think about it around $150 million of capital that will flow through NIPSCO, both on the electric side and the gas side. And then -- yes, it covers the onetime O&M component of it and then some depreciation and amortization. 
