Robert C. Skaggs: Well, again in the spirit of big picture, 50,000 feet, the exposure to commodity is nil if any [ph]. On the infrastructure side, we have the dedication of the entire multi-county area of interest. So that's going to be supported by that, that drilling program and production. It's not a percentage of proceeds or anything like that. It's going to be fee-based. Our working interest, royalty interest, again at 50,000 feet, is relatively small on the big scheme of things.
Robert C. Skaggs: No, the other acreage is standalone. It's not dedicated or pledged or contracted to Hilcorp. So in the western portion of the Utica window, that acreage is NiSource's. We've mentioned in the past that we're waiting for that area to be delineated, further defined -- so while that activity that unfolds, we continue to hold that acreage.
Robert C. Skaggs: Again, in the big scheme of things, the engineering is very, very manageable. It's relatively modest, for the entire project, both the Columbia Gas Transmission work and the Columbia Gulf work, the total is roughly $200 million. The work on Columbia Gulf is for the most part compressor station salving[ph]. And I'd add it's not a backhaul per se on Columbia Gulf. We're going to render one of our 3 Columbia Gulf legs bidirectional. So one leg would become fully bidirectional and so this gas would, in fact, move south. Your other -- the other proportion to your question, could we see more of this occurring and the answer would be yes. That's a possibility. First things first, we'll proceed with this project that was warmly received -- well-received by the marketplace, and we'll look at the other 2 legs as interest develops.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well I think it's sooner rather than later. As suggested in my prepared comments, the agreement does include a drilling program, outlines the drilling program. We'd say that the drilling program is aggressive. Hilcorp has a well-established record of going at this at a pretty good clip and I think if you look at their track record in the Southwest, the Eagle Ford for instance, you'll see a production track that looks pretty aggressive, so we see this occurring over the next 5 years or so --
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, there were a lot of details because we are working under confidentiality agreements, nondisclosure agreements with the customers. But we've said, gosh, Paul, for now the better part of a year that our game plan was to deal with this in 2012, and our hope was to have FERC action approval of an arrangement by year-end 2012.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well Columbia Gas Transmission and modernization applies to Columbia Gas Transmission. So it's the market area grid pipeline. And you're correct, that rate on Columbia Gas Transmission is a postage stamp.
Robert C. Skaggs: No. The acreage contributed is roughly 14,000 acres. We're going to combine that with acreage that Hilcorp has and acreage that Hilcorp is acquiring in an area of mutual interest. For the entire combined Hilcorp-NiSource acreage, we'll have a 5% working interest, plus an overriding royalty interest in the entire combined acreage position.
Robert C. Skaggs: We will receive -- in return for the contribution, we'll receive a portion in cash upfront. We'll receive the other portion as a working carry, if you will, carried interest. And again, I would remind you just in the spirit of clarity, the entire combined acreage, the mutual area of interest, is then dedicated to the Pennant infrastructure joint venture.
Robert C. Skaggs: It ramps and the key to the ramp is XTO's drilling program. So at the outset, they are the primary driver for the ramp up and throughput. We're in the process of marketing additional capacity on Big Pine similar when we need [ph] to place the capacity. And then those producers, like XTO, need to execute on their drilling program.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, second quarter -- and just to remind you that the second quarter is really a shoulder-off quarter for us and so I wouldn't read too much into the volumes on Columbia golf or for that matter anywhere.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, at the margin we'll be able to -- at the margin we'll be in a position to buy a bit more of Illinois basin coal, but I would say -- and again, very macro, very 50,000 feet - it's not going to radically change our buying patterns.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, I still don't want to go over my skews [ph] at the moment on that, Carl. Again, stay tuned on the 12th and hopefully [Audio Gap] we'll be in a position to give you a little bit better sense on how much, to would say, additional icing there might be.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, there's a long-term arrangement. So the investment is supported by long-term agreements with shippers. So from our perspective, it's as long-term and as firm as any other core system breadth [ph] project that we deal with.
Robert C. Skaggs: The bulk of the spend would be back ended. We will be spending money for engineering, right-away work, that sort of thing, but the bulk of the dollars would in fact be in the time period you mentioned. Again, 100 miles, about $270 million is the total investment in the project.
Robert C. Skaggs: I think that's about it in terms of what we would call regulatory milestones. Again, I mentioned we have a lot of work to do on the local front for permits, right of ways, engineering, that sort of thing, but the key regulatory steps have been taken.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well I think going forward we think about our acreage in the western portion of the Utica, we hope that the structure that we've developed -- we think could be a model, could be a model, could be a template in terms of counter parties and direction and that sort of thing. Way, way, way too early to opine [ph] on that, Jay. And in fact, what I would go back to is, we've got to find out whether there is anything over there on the west that's commercial. That's step one. So we're continuing to watch very closely Devon and other folks that are reportedly drilling test wells in that portion of the world.
Robert C. Skaggs: No, I just -- you're absolutely correct. I didn't mention that. That continues to be the option, the Plan B, if discussions with customers don't cross the finish line.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well I think you've hit the nail on the head. We still have half of the year to go. And so we've got a lot of initiatives underway as we've noted. We're still in the midst of the summer season that can continue to bring storm -- storm restoration challenges. So at this point, I think the most prudent realistic view is we're between $1.40 and $1.50.
Robert C. Skaggs: All right. Deluj thank you so much, and again to everyone that's participated on the call, we appreciate your interest, your support. And to everyone, we look forward to seeing you on September 12, either in person or virtually. So thanks, have a good day. Appreciate your interest. Thanks.
