Steve Smith: Yes, hi, this is Steve. About $10 million of that 19 million is due to pension, and the balance is due to other factors.
Steve Smith: Well, you had various employee and administrative costs that was about $7 million of the $19 million, and then the balance was higher taxes and other, which was driven primarily by higher property taxes and increased depreciation.
Steve Smith: Those three items primarily drove the $19 million, the pension, the employee and admin cost, and then higher taxes, other and depreciation.
Steve Smith: Well, as we look through the balance of the year, primarily where we are today is about 80% funded. Our return on assets has been what we had anticipated and protected it would be based on our assumptions. You are right to point out that the discount rate has dropped from year-end 2009, but again I would point out that what really matters is where the discount rate is at the end of the year. And as the discount rate moves around, if it is lower at the end of the year, it will drive a higher liability, if it is higher it will drive a lower liability. So we won’t know exactly where we end up. We have to wait until the end of the year before we can run all the analyses to figure out where our pension expense will be for 2011, and where our cash funding will be for 2011. But I will point out and emphasize that based on where we are relative to our asset performance, it is in line with our expectations.
Bob Skaggs: I would just mention again that pension for the most part reflects a catch-up that was recorded in 2009, but really benefited 2009 results.
Bob Skaggs: No, really again it reflects that last year was benefited by an extraordinary reduction in pension expense. You might recall that Columbia of Ohio had a rate ruling, a rate provision that allowed to defer pension expenses. So in the third quarter of last year, they really deferred nine months worth of pension expense.
Bob Skaggs: And I would say, just as a general statement that we don’t consider any of these increases to be a systemic problem. There are consistent with plan. They reflect our ongoing operations.
Bob Skaggs: The base game plan is to file a NIPSCO electric rate case two during the fourth quarter. That is the base plan.
Bob Skaggs: However, we are in discussions with the stakeholders around rate case one. Those discussions are global in nature, and could encompass a resolution that might eliminate the need to file that second rate case. And again, I would use caution in my formal remarks, I would use caution, if I speak with you and others that these discussions are ongoing. They are fluid, they are touching on many issues, and they may or may not be successful. So, again, the game plan is to file that second-rate case ASAP during the fourth quarter.
Bob Skaggs: No, more than happy to just touch on sensitivities for 2011 without getting into a outlook, earnings outlook discussion. But certainly the economy will continue to be a key sensitivity throughout the market area, but in particular in Indiana, Northwest Indiana. We do have some sensitivity around the Columbia Gulf rate case. We also have sensitivities around our optimization business, both at pipeline and at gas distribution, although we don’t rely on that business, it is a big earnings generator. At the margin it does play a role. And then just the ongoing issues around NIPSCO electric, can we provide additional clarity on that, can we firm up ’11 and ’12. Those are the key sensitivities that would hit my top four, top.Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. But – and I appreciate all of that, but within there, there is nothing of that necessarily you are looking at where you sit today that you say, wow, this factor right here looks like it is really going south, for instance, in 2011. The economy, knock on wood, perhaps is stabilizing et cetera, et cetera.
Bob Skaggs: We know that – the new chair, obviously he hasn’t been in the chair but several weeks. But we have experienced with him a state legislator in Indiana, as the lead at the department of insurance in Indiana. His reputation and his work has again been very balanced, thoughtful and constructive. So we hold him in high regard and believe that he is going to operate the commission in that manner. Again, all indications are that they are working hard in processing cases, and ensuring the commission is working.Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, it has just been the ongoing solid performance of all of business units. They have been on top of their plan. They have not exceeded for the first nine months. At this point, we just have strong confidence that they are going to be in the $1.00 to $1.25, and you are correct, we do weather normalized.
Bob Skaggs: Well, again thanks everyone for your participation this morning, and your interest, and we will talk to you as developments unfold. Thank you.
