Robert Skaggs: Well, just a couple of prefacing it observations. Number one, as you and virtually everybody else knows, it’s the first case that we’ve had at NIPSCO Electric in over 20 years. The case covers everything, from A to Z, and one central feature or issue in the case has been rate design and cost allocation, and again, that was litigated as well as everything in the case was litigated. So to say the obvious, complex, involved case that the parties needed to go through in great detail. So that’s an introductory of sorts. I’d also make the observation that the commission has only had the case now for about six months, and their typical deliberating process endures or continues for about six months, so I think we’re still within the window of that decision making process, and as I said in my prepared remarks, we expect an order yet this quarter.
Robert Skaggs: Again, I tried to indicate. I think they’re going through their normal deliberating process. It’s a big, complex case and so I think it’s just part of the normal process. We don’t read anything into it, negative or positive, and again we expect a decision within the short term.
Robert Skaggs: Yes. We would like to get this case in hand. We’d like to be able to digest it, and we’d also like to preview the follow up case with our stakeholders. So it does almost by definition delay. We will not delay indefinitely, but again we expect the commission to act within a short period of time and the second case will follow closely thereafter.
Robert Skaggs: Hey Carl, welcome aboard! [Laughter.]Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: I’m actually still with BMO last I checked.
Robert Skaggs: No, I’m sorry, I may have misunderstood the question. At the gas distribution companies, just for clarity’s sake, about $10 million came from the rate design change at Columbia Gas of Ohio. Okay? And we had a bit of an uptick in off system sales between $10 million and $15 million at the gas distribution companies. I wouldn’t attribute it to basis per se. It was a bit opportunistic and so I’d separate it from that.
Robert Skaggs: Yeah, that was a legal reserve that was reflected earlier in revenue and now we’ve taken a reserve on it.
Robert Skaggs: Well, number one, Carl, we always try to give you our best shot on an earnings outlook, so we always try to shoot straight with that. But you really hit the nail on the head. We have this huge, and I’ll say it again, huge, rate case pending that as you know has many, many, many moving parts. Now we’ve tried to model and give the market our best take on that, but in all fairness to us and the process, again it’s a huge, complex case that is extremely difficult to model. And that’s the primary reason that we’re staying with what we’ve given you so far on the outlook.
Robert Skaggs: Yeah, really what we’ve attempted to do is to take the opportunity to step up our maintenance, and I highlighted in my remarks our Integrity Management Program, so that’s what’s really driving the bump in that spending, and give or take it’s between $7 million to $8 million. That’s the bump that we’ve incurred.
Robert Skaggs: They were about $3.5 million. And just for everybody on the call, in Indiana, like much of the Midwest, there were a series of very, very heavy storms and so about $3.5 million to restore customer service in the aftermath of those strikes, storms.
Robert Skaggs: Yeah, it’s certainly better than what we had anticipated. Better than what we reflected in our outlook. From our perspective it’s still slow. If anything we expect it to slow down a bit for the balance of the summer and into the balance of the third quarter. So like many of our brother and sister utilities in this area, we’re seeing flickers, but nothing that we would ever characterize as sustained uptick.
Robert Skaggs: We certainly expect the auction to reduce our off system sales capability in Ohio. And when we provide guidance and now look in 2011 we’ll give you a little bit more color and detail. But that will be the key sort of impact to watch when we guide for ’11. 
Robert Skaggs: Well, I’ve got to think about that for a moment, but no, because of, when it was implemented in 2009, and I can’t recall exactly when it was implemented, but I think you will see part of it in the third quarter, and you’ll certainly see quarter to quarter it was definitely in during the fourth quarter of 2009.
Robert Skaggs: If you get me, because I believe we implemented, I can’t recall when we implemented in 2009 quite frankly, but I’m sure it was in towards the latter part of the year.
Robert Skaggs: And by the way, we’ll ask Randy to follow up with you on that, because we’re relying on my memory and I just can’t nail that.
Robert Skaggs: Yeah, at this point we continue to monitor closely the MLP IPO activity, but as I mentioned at Investor Day on July 22, we’ve taken that off the table for the time being. Again, we continue to monitor, we see some advantages in the approach, but for us we’re taking it off the table for the time being.
Robert Skaggs: Well, let me just talk a little bit about financing. Number one, and again I mentioned this during Investor Day, our first and foremost consideration is do we have value-enhancing franchise-enhancing investments? Is the inventory good? Is the inventory of investments compelling? And as you know we’ve been striving to increase the spend, annual spend, to about $1 billion a year, so that’s first and foremost as we think about things.  And then we move to financing, and literally we have not made a decision on how, what, when, where and the like. We continue to study that. We continue to consider our financing options, but we’ve just made no decision in that regard. When we, though, begin the process of looking at financing and perhaps pulling the trigger on financing, there are certain key principles that we’re going to measure against. Number one is what really Paul mentioned earlier, 3% to 5% earnings per share growth. That’s the first commitment. The second commitment is to our current dividend level of $0.92, and the third point that we’re committed to is the investment-grade credit rating. So that’s where our thinking is, and that’s the process and the standards we’re going to measure any decision against.
Robert Skaggs: Yeah, it’s very difficult to predict with precision. I go back to the point that I made, though with Paul at the outset, that the commission has had this case now for give or take six months, and I think Indiana practice has been to decide major cases and proceedings within a six to nine month time frame. We know that the commission has held one executive session to consider the case, or to consider the decision making process in the case. We know that they are working hard on this case, and have been working hard on that case. So all indications, based on history, based on the flurry of activity we see, that the six to nine month decision making framework is probable.
Robert Skaggs: That’s correct. But we will move with dispatch. We’ll give ourselves a bit of time to digest, socialize, and follow the follow-on.
Robert Skaggs: Thank you operator and thanks again everyone for your participation, your interest and support of NiSource. Again, I would just put a pitch in for our recent Investor Day work and the materials that are available on NiSource.com. If you haven’t had a chance to look at those I think it would be worth you taking a look at the materials, the transcript and the presentations. So with that, thank you and have a good day. 
