Robert Skaggs: Sure, Paul. Maybe just a pressing comment or 2. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're active in settlement discussions. We're in the midst of a round of one-on-one discussions, small group discussions. The discussions have gone according to plan. As you've heard me comment on several occasions, this is going to require concerted, concentrated efforts. But so far, so good. Process wise, we believe we're still up in that sweet spot or that window of time, where we believe we can reach a resolution. There's another round of evidentiary hearings scheduled for mid-month. That will again involve NIPSCO witnesses [ph] talking about cost allocation, rate design and the like. The intervener stakeholders are then slated to present their testimony. I believe it's in August, give or take, Paul. So we believe between now and August, Labor Day, we have that window of opportunity to work with the stakeholders and they continue to be responsive, constructive and we're working hard at achieving that settlement.
Robert Skaggs: We stay very balanced about the prospects of settlement. As I've, again, repeatedly said, this case is challenging because it involves cost allocation, which requires a shifting of dollars among customer classes. And again, that's heavy lifting. So realistic approach to this, we have a fair shot at getting a summon. We're approaching it creatively. And I'm still relatively optimistic. I've also said that the second track of this proceeding is litigation. We feel very, very good about that track, we feel very, very good about our position. I would note that we've just seen the Commission issue a fairly significant rate decision in a vectoring case. We believe that decision is instructive, constructive and frankly, helpful to our litigation position. So we go down both tracks in a realistic and concerted effort, Paul.
Robert Skaggs: Yes. As I mentioned, those rates went into effect subject to refund on May 1. Like Columbia Gas Transmission and many of the interstate pipelines, it's primarily a fixed variable rate design. So once those rates are -- they have gone in effect, but once they are deemed just and reasonable, we collect those on a fixed variable basis, so they're spread fairly evenly throughout the year.
Robert Skaggs: Yes, let me start on the electric side. As you've observed, the numbers are relatively strong. They're certainly being led by the steel manufacturers in the region. And, James, sure you've seen some of the announcements from U.S. Steel and Mills about a relatively bullish outlook on demand through the first 3 quarters of the year. And again, those outlooks are being reflected in their production in this region. You mentioned that we were up considerably quarter-to-quarter. We're also up fairly strongly first quarter compared to the fourth quarter of 2010. So again, we're seeing a reasonably good amount of strength in that area. I just remind you and everybody that our plan assumes a very measured, relatively slow recovery of the economy. So our outlook's not premised on a spike in demand. And, again, we're encouraged by this but our plan's not predicated on this being sustained over the near term. Paul, I'm sorry, Jay, you also mentioned gas volumes. And again, you see some pretty good strength across the footprint on industrial manufacturing throughput. So again, we're encouraged, the plan is not predicated on those sorts of increases continuing, but we feel pretty good about where we stand. And just one other editorial, and I know you recognize that on the industrial side, particularly on the gas side of our business, the margins for incremental throughput are relatively thin, relatively thin. So you're not going to see huge pops in revenue associated with that. And I'd also say on the electric side, we need the strength in the economy. We certainly enjoy the strength in the production. But again, a lot of the margin revenues are not being driven by those industrial increases.
Robert Skaggs: We think going forward over the next couple of years, our target, and we've been fairly clear on this, is to spend about $200 million a year in the Marcellus region. On, relatively speaking, small bite sized projects that debottleneck, add capacity and the like. This year, we're going to spend about $150 million in the region. We believe we're on track for that spend. And the vast majority of the spend will continue to be on those bite size, smaller projects to enable the production to get to a liquid point as quickly as possible. Like you, we see the region continuing to be active, and we continue to work with the key players in the region: Range, CONSOL, MarkWest and others.
Robert Skaggs: Yes, this is a NIPSCO electric. By the way, I don't believe it is, yes, it is in the Q, sure it would be in the Q. This is a NIPSCO electric, and during a routine scrub of our regulatory assets at NIPSCO, we discovered a relatively few old and relatively old deferrals of NIPSCO environmental cost that we just didn't believe are recoverable. And I'd just emphasize a couple of things. Nonrecurring, this is not a go-forward problem with environmental cost, this is not a go-forward problem with the environmental cost recovery tracker in Indiana.
Robert Skaggs: You could just take a close look at the numbers. But let me give you the negatives and the positives when I think about NGT&S for the quarter and for the year, and you mentioned a couple of them. We had the storage gas sale first quarter of 2010. Our optimization business, park and loan business continues to be flat or down a bit. And then there's also a interest increase that occurred at Millennium as they firmed up their financing. Again, these are unusual out of the ordinary sorts of occurrences, I think, that do skew the quarter a bit. But when you drill down and look on the NGT&S numbers, several notable pluses and takeaways that continue for the balance of the year and going forward. Number one, you'll see demand and commodity revenues are up in a very positive fashion, again reflecting projects, re-contracting and the like. You'll also see that volumes are up considerably. And third, their underlying expense structure continues to be well-managed, aggressively managed. And then last but not least, beginning in May, we have the lift from the Columbia Gulf rate case. We'll reserve a portion of that case, but nonetheless, we'll have a significant lift coming in. So again, when you cut through a bit of the noise and look at the key fundamentals, demand, commodity, volumes, expenses, regulatory activity and then the projects that we're working on, we feel good about NGT&S and where it stands.
Robert Skaggs: Yes, on the last one, we believe the market is still favorable to get commitments and structure arrangements that we feel meet our risk profile. In the way of what the producers are looking for and you touched on most of those, but it's a gathering, quasi gathering, debottlenecking, getting gas to liquid points, where they can monetize as quickly and effectively as they can. We do believe that there will be opportunities for processing and the like, liquid handling and the like. That hasn't necessarily been our sweet spot. Would we consider opportunities to enable or to leverage our ongoing investments in the area? Sure. But they're going to have to meet our risk return profile. And again, we do believe there are opportunities in that region. We've said this consistently, we don't see production levels at levels that would support large scale, long line expansion projects. We do believe though as production grows, and we do have more critical mass, the gas will go further downstream, we'll seek markets that will require larger scale investments. But for the time being, the bite size, access providing sorts of projects, that's where we'll continue to focus.
Robert Skaggs: It would be the latter sort of consideration. But, Carl, if I could maybe I'll just give you a bit of an overview and a perspective from management on growth projects at NGT&S. Without a doubt, without a question, the primary focus is going to be leveraging this Marcellus opportunity that we have. That's job 1, 2 and 3. And as you recognize, that's a supply push, a producer push sort of opportunity. We are not going to predicate our entire growth on supply push, so we are looking for demand opportunities on system, adjacent to the system. So we are going to continue to look at demand opportunities. I mentioned the one power generation project that we are actively advancing. That's a good example of continuing to focus on the demand side of the market. The opportunity that you mentioned is called Kennesaw. And again, it represents demand focused opportunity for us. It's a potential opportunity to provide an outlet or another market for Marcellus gas. As you suggested, this project is in the early, early stage of development. So that's one of the reasons it's not reflected in our formal comments today because we're actively working the market to determine whether this has a real potential for us. So that's the overview on where we stand. This project is a long-term sort of look. And I'd just close out by saying our tenants for growth remain the same. And anything we do is going to be focused, is going to be disciplined. Project, or projects will be 100% contracted for. And as you know, we try to actively risk manage projects through the use of structured arrangements, joint venture partners or whatever. So a little bit of an overview and a little bit of color around how we regard demand projects.
Robert Skaggs: We certainly believe that would be a help. But maybe I could just go to the Millennium point. The timing of the expansion, 12 to 24 months is the window for this expansion. We do believe that there are additional opportunities to effectuate very economic expansions of Millennium. So we believe, down the road, there could be additional phases, and so consider this maybe Phase 1 of that expansion. To PENNSTAR, we've been consistent in saying we believe this a 2014 project, part of the softening of gas prices has moved that back a year or so. Clearly, opportunities for additional capacity on Millennium, I think, enhance the position of the PENNSTAR.
Robert Skaggs: I didn't hear your first point. I heard something about the power gen? The size of that project is roughly $40 million, give or take.
Robert Skaggs: Let me check. I believe these are all weather normalized that you're looking at on NGT&S and in fact, for the other units. And so from my perspective, it's been increased demand and utilization of our facilities.
Robert Skaggs: Yes, that's right. It's basic usage. Now again, I would remind you, the margins are very thin because the pipeline, both Columbia Gas Transmission and Columbia Gulf are fixed variable pipelines, so the contribution from that throughput is nominal.
Robert Skaggs: It was demand-driven. It was about 14%. It was production from manufacturing, steel producers and the like in the region.
Robert Skaggs: We believe it will be flattish. There are suggestions that the fourth quarter, we're going to see a drop off as the production cycle begins to wind down. Again, we're just very conservative on the outlook for continued growth in that area. We've been pleasantly surprised. But again, the plan is not really predicated on sustaining these sorts of growth rates for these levels.
Robert Skaggs: Fee based. Fee based. We've been religious about our approach to the business and about maintaining an appropriate risk profile. So our center of gravity, our bias is fee based activities.
Robert Skaggs: We consider that incremental. Again, the objective is in the Marcellus region, on annual basis to deploy $200 million.
Robert Skaggs: Well, Keep your, as I suggested in my prepared remarks, keep your eyes peeled for a FERC certificate filing for that project within a relatively short period of time.
Robert Skaggs: What we've been saying this, over the next 1 to 4 years, we'd like to spend $200 million a year in Marcellus on the smaller, debottlenecking aggregation sorts of projects. So that's what the $2 million (sic) [$200 million] is about. When you get further downstream, power, LDC markets and other demand areas, that would be outside of the $200 million.
Robert Skaggs: Thank you, Laura. And thanks to everyone for participating this morning. We appreciate your engagement and your ongoing support of NiSource. We'll see you soon. Thank you.
