Donald Brown: Thanks, Joe. And good morning everyone. Looking at our 2019 results on Slide 4, we had a non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $495 million or $1.32 per share, compared to net operating earning about $463 million, or $1.30 per share in 2018. The biggest drivers of our 2019 non-GAAP financial performance compared to 2018 were higher net revenue due to the impact of our long-term infrastructure modernization investments, which were offset by increased safety related spending and higher financing costs due largely to the greater Lawrence incident.  Now turning the Slide 5, I would like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of December 31was about $9.6 billion of which about $7.7 billion was long-term debt. The weighted average maturity on our long-term debt was approximately 17 years, and weighted average interest rate is approximately 4.4%.  At the end of the fourth quarter, we maintain net available liquidity of about $1.4 billion consisting of cash and available capacity under a credit facility and our accounts receivable securitization program. Our credit rating from all three major rating agencies are investment grade, and we are committed to maintaining our current investment grade rating.  I would now like to turn to Slide 6, which covers our financing plan for long-term growth investments. The agreement for purchase price of $1.1 billion in cash subject to adjustment based on Columbia Gas, Massachusetts net working capital as of the closing, the purchase price represents a loss compared to the book value of Columbia Gas in Massachusetts. As a result of the asset sale transaction, we no longer expect to pursue our previously plan 2020 block equity issue. Our current plan which is focused on providing funding for ongoing safety and infrastructure investment programs as approximately $500 million of long-term debt in 2020 and continues to include annual equity in the range of $200 million to $300 million from our aftermarket or ATM equity issuance programs as well as $35 million $60 million from our employee stock purchase and other programs.  As Joe mentioned. Due to the timing of this transaction, we are withdrawing our 2020 non-GAAP net operating earnings per share guidance of a $36 to a $40 however, we continue to expect to make capital investments at $1.8 billion to $9 billion in 2020. Following the completion of the transaction, we expect to initiate 2021 net operating earnings per share guidance and establish a 5% to 7% long-term growth rate for both net operating earnings per share and dividends with 2021 at the base year.  Speaker 0 01:37 Just new long-term growth rate is also expected to be extended beyond 2022 to include significant investments related to the Company’s electric generation strategies. As we worked through the impact of the sale like factoring in the elimination of the block equity dilution, the loss of CMA earnings, and the expected synergies we believe that at a minimum, the 2021 baseline is expected to be at or above our withdrawn 2020 guidance. Now, I will turn the call back to Joe for a few infrastructure investment and regulatory highlights. 
Donald Brown: Well I don't want to start providing sensitivity around that. I would say that we are comfortable at that range for 2021, which is why we have given it. But at the same time we think there is ability to be above that range and have growth off of that 2020 range.
Donald Brown: Yes, Charles definitely. We see if you look at the current RFP and the team just did a public meetings, a virtual meeting on that and shared some of the indicative bid ranges around that and you can see from that that solar is very much in the hunt for the future portfolio here. Solar and storage, both.
Donald Brown: Yes, that is still on-track. And we had from the IURC the final approval, if you want to call it that of the directors report in the IRP that supports the overall plans, as well as the rate case outcome that accelerated depreciation of the existing coal fleets consistent with the early retirement. So we have seen all of the right regulatory support for the plan that we have put forward.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks Shar. So we think there are opportunities to mitigate that. We are starting to work on that plan. But as I stated, when you look at a loss of the earnings, although Massachusetts CMA was not earning its allowed return on its rate base. But we do move that impacts of those earnings. We will have some dis-synergies and we will start working on a plan there to offset and mitigate some of those dis-synergies. But, as we stated and you have as well, we will not need to issue that equity which was help to minimize solution. We will go out to the rating agencies this spring, and show them our plan and talk about the financing plan going forward. And so I think we will need a few quarters or so to really to develop this plan, get closer to a transaction close. And understanding the timing of that, as well as just the transition. Looking at have closed by the end of the third quarter. But we also expect that there is going to be a transition of up to a couple years to transition the business over to Eversource. And so we need to take all of those items into account. Having said that, we are confident that at a minimum will be at or above this year's guidance, but certainly see the opportunity to do better. And it is in our interest to do better as you would expect.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes, I would say it is too early to say exactly what that financing program will be. That will be part of our discussions with the rating agency as well as the board this spring to talk about how to finance what the size of those investments are and how we finance that. Certainly the ATM program has been a very good program for us. But depending on the timing and size of those investments, the financing program will have to match up. And we expect that we will provide more details later in the year round that plan.
Joseph Hamrock: So we had goodwill on the book that we wrote off as of 12-31, as well as there was an intangible asset on our books related to the safe state gas purchase by NiSource back in 1999 or 1998. Both of those amounts are written off. It is about $415 million write off that we did take a 1231 this year.
Joseph Hamrock: Not at this point. I think what we are trying to do is develop a plan to help mitigate those synergies. Obviously you can't eliminate them all because we have lost, we will lose scale in our business, but what we are attempting to do is build a plan that offsets and mitigates that.
Joseph Hamrock: That is right. So if you look at the, there is still ongoing investigations in Massachusetts with the DPU that we are working with the DPU. Our hope and goal is to help those investigations resolved by the close of the transaction with Eversource. Got you, thank you very much.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. So if you take the premise that you stated around the loss of the CMA earnings offset by the dilution, and then so both offset and then we have got some disengages from the loss of scale. There is a potential net negative from this transaction. And then that is, as I said, is part of what we are working through to develop a plan, and it is really too early to give specific guidance around 2021. But otherwise we would have expected to me, our 5% to 7% earnings per share and dividends per share growth guidance off of 2020.
Joseph Hamrock: Greg, what other detail to give without giving you exact numbers that at this point we don't have we are working through those details. But again, we look at where we committed to for 2020net guidance, our plan all along 5% to 7% off of that. As you stated in Julian and think others, we are under earning in Massachusetts we lose that. That was that full run rate earning allowed return about 8% to 10% of our business not earning Matt. That dilutions does all said most of the impact of losing those earnings, but there is certainly the impact of the synergies that we have got. That will remain with the business that for the for the mouth that we can't mitigate for offset through other ways. And so it is for me, that is the simple math in terms of the growth and the opportunity to grow going forward. Because otherwise our operating companies are strong. They are earning their allowed returns. we are continuing to make the investments and that is actually why we didn't change our capital investments guidance. We continued to invest, in our program about one point $9 billion in that will continue going forward and ultimately that is what drives our earnings growth.
Joseph Hamrock: This is Joe. I think you hit the big more than the work we are doing with the generation replacement. The RFPs that are well underway, is the key item that will drive our longer term guidance, particularly beyond 2021. And we do expect to see more clarity on that quarter by quarter, probably as we step through this year. The other thing I would say is the important point, overarching and underpinning what Donald's been talking about is the resilience of the nicer, worse business plan. When you look at all the other States and the capital deployment there and the strong regulatory mechanisms we are in that sort of season of looking at the regulatory cycle rate cases, and that would be the space to watch as we go through the remainder of 2020 just the regulatory actions that we would expect to see a bill that will kind of set the stage for 2021 and beyond.
Joseph Hamrock: I agree. We work through our safety management program and start to look at investments across our system and how to prioritize those investments. We are confident that that overall CapEx guidance range is not going to change. Again, we will provide more clear guidance and direct guidance, probably around the third quarter of this year. But certainly we have resiliency and strength in our remaining states to continue this growth.
Joseph Hamrock: As you think about it Andy, it is really our shared costs across our corporate services and customer services that we need to develop a plan to help offset those dis-synergy as that we have got. Operating across seven states both from the gas side, we have got some shared gas services as well as just our typical accounting finance IT corporate services, that we allocate the costs across to our seven operating companies.
Joseph Hamrock: I think that is all of the above, both from a recovery from other States as well as continuing to find opportunities to be lower cost and more efficient.
Joseph Hamrock: That is right. Yes. We will be looking at that as well at the opportunity to do that and have that capital go into those other States into their tracker programs.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you Detamora, and thank you all for joining us. In closing, I would like to reiterate that our deep focus on providing value for our customers and our shareholders through comprehensive investments and programs that drive safety and risk mitigation remains at the center of our focus. And we appreciate your support and ongoing interest in NiSource and we look forward to engaging with you in the weeks and months ahead. Have a safe day. Thank you.
Charles Fishman: If we could just move to CapEx for a minute, If I have the numbers, right, you have actually moved up the CapEx rays for 2020 $100 million. Is that correct I got that right.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then you pull 2021 and 2022 or at least you are going to wait a quarter. And then you will give us some guidance. But I would think, with the kind of long term programs you have with pipe replacements, and things, and the frameworks you have in place and actually probably Massachusetts was your weakest we should be confident that that $1.7 billion to $2 billion annual EBIT was the old guidance for 2021 and 2022. It is not going to be through different from that.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then one sort of related investment question. A year ago I think are after the first round of RFP in Indiana, the big surprise was the cheap solar. And yet obviously, you are moving forward to wind. Is solar storming arising here getting out five years. You still see him as a viable option in Indiana. 
Charles Fishman: And then related to that. I don't have in front of me, but the pull closings that you accelerated. That is still on-track.
