Nick Campanella: Appreciate all the disclosures today. Good morning. So I guess, just to start, the renewables investment and ownership upside that you kind of highlighted on slides here, just how are you kind of thinking about the timing of layering that into the plan? And then I guess, Shawn, can you still sequence those cash flows from those projects to kind of do this without additional equity financing or just how are you kind of thinking about that? Thanks.
Nick Campanella: Got it. That’s helpful. And then I guess, just maybe sticking with financing. You’re clear in slides that it’s an ATM strategy for 2024, but it does seem in the prepared remarks that you’re open to doing something more kind of bilateral. Can you just kind of explain the thought there and where you stand.
Nick Campanella: Hey, it’s Nick Campanella again. I just had a quick follow-up, if you don’t mind. Just I’m looking through your regulatory kind of outlook slides here, and I just wanted to know if you’re still planning to file a rate case in Pennsylvania this year.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Then, Nick, this is Shawn to the second part of your question. I think the way we’ve described the future financing plan associated with any of the upside CapEx is that we would need to evaluate the cash flow profile of the projects, in this case, the two renewables projects that Michael’s described that you asked about would have some assistance from PTC monetization over the plan horizon. It also would come with a higher depreciation rate relative to some of the alternative investments. Those have the ability to help the cash flow profile of the business. That said, construction timelines, regulatory recovery, and obviously the approval from the IURC would all play into the fact of how we would finance those projects, which is why we’ve described a potential modest increase associated with the ATM to maintain the capital structure when we access the upside CapEx plan.
Shawn Anderson: Yes, sure. We’ve studied our available trading days for the remainder of the year, and we’re confident the equity need is highlighted. It’s very executable under the ATM without placing any undue pressure on daily volumes. We’ve got strong sales agents set up to support the execution, and we’ll be highly engaged in this on a daily basis to ensure successful execution. And that our stock can realize the valuation uplift that we expect with our continued strong performance. That said, what we like about the ATM is it’s very low cost. It has low friction costs and transaction fees associated with it. It also allows us to dollar cost average, the access of equity to the timing by which that we would deploy the CapEx and line those cash flows up, which creates more efficiency throughout the year as opposed to a scenario where you might need to over finance or bring in more dollars than you need at any one point to deploy. So those are the things we like about the ATM. There are still ways inside the ATM to be able to line those fundamentals up. And we’re open to those options if it makes sense. But bottom line, we need to be very, very efficient from a cost basis standpoint and very much lined up with the timing of cash flows that we need to deploy to support our CapEx.
Shawn Anderson: So, Shar, we did a detail assessment. We did raise guidance. We said it in the past, we’re going to raise guidance. Our guidance for 2024 was based off of our strong performance in 2023. So if you think about the $1.60, the $1.70 to $1.74implies a 7.5% target for 2024. And we’re very comfortable with those guidance ranges. So we’re not necessarily guiding between the 6% and 8% at this point.
Shawn Anderson: Yes, absolutely, Durgesh. We have not executed anything under the 600 – up to $600 million ATM program anticipated for 2024. In fact, we had an ATM equity program expire at the end of 2023 and we’ll need to file a new ATM equity program to access the current guidance of up to $600 million. And we plan to do that very soon, which would give us the balance of year for us to be able to execute that equity plan. We described a potential bilateral or discrete agreement inside the context of the ATM. It wouldn’t be a private placement necessarily. However, some investors can solicit interest from sales agents directly and transact at greater than one share, for example, and that transaction would then be placed under the ATM. And certainly, we would be interested if investors are interested at an efficient pricing.
Shawn Anderson: Yes, that’s exactly correct. We’ll keep score along the way and we’ll certainly let folks know what we expect for the balance of the year and/or if any of the other aspects of the financing plan change, we’ll be sure to update the slide that you see in the disclosure doc deck today.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Thanks, Travis. This is Shawn. I think that what we would attribute the planned CapEx for gas is almost all planned for safety, reliability, and compliance work supporting our regulatory requirements from PHMSA and from the local PUCs that we support. So as we think about the gas CapEx, that’s the vast majority of the CapEx. We actually don’t plan for significant amount of future expansion costs into the CapEx guidance itself because we often see that those CapEx amounts can be supported by incoming revenues to support the cost of basis itself. So as we have incremental projects like we had in Ohio for Intel to help support a larger economic development project. We’ll work with local stakeholders, local mechanisms, and move those into the capital plan as necessary. Some of those are signaled on the slides that Michael shared from the upside plan itself. But the way I would think about it is nearly all of the CapEx that we spend from a gas standpoint, absent a small amount is driven for safety, compliance, reliability upgrades across our system.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. We do have mechanisms in different jurisdictions that enable recovery of whether you’re calling economic development type projects. We have legislation that’s supported in Ohio have had for a number of years to support economic development expansion as well as in Indiana. But some of the forward-look test years, such as that in Pennsylvania can enable us to project these types of projects, if we have line of sight to where economic development is going to come into place. And we can work through the regulatory mechanisms themselves or the rate cases themselves to ensure that we can get quick recovery or prompt recovery of those. So we haven’t seen economic development or business expansion be a drag on our earnings power across any of our businesses. And in fact, it often is one of the components that leads us to an upside within our range.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning. So, obviously, you rebased higher again today, and you have the $2 billion of upside CapEx that you’ve identified. But obviously that’s not reflected in your plan. It’s obviously, the messaging is pretty straightforward, right. You guys have confidence in the 6% to 8% growth. Are you comfortable guiding kind of where you are within the range you sit, the numbers seem to point closer to the top end. But as we’re thinking about the incremental opportunities, I guess, were you within the 6% to 8%? Thanks.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, perfect. That’s helpful. And then just on the next – just any status on the next NIPSCO case? Just trying to get a sense on how much renewable spending will likely be captured since the last case. Thanks.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, Lloyd. Yes. That was the impetus of the question. It’s just how do we think about the timing of the next electric? I think you answered it. Thanks, guys.
Lloyd Yates: Yes, just to reinforce that. Shar, it’s a great question, when we see signs from the business that will lead us to a different outcome. We’ve built a track record to flow those updates through this call. We’ve done so at various points. So we won’t wait to give you greater insight once we have a higher degree of confidence of exactly where we’re going to land within the range if we need to send that signal. But right now, 6% to 8% off of a strong 2023 year end is the plan.
Lloyd Yates: The way to think about the next electric case, Shar, is what we like to do is file that case, pretty much align with when we finish those renewable projects. And if you think about the last case, those renewable projects went in right before that case was executed. So I think we try to keep that gap really small. So that was to be dependent upon finishing those renewable projects. And right now they’re on time and on schedule. We have more information about that. We’ll file the electric case and we’ll let you guys know that as soon as possible.
Lloyd Yates: So let me talk about it this way. I don’t necessarily comment on any kind of specific M&A, but what I will say is, when you think about NiSource, we are always very diligently reviewing options to enhance shareholder value in our plan. But we’re currently focused on our organic plan, investing $16 billion at one times rate base with another potential upside to invest another $2 billion. If you go back to 2022, we did a lot of work here in terms of our business review and we see a couple of things that we like, and that is the scale at NiSource has tremendous value and we like the diversification of our six operating companies. You also saw us last year raise capital via – but you all raise capital via the NIPSCO transaction, what we thought was a very efficient process with respect – very efficient tax process with respect to taxes. So with all that being said, what I’ll say to you is, we are always looking to enhance shareholder value. And if we find an opportunity to raise capital more efficiently to improve our enterprise value, we plan to take advantage of it. But right now, we’re focused on our organic plan.
Lloyd Yates: So before I close, I want to take a minute here to thank Donald Brown. Donald is our EVP and Chief Innovation Officer, our former CFO. And after nearly a decade with NiSource, Donald informed us that he’ll be leaving the company to pursue other professional opportunities. I would say we’re extremely grateful to Donald for his service to NiSource and for helping us build a strong financial foundation and to help us evolve and execute our transformation strategy. And we wish him well in his future endeavors. I want to thank all of you for great questions and your support of NiSource and look forward to continue to update you on future business activities. Thank you very much.
