Robert Skaggs: Well, I think, you've covered all the key considerations that went into deepening and expanding the team. Number one, we remain very, very bullish on the Marcellus, particularly the wet region where our footprint sits atop that play. If you recall that our stated intention is to deploy about $200 million in that region of the Marcellus on an annual basis. This year, we're going to spend about $150 million. So we certainly want to ramp that up, accelerate it and hit the $200 million mark in that area. We continue to see opportunities, and the team's charge is to capture those opportunities. You also hit though on the other consideration and that's the emergence of the Utica play, particularly in Ohio and Western Pennsylvania -- Eastern Ohio and Western Pennsylvania. Again, I would suggest that we believe we have a great position with regard to facilities, our footprint acreage position. We are engaged. We're aggressive. We want to be on front of that emerging opportunity. So over the next 6, 12, 18 months as that region is defined or that opportunity is defined and drilling ramps up, we want to be there. We want to be very, very active.
Robert Skaggs: Not to a material extent. You're correct, there is competition. But we believe that the economics -- at least for our projects, the economics are holding up.
Robert Skaggs: Yes, we're still in the -- deep into the approval of process. There have been 2 rounds of testimony submitted to support the settlement agreement one set was -- by the company, by NIPSCO. A second set that I recommend you may take a look at is a very, very well done testimony by interveners that support the testimony. In about mid-August, we'll see another submission of testimony. There's one group that does not support the settlement, so we'd expect to see that circa mid-August. Then in mid-September, there will be a hearing on the settlement against the document, the agreement and to move it to the next step. And as you know and recall, the settlement provides for commission approval by year end. So that's what everyone is working on is to secure that approval, so that rates can go into effect the first of 2012.
Robert Skaggs: Yes, I will just make a couple of observations. Number one, it's a shoulder month -- or shoulder period, shoulder quarter on the gas side certainly on the electric side. So for us, it's hard to draw many firm conclusions on what's going on in the residential and commercial fronts. Our assumption as we provided outlooks to the financial markets has been that the residential market would be relatively flat in terms of usage. We still believe that is the case. And I think from one quarter particularly as a shoulder quarter, it's hard to draw additional conclusions and insights beyond that. So we wouldn't read too much into it. Just to make a bit of an editorial comment about the economy in Northwest Indiana, it continues to be somewhat sluggish. We see a few signs of accelerated recovery but certainly nothing that we would consider to be a trend. As you indicated, the industrial volumes look pretty good for the quarter. But again, we would just say that we believe the recovery is going to be very slow, very measured. Our plan reflects that. Our plan does not reflect any robust recovery in any of the usages or deliveries in the entire footprint.
Robert Skaggs: Yes. Let me just be clear on the management team and the addition of folks at NGT&S for the midstream. There weren't changes. We are building, supplementing, augmenting the team. And so that's what that was about as opposed to "changes". It was really bolstering a good team that we have in place. In terms of MLP and structure right now, we feel like we do have the appropriate structure. I've consistently mentioned that the MLP is on our radar screen. We continue to monitor, review and consider that and other structures. But for the time being, we believe we have the proper structure in place to optimize the opportunities.
Robert Skaggs: Yes, they're relatively small. In total, it's about $35 million of investments. Smithfield and WB are in the $14 million to $15 million zip code. Rimersburg, at least the first phase of Rimersburg, is about $6 million.
Robert Skaggs: Yes, it's about $20 million a year is what we're going to be spending on that program, so $20 million a year. And that is incremental, Paul, just to be clear.
Robert Skaggs: Well, we believe it certainly underscores, highlights, amplifies the inherent value of our assets. So it certainly reinforces what we believe to be true that our assets are extremely valuable. It certainly sharpens our focus to ensure that we have a solid business plan across all the business units and that we execute against that plan in a very aggressive way. And I would just maybe take a moment to add that with all 3 business units now positioned to grow consistently with what we believe are very, very deep inventory of investment opportunities at each of our business units, with we believe the opportunity to grow the dividend in the not-too-distant future and increase visibility of all of the businesses, we do believe that we have a runway for an increased valuation. I think you may have heard Steve, Glen and I talk to you and others about headroom on the multiple of our value. And then going forward, we believe that we ought to be valued more closely to high-quality gas LDCs. And if you look at those valuations, you look at a sum of the parts -- sum of a parts analysis of NiSource, there's probably 2 turns of value -- multiple value that we need to go after. So we're going to be making that case. And again, the clarity that we have now at NIPSCO, the increased inventories we have at all the units, we think we can make a compelling case for additional shareholder value.
Robert Skaggs: We certainly are focused, number one, two, three and four, in the regulatory process in Indiana. So we need to work through that process with our stakeholders, and we'll be back to you later on additional discussions.
Robert Skaggs: Yes, and $200 million a year in the Marcellus is not a cap, Jay. It's a near-term target to get the spend up. And obviously, we preached and will continue to preach disciplined and focused investments. So when we say $200 million, it's not a cap, it's a near-term objective. We certainly would do more if we see projects that make sense financially and strategically. And I just want to remind you and everybody else that it was only 3, 4 years ago that across NiSource we were just purely in a maintenance mode. And our CapEx spend was roughly $0.5 billion. In very quick order, we've ramped it up to $1.1 billion. So we have just -- we've blown up, we're very quickly. We want to take it to the next level. Building the team is one step of many to do that. And again, I'll just re-emphasize that we will grow as fast as the opportunities and the financial flexibility and the discipline allow us to do it, no artificial constraints.
Robert Skaggs: Yes. I think that's the zip code. If we see more projects, it could bump above. If we don't see projects that fit our perspective, then it might be a little bit less.
Robert Skaggs: Yes, the focus has been on the business plan and making sure that we have a business plan that's robust, we can execute against. And that's been the primary focus, has been fixing these businesses and repositioning them. We've seen the market respond favorably to the work that we've done. And we think if we continue to focus on growth, take a look at the dividend, provide more visibility and, as I said, make the argument, which we think we can in a convincing way that we have value headroom when you look at the company. We think that's going to be in the shareholder interest.
Robert Skaggs: Right now, the focus is -- it's always shareholder focused, Jay. You know that. And right now, we don't have assets up for sale. We love the portfolio, and we love the business plan. And the focus is going to be increasing valuation.
Robert Skaggs: Yes, stay tuned. The team is hard at work. Again, a constructive group of stakeholders have made great progress, I would say sooner rather than later. And we hope to wrap this up by year's end.
Robert Skaggs: The heart of the strategy continues to be fee-based, Carl. We would certainly consider activities back to the wellhead, but I would underscore our orientation. Our bias is fee-based versus commodity exposure. But we would be interested in playing across the entire chain.
Robert Skaggs: I would say over the next 3 to 4 years, we would be approaching $0.5 billion in spend. So it's accelerated compared to where we were maybe a year ago, Carl. But I would say over the last, gosh, 9 months, 6 months, we've been talking in terms of a spend that we would front-load almost $500 million. That's consistent with the settlement agreement that we reached with the EPA. And that agreement consequently has been consistent with the new regulations that the EPA has issued. Now those are ballpark numbers, but order of magnitude, that's directionally correct.
Robert Skaggs: Well, I'd say at the outset to be determined. We need to engage the board, although the board has been keenly interested in the dividend, and when we can resume growth, we need to engage the board on specifics. What we've said internally and externally is we've taken note of the peers -- many of our peers who are in a payout range of 60% to 70%, obviously midpoint 65%. Some have talked in terms of that payout ratio. Some of them have talked in terms of annual growth. We just haven't made that decision yet. First things first, we need to finish our process here in Indiana with NIPSCO and then take up that consideration.
Robert Skaggs: Yes. Let me maybe begin on the technical side, and Steve can certainly supplement my comments. Number one, we originally looked at the MLP as an opportunity. We, in fact, filed with the SEC for the opportunity. We were looking at small, organic, discrete drop-down projects that would build a small MLP. Again, the growth that, that opportunity 3 or 4 years ago, small individualized projects that were discrete. As the market has changed and the growth profile has changed, we're now seeing growth projects on our system that are integrated, intertwined with our system. They tend to be add-ons, bolt-ons, debottlenecking, looping, added compression on existing facilities, and those projects haven't been amenable to a small drop-down strategy. So we have not seen, technically speaking, a good fit for the MLP when we look at our current growth profile, and I would emphasize current growth profile. Again, we're not discounting this out of hand. When we looked at other forms of the MLP, we've had a concern because of tax basis. Our current assets are very, very low, tax-based assets, so that's been a consideration. Last but not least, and it's less of a -- may in certain quarters be less of an issue today than it was previously is credit agency concern. And 2 years ago, 3 years ago, of course, credit rating concerns were acute. And we felt that an MLP might disturb the view of the credit rating agencies around NiSource. So that gives you some of the key considerations that we've had to deal with in the past, and that we currently are dealing with.
Robert Skaggs: Again, we would consider those sort of structure as opportunities unfold. We've used JVs in situations such as the Millennium Project, Hardy Storage Project or in a joint development arrangement with UGI on the PENNSTAR project. So situation by situation, we would consider JVs. And if they fit, we'd certainly go down that track.
Robert Skaggs: Yes, let me start with the overall view on acreage. We do have extensive acreage in Ohio and Pennsylvania. The acreage tends to be associated with storage fields. And the strata cover tends to be relatively extensive. In the past, we've had 3 arrangements where we have leased acreage. It's been Marcellus acreage as opposed to any other strata or rights. So we retained a fairly significant footprint in Ohio and Pennsylvania that would have Utica opportunities. We've not yet defined with precision how many of those acres are in fact leasable. But I would suggest that they're significant.
Robert Skaggs: Yes, as we delineate our position and as the Utica becomes a little bit more clear and defined, we can give you better guidance on what that position looks like. And again, how many of the acres are in fact leasable because they are associated with storage. They have other considerations attached to them. And I'm a bit hesitant to give you a number when it lacks the precision and detail that really makes it meaningful to you.
Robert Skaggs: Crystal, thanks so much. And again, we want to thank you for your interest in NiSource, your support and your participation on this morning's call. Thanks, and we'll see you in the not-too-distant future.
