Donald Brown: Thanks Joe, and good morning, everyone. Before talking about our non-GAAP earnings, I just like to note that our 2018 GAAP results include our emergency response, system restoration and other expenses associated with the Greater Lawrence incident. Additionally, our current total estimates are significantly higher than estimates we provided with our third quarter results. We now estimate the total expense related to the greater Lawrence incident is approximately $1.1 billion. We also estimate $220 to $230 million in capital costs related to the distribution system replacement and associated restoration in the impacted communities. I would note that the prior estimates we provided were compiled in the early weeks after the incident before the complexity of the in-home restoration process was fully known. With service restored to substantially all customers in mid-December, we believe a bulk of the restoration costs are behind us. We have $800 million of casualty insurance coverage and $300 million of property insurance that we expect will recover a substantial portion of these costs. We started submitting claims in December and have recorded insurance recoveries of $135 million, which includes $5 million already collected during 2018.  As insurance recovery process moves forward, we plan to provide quarterly updates on our progress. More details of our current estimates are available on Slide 12, as well as schedule two of our earnings press release. Looking at our 2018 results on Slide 4, we delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $463 million or $1.30 per share compared with about $398 million or $1.21 per share in 2017. The biggest driver of our financial performance continues to be the impact of our long-term infrastructure modernization investments, supported by constructive regulatory outcome and established infrastructure trackers. Let's turn now to non-GAAP financial results for our business segments. Looking at Slide 6, our gas distribution and operations segment had operating earnings of about $565 million for 2018 compared with about $591 million in 2017. Operating earnings excluding the regulated revenue impact of tax reform were about $84 million more than a year, driven primarily by regulatory outcomes. Our electric operations segment, covered on Slide 7, reported operating earnings of about $369 million for 2018 compared with operating earnings of about $379 million in 2017. However, excluding the regulated revenue impact of tax reform, electric segment operating earnings were about $39 million more than a year ago, driven primarily by lower O&M expenses offset somewhat by lower industrial usage. Now turning to Slide 8, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level, total debt level as of December 31st, was about $9.1 billion, of which about $7 billion was long-term debt. The weighted average maturity on our long-term debt was approximately 19 years and weighted average interest rate was approximately 4.6%. At the end of the fourth quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $1 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility in our accounts receivable securitizations. Our credits rating from all three major rating agencies are investment grade and we're committed to maintaining our current investment grade rating. I'd now like to turn to Slide 9, which covers our financing plan for our long-term growth investments. I would note that our current financing plan can change based upon the timing of cash proceeds of insurance recoveries expected in 2019 and 2020. Our current plan continues to include annual equity in the range of $200 million to $300 million from at the market or ATM equity issuance program and $35 million to $60 million from our employee stock purchase and other programs, plus incremental long-term debt. As you know, we filed an ATM program with the SEC on November 1st. This is consistent with our approach to provide balanced predictable financing for our infrastructure investments. The current ATM program allows us to issue up to $500 million in equity through the end of 2020. Execution of our financing plan is expected to enhance our credit profile by strengthening our funds from operations to debt metric to the 14% to 15% range in 2019 and beyond. I would note that adjusting for the Greater Lawrence event we would have exceeded our 13% FFO to debt metric target in 2018. Now, I'll turn the call back to Joe who will discuss a few infrastructure investment and regulatory highlights.
Donald Brown: So if look at the capital and the growth up to $2 billion annually is really around two things. Part of it is in the electric business where we need to invest in transmission as we transition from the coal plants to the renewable plants in 2023 when those projects go online. I think the other large part is around some infrastructure investments to increase our gas line capacity in Ohio, so it's really transmission lines on Columbia Gas of Ohio over a couple of years, because we've had customer growth and we need to increase the capacity there. And then the third item is around some infrastructure or IT systems that we plan to modernize, really our core operating systems, our billing, our work management and asset management systems. So that's really the three big drivers of the growth and annual CapEx over that time period.
Donald Brown: So the financing plan we've got here through 2022 to $200 million and $300 million annually, it includes all those assumptions around this financing, as well as the higher CapEx included in our plan. The ATM program as you know $500 million program. And so if you think about it $200 million to $300 million a year that really would afford us for a couple of years of our equity needs to establish another…
Donald Brown: I think, it's too early. We certainly are -- we've talked about earnings guidance being and annual current earnings guidance, and so the 5% to 7% is off of 2019. And when we get the 2020, we will be able to guide there. But there is certainly potential within that range. If you think about what drives our earnings, its regulatory outcomes and infrastructure programs. And so I can't guide beyond where we are.
Donald Brown: Thank you for clarifying that. That is 5% to 7% earnings and dividends, so it's EPS and dividends growth rate.
Donald Brown: So customer have a couple of years, and I don’t know exactly what their time period is to file claims from the event. We've certainly have restored nearly all of our customers to have gas service. So the bulk of our expenses are behind us. We've got some restoration to do this summer once the winter end around streets and savings. There is also some appliances that we need to replace that we only fix some of the customers' appliances in the fall and winter time period, and promise them we would come back and replace those appliances in the summer. So as I look at what's left, it really is a much smaller part of our total expected $1.1 billion in expenses.
Donald Brown: So we've paid out most of it. I want to say that we are probably close to $1 billion -- 75% of the expenses have been paid out already.
Donald Brown: So based upon our conversations with our insurance providers, and we're working through it. And as you can expect, we've got a tower of insurance providers in the $800 million and one insurance provider in the $300 million property. We've got to work through each one of them to submit and substantiate claims, and that's going to be a lengthy process. So it’s hard for me to at this point given exact estimate of what we will recover through that process. However, we did hire an outside firm who specializes in claims. And they were actually on-site in early September to help make sure we have the right information in the right format to really expedite this process. So as I think about that from a financing standpoint and our expectations that's embedded in our financing plan, which includes the $200 million to $300 million of equity a year. The only caveat to that is part of that timing of recovery of the insurance proceeds could impact the timing of when we need equity to ensure that we hit our target ratings or target metrics. But on average the $200 million to $300 million is what's our expectations are for equity needs.
Donald Brown: So earnings growth, the 5% to 7%, is off of the new 2019 guidance of $1.27 to $1.33. There are costs around financing. The insurance receivable recovery process that are impacting 2019 and will flow into 2020, similarly as Joe said on our safety investments and SMS, those are costs that we are incurring in 2019. And we'll be to some extent going forward costs and safety and reliability in the gas business ability in the gas business going forward. And so we hopefully helped clear it up. I agree that we have lost the year, because of the incremental costs and investments that we are making, but long-term we get back to our 5% to 7% annual growth.
Joe Hamrock: So what I would add though is if you think about the actual generation investments in wind and in solar that we're expecting that really is 2023 timing. What we're doing now that we've executed on three agreements on renewables, two of those are PPAs, the third is a joint venture that we would make an investment in. Because of our NOL, current status of our NOLs, we can't take advantage of the wind tax credit and so we have entered into tax equity type structures. And that would allow us, our customers to enjoy the tax benefits from an equity investor. And then our investment would come later in 2023, which is after our guidance. So as we get more projects signed up for the ultimate investments in 2023, we'll be able to provide guidance on what the total investments would be then.
Joe Hamrock: Our ultimate regulatory plan for CMA will be developed after we ensure full restoration and recovery in Merrimack Valley. So I'd expect to hear more on that later this year, possibly even in the next year. And it is important to note that the interplay between resolution of claims and restoration activity is going to be important to resolve before we fully contemplate regulatory activity related to our work in CMA.
Joe Hamrock: We're likely not going to do the mid-year Analyst Day that we had previously talked about. We'll to work our way through the 2019 activities, and look for an update on that later this year.
Joe Hamrock: You're right that some of what we're working through is temporary in nature, a lot of it related to financing the claims, the investments in our safety initiatives this year. We'll stick to the 5% to 7% guidance off of 2019 that we've talked about here today and not try to get into longer-range projections of how that might play out.
Joe Hamrock: Yes, that’s correct, Greg. In the 2019 guidance, not only do we reflect the financing costs related to the cash flows from the Greater Lawrence incident but incremental spending to accelerate our safety management systems implementation, that's an effort that have started. Over a year ago, we have accelerated that substantially, brought in outside experts. So you see a few cents inside that guidance that’s related to the one-time startup costs to accelerate that. And those won't stick for the long-term, but they really do have an impact in 2019 as it relates to the acceleration. We do expect as we've noted before, flat O&M across the board. But if you look below at the segment level, you will likely see some incremental O&M on the gas segment related to the safety initiatives. Of course, our electric business is repositioning, so that that O&M and profile will change as well. And then at corporate, we continue to look for opportunities to consolidate platforms. And Donald mentioned some incremental IT spending in the out years of the plan here related to modernization of those systems as well. So number of different moving pieces inside all that but that's the biggest one in 2019.
Joe Hamrock: We were expecting and guiding flat O&M across our planning horizons. And so there is some offsets within our corporate and electric business that will have lower O&M that will offset some of the investments we're making on the gas side.
Joe Hamrock: So, let's with the charitable contributions. We'll continue to evaluate our terrible investments that we make in communities right now. We don't have anything significantly planned to discuss and breakout. And so that will continue as we progress with our efforts in the Merrimack Valley. Your other question was around insurance on -- business interruption insurance. So no, there is no business interruption insurance for loss revenues for the customers that we weren't charging during the event.
Joe Hamrock: Yes, we were always about 75% in that 70% to 80% range being recovered within 12 months. The 2018 chart includes the investments in the Merrimack Valley and so that one is a little bit higher going through a rate case the 31% there. Going forward we're back in that range around 75% and that is helped by the Ohio CEP program.
Joe Hamrock: Not that, it's really growth. If you think about that green bar is customer growth. And so we do continue to see progress on our customer growth efforts and seeing that those investments grow overtime to get us to our 1% net annual net customer growth.
Joe Hamrock: Thanks Muriel and thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. Have a great day.
