Donald Brown: Thanks Joe, and good morning everyone. I'd like to start by adding a few more details around tax reform which we know has been a great interest to investors over the past year. Turning to Slide 4, with the adoption of the tax cuts and jobs act, we revalued our net operating loss carry forward to $508 million which is expected to continue to provide nice source of cash tax benefit beyond 2025. I would also point out that the remeasurement of our deferred tax liabilities increased our regulatory liabilities by approximately $1.5 billion which will provide a benefit to our customers. As Joe mentioned, the new tax law is positive for our customers since it lowers their costs and supports our continued investment in critical utility infrastructure which benefits all stakeholders by enhancing safety, service reliability and the environment performance of our system. As we get more clarity on the regulatory implementation and work through business initiatives focused on efficiencies, we will better understand the impact of tax reform on our credit metrics, specifically funds from operations to debt. With this clarity, we will then finalize any necessary changes to our financing plan which may include utilizing a mix of hybrids, convertibles, debt and equity. I would add that any necessary changes will be within the context of delivering on our stated financial commitments, including every effort to maintain our current investment grade credit ratings. It puts confidence in our plan and the levers in flexibility that we have available to us to manage this near-term impact, and that we are reaffirming our 2018 non-GAAP net operating earnings guidance of $1.26 to $1.32. We also continue to expect to grow our non-GAAP net operating earnings per share and dividends by 5% to 7% each year through 2020 and to invest $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion annually in our utility infrastructure programs through 2020. Moving on to our results in Slide 5; we've delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $398 million or $1.21 per share in 2017 compared with about $351 million or $1.09 per share in 2016. The biggest driver of our solid financial performance continues to be the impact of our long-term infrastructure modernization investments, supported by solid regulatory outcome and established infrastructure trackers. I would note that our GAAP results were impacted by certain balance sheet adjustments and other items related to federal tax reform. Let's now turn to the non-GAAP financial results for our business segments. Our gas distribution operations segment had operating earnings of about $587 million for the year compared with operating earnings of about $598 million in 2016. Net revenues were up about $164 million driven primarily by new rates from base rate cases and infrastructure replacement programs. This increased revenue was more than offset by operating expenses which increased by about $174 million. Our Electric Operations segment reported operating earnings of $377 million for the year, an increase of about $75 million from 2016. Net revenues were up about $122 million driven by new rates from the 2016 base rate case and increased investment in the transmission projects. This increased electric revenue was partially offset by an approximately $48 million increase in operating expenses. As we've discussed previously, the planned 2017 increase in non-tracked O&M expenses were largely driven by commitments in recent rate case settlements to make certain investments in safety, reliability and customer service enhancements. We're managing these expenses closely and we're on-track for flat O&M expenses compared with 2017. Full details of our results included details of our fourth quarter performance earnings available in our earnings release and supplemental financial information posted this morning at nisource.com. Now turning to Slide 6, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of December 31 was about $9 billion of which about $7.7 billion was long-term debt. The weighted average maturity on our long-term debt was approximately 18 years and weighted average interest rate was approximately 4.8%, which is more than 100 basis points lower than at separation. This reduced cost to capital will help provide long-term sustainability to our infrastructure investment programs. At the end of 2017, we maintained net available liquidity of about $1 billion consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitizations. Going forward, our financial foundation is solid and poised for continued growth. Now I'll turn the call back to Joe to discuss a few customer, infrastructure investments and regulatory highlights.
Donald Brown: I think when you think about the other impact of interest deductibility it did lose some value from the interest tax shield going from 35% to 21% but we've got levers from an O&M standpoint and financing standpoint and regulatory mechanisms that allows us to offset that and maintain our earnings commitment for 2018 and going forward.
Donald Brown: I think it's orally -- we're in 7 states having conversations with our regulators regarding tax reform and those impacts. In most cases, we have made filings to provide information around those deferred tax adjustments and what those impacts could be on customers. I think what we've got is flexibility, at this point if you think about being in 7 states having the number of infrastructure programs we've got in places, as well as the NIPSCO gas case and the Ohio CEP program that -- I think we've got an ability to manage the cash impact overtime through those different programs and maintain our earnings and dividend growth commitments.
Donald Brown: So, I'll start first on the refinancing. When we refinanced the debt last May, we only refinanced about half of that debt, there are still maturities in 2019, 2020 and 2022; so we'll continue to look at those and see if there is opportunity to refinance that and provide savings and value for our shareholders but that is not contemplated in our earnings guidance at this point.
Donald Brown: As I said, we're working across the 7 states, I think it will take some time. I would expect it's going to be the next 4 to 6 months before we have any clarity from a regulatory perspective on the timing of that path back. At the same time we are having conversations with rating agencies and showing them our plan, as well as scenarios around financing depending on cash flow changes. Again, I think we've got levers in terms of financing that's not just equity, we would look at debt in terms of tenures, historically we've done mostly 30-year debt and so if you shorten that into 3s, and 5s, and 10s; that would provide some savings in FFO. We'd also look at hybrids and preferred that provides you some equity content as well as equity. So I think it's probably 4 to 6 months in terms of the regulatory, that's the part that we're really focusing on at this point and then the financing plan will come out of that.
Donald Brown: All of those plans are contemplated. So I think it's coming out in late 2017 right after tax reform was to reaffirm our confidence in our plan and having flexibility and levers to hit our earnings guidance for 2018 as well as long-term.
Donald Brown: There is essentially no change to the 5 to 7, we think we've got -- we believe we've got levers to hit that range. If you think about what we've always said around the range, lower versus higher, what really drives our earnings year-to-year are regulatory programs and our execution on those regulatory programs. And so that's still the case going forward here, our execution on those programs would get us to the higher range because of timing on those programs or at least how we come out. So no concerns with hitting the high range or at all going forward.
Donald Brown: It's a little early to think through or guide through those. We remain committed to the guidance we provided, previously the 8% to 10% rate base growth from last year. We'll continue to look at our plan as we go through the year ahead, especially with all of the regulatory activity related to tax reform but as we sit here today, the current guidance holds.
Donald Brown: I'd say from a long-term plan we have big point of guiding through -- our 2020 was our long-term plan, looks at replacement of our generation capacity. Last year we talked about retiring some of our coal units in 2018 and 2023, and so long-term we need to make some decisions on the replacement of that coal capacity, we're kicking off that IRP program this year and I think by the end of the year we should have clarity on what that CapEx plan if any looks like -- and be able to guide past 2020.
Donald Brown: That's exactly right, Greg. As we started thinking about tax reform and the path back of those savings, we're really looking state by state, trying to understand what those changes could be, what the impacts could be, looking at O&M as well because that impacts FFO, and then as you've said kind of back flopping to see what type of financing would provide us to hit our rating commitments with our agencies, as well as our 5% to 7% earnings growth commitments.
Donald Brown: That is correct. We've raised the dividend and what we've always stated was that we'd have -- we target about a payout of 60% to 70% with our earnings growth from 2016 to 2017 as well as our guidance of $1.26 to $1.32. For next year the 11% increase was really in line with our long-term commitments around growth in dividend payout.
Donald Brown: Yes, I think it's one of the options that we're looking at is the tenure of future financings going shorter, if necessary to manage our earnings and debt commitments around our ratings.
Donald Brown: So last year we did $315 million for the year, in the fourth quarter we did it forward. So part of our ATM program when we established it was a forward mechanism, we did a forward of about $170 million debt, we would close by the end of 2018.
Donald Brown: There was not. So $314 million for the total year of 2017 and the we did a forward for $170 million for 2018.
Joseph Hamrock: I'm not sure what headline you're referring to Paul but [indiscernible] -- got you. So I won't speculate or comment on M&A activity or market rumors; I'll say that NiSource has always had a disciplined approach to growing shareholder value and the most recent example of that was last year when we elevated our CapEx program announced at Investor Day, that should result in an increased long-term growth rate of 5% to 7%. And our current focus to grow shareholder value calls for continued execution of the $30 billion of long-term identified investments that as you know will benefit our customers and communities and underpins the sustainability of our plan, our focus remains there.
Joseph Hamrock: On the O&M side, as we've talked about over the past couple of quarters, the O&M increases in 2017 were largely due to the commitments we've made in the areas of safety, reliability, trainings and pretty significant commitments there; all aimed at sustaining value for our customers. In that vein, we also had planned increases to support our customer growth initiative and our customer value strategy which are both off to a great start and underpinned our confidence and the sustainability of our plan and the expectation of flat O&M in 2018 off of the 2017 base; so we're in a really good spot there.
Joseph Hamrock: Couple of things I'd add just to add a little context around that whole picture is, keep in mind that the targeted solution reflects the advocacy work that we were all involved in a year ago. So had a pretty long runway to take it into account all of the various factors that ultimately did show up in the tax reform package; so our plans have been well developed over a year or more now. And then, I'd add to that, on the regulatory side with our -- the puzzle of 7 jurisdictions and [indiscernible] rate mechanisms but it's a little hard to predict specific timing across each of those but given our relatively rapid regulatory cadence across our 7 states, we have every expectation that most of those are settled going into 2019 and that we have essentially build into rate the full effect of the tax reform and reduced interest rates into customers rates going into 2019. So those two kind of book ends to the strategy might help think about how we're framing everything.
Joseph Hamrock: And I'd add that certainly all things being equal, rate base will be higher because of this tax reform. We're just not at a place to -- with the regulatory implementation that needs to take place to state what rate base growth will be. I'd also say that we're not at a point where we would change our CapEx plans, we're still committed to the $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion a year.
Joseph Hamrock: We've refreshed that at Investor Day last year, so that was -- that number is about a year old at this point and it does reflect the full suite of investments across generation transmission and distribution, predominantly on the T&D side but if you look at our generation strategy, there is the anticipation of new generation inside that number as well as -- I call it a tail on the environment spend, the EOG spend is in the next decade. So you'll see a little bit of all of that mixed into that picture, as well as some customer growth.
Joseph Hamrock: No, we're in the CCR investment cycle right now, so that piece is a part of that. Keep in mind, we filed a $400 million CPCN last year for environmental retrofits, both, CCR and EOG compliance related investments, we have a settlement and approval on the CCR side but the EOG rule has been stayed. So that spend is still anticipated, it was included in the $10 billion and likely falls out beyond 2020.
Joseph Hamrock: That's correct, yes. In the last IRP we did show a combined cycle plan, so it's consistent with the last IRP but as was noted earlier, Donald touched on this; we will go through a new integrated resource planning cycle this year starting next month, first stakeholder meeting next month and so we'll go through a full market analysis, we'll do an RFP to see what's available in the market, look at our build options and as we cycle through that around the end of this year we should have a much more updated picture of those expectations but that was included in the $10 billion -- about $800 million or so in the $10 billion.
Joseph Hamrock: Ryan, no update. We haven't actually initiated the process, the first stakeholder meeting is next month, so we'll set up the process there. Our intent is to go through a full look at diverse portfolio, solution sets including build buy alternatives, and work through that, including an RFP into the market and probably in the second quarter we'll do that. So I'd watch the first second quarter updates for status updates on that, there is not a lot to say about it except it is a very open balanced picture that we want to create to guide that decision.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you, Andrew. And again, thank you all for participating today for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. Have a great day, we'll see you next quarter.
