Shawn Anderson: Thank you, Lloyd, and good morning, everyone. You'll find information about our electric operations on Slide 11. NIPSCO is actively working with stakeholders toward a settlement in its electric rate case, it's first since 2018. New rates are anticipated to take effect in September 2023 with an incremental rate step applied in 2024. Meanwhile, the company remains on track to support a reliable generation portfolio and to retire all coal-fired generation by the end of 2028 with new assets, predominantly wind and solar facilities coming online. All of the renewable generation projects remain on target with previously revised in-service dates. The construction underway at Indiana Crossroads Solar and Dunns Bridge Solar 1 is nearing completion, with both facilities projected to be in service in the first half of 2023. Also under construction, the Indiana Crossroads 2 wind project continues to pace to start of commercial operations by the end of 2023. We have entered into contract amendments for our Dunns Bridge 2, Cavalry and Fairbanks projects to address our previously communicated project completion dates and reflect market pressures on pricing. Both Dunns Bridge 2 and Cavalry projects have begun initial construction with activities ramping into full construction this spring. We continue to evaluate the provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act and its applicability to the projects in our generation portfolio, including the potential application of tax transferability, along with the enhanced tax credits provided for in the act. We believe the legislation has enabled the opportunities to drive greater value to both our customers and shareholders while advancing our remaining projects. It is important to note that the application of all tax credits is analyzed on a project-by-project basis and is impacted by various factors such as capital costs and the expected production of the asset. Meanwhile, NIPSCO is in active commercial negotiations with potential counterparties to fulfill the preferred portfolio outlined in its 2021 integrated resource plan. Project agreements resulting from the all-sources RFP as well as the targeted gas peaking RFP at Schahfer Generating Station are expected to be announced this summer. Additional work continues around capturing direct and indirect funding opportunities from all of the federal legislation passed recently, most notably the nearly $500 billion generated from the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act and the inflation Reduction Act. We have been active in several hydrogen hub proposals across our territory, each of which have received encouragement from the DOE to submit a full application for the regional clean hydrogen hub funding opportunity announcement as designated in the Bipartisan Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act. I'd like to close by confirming we are on track to achieve our industry-leading environmental impact targets, namely a 90% reduction in Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions from 2005 levels by 2030. This progress is consistent with the reductions needed to achieve our goal of net 0 Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 2040, which we announced in November. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Donald, who will discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Thanks, Nick. Appreciate the question. We’ve observed a broad range of qualified partners, which are positioned to help NIPSCO and NiSource realize its strategic goals. We’re confident this is the right audience to evaluate a partnership with NiSource as we laid out in November. And we’re also confident the process we’ve launched will lead us to a successful outcome this year.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Thanks for the question. The time line has not changed. We still expect to be able to complete this in 2023. And as you can imagine, we’re still early days in the process itself. So we’ll be able to provide updates along the way when it’s appropriate to do so.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Thanks, Ryan. Appreciate the question. As you can imagine, we're still working through the process. So we still consider these contract amendments confidential. But the 1 thing I'd say is that we will work forward with our partners in the appropriate filings with the commission to move these forward. We're talking about the 4 remaining projects that are not substantively under construction, apart from those that are already in service. The market seeing increases in cost in the 10% to 25% range. What we've seen is consistent with that. And we've also been able to benchmark that off of the most recent RFP in August of 2022. So we feel good about the value proposition that these projects still provide to our customers in Northwest Indiana, and we'll proceed accordingly.
Shawn Anderson: No, great question. Let me clarify. The contract amendments that were made are to support the time lines that we disclosed in 2022 and support the time lines that you see on that slide. which placed those remaining projects in service in '24 and '25.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Unfortunately, there isn’t additional color I can offer at this time. We’re focused on advancing the process, and we’ll just have to come back with updates around these topics when it’s appropriate to do so.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. As we shared, our projects are all continuing on schedule with the revised in-service dates we updated in 2022, Dunns Bridge 1 and Crossroad Solar specifically at the stage of construction, we’re each are receiving panels on a regular basis to support the in-service dates within the first half of this year. And we’re continuing to work in good faith with our developer partners and all the remaining – all the other remaining projects to advance accordingly.
Donald Brown: Thanks, Shawn, and good morning, everyone. Turning to our fourth quarter 2022 results on Slide 13. Fourth quarter non-GAAP net operating earnings were $221 million or $0.50 per share compared to $167 million or $0.39 per share in the fourth quarter of 2021. Full year earnings were $648 million or $1.47 per share compared to $571 million or $1.37 per share in 2021. Taking a closer look at our fourth quarter segment, non-GAAP results on Slide 14. Gas distribution operating earnings were $288 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of $72 million versus the same quarter last year. Operating revenues, net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses were higher by $66 million, mainly due to new rates resulting from base rate cases and regulatory capital programs. Operating expenses, again, net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses were lower by $6 million due primarily to lower O&M and other taxes. In our electric segment, non-GAAP operating earnings for the fourth quarter were $68 million, $14 million lower than in the same quarter last year. Operating revenues, net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses were lower by $4 million, mainly due to slightly lower weather-normalized customer usage. Operating expenses, once again excluding the cost of energy and tracked expenses were higher by $10 million, primarily due to increased depreciation and amortization. Now I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of December 31, 2022, was $11.3 billion, of which $9.6 billion was long-term debt with a weighted average maturity of 14 years and a weighted average interest rate of 3.7%. At the end of the fourth quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of over $1.6 billion. consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitization programs. We remain committed to our current investment-grade credit ratings. Slide 16 highlights our financing strategy and credit commitments. We issued a $1 billion 1-year term loan in December and used the proceeds to reduce our commercial paper balances and the loan bridges the gap into our equity unit remarketing in the fall. Our financing plan includes no block or ATM equity issuances in 2023 or 2024. And is consistent with all of our earnings growth and credit commitments through 2027 and remains unchanged from Investor Day in November. I'd like to highlight that the recent drop in natural gas prices directly reduces our customers' bills over time and reduces the natural gas impact on working capital and financing charges. A year in 2022, deferred fuel amounted to roughly 54 basis points of FFO to debt versus 76 basis points at year-end 2021. For some context of the impact of higher gas prices over the last 2 years, at year-end 2020, deferred fuel only had a 6 basis point impact on our FFO to debt. In summary, we reported 2022 EPS of $1.47, exceeding our $1.44 to $1.46 guidance range. We have raised our 2023 guidance to $1.54 to $1.60, an increase of over $0.03 versus our prior midpoint. We're also reiterating our long-term growth commitment of 6% to 8% annual NOEPS growth through 2027. Despite persistent macroeconomic headwinds and volatility, we are advancing key elements of our 5-year plan, and we remain focused on safety, reliability, affordability and sustainability. Before we open up the line to answer your questions, I'd like to reiterate our confidence, progress and focus. Our confidence in our strategic plan and our strong progress in delivering on those commitments. Our progress on our regulatory initiatives, including pursuing a potential settlement in the NIPSCO electric rate case, and our focus on realizing the upside potential beyond our existing plan. Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. We're now ready to take your questions.
Donald Brown: No. And let me correct. It certainly didn’t say block. Our financing plan has not changed. It still is that we expect to enter into ATM post 2025. And that’s really to keep us in that 14% to 16%, FFO to debt range, but no blocks planned are expected at this point.
Donald Brown: Yes. No, great question. Certainly, seeing favorable natural gas prices, including today, we're seeing NYMEX March price around $2 or below $2. So that's great impact for our customers. As we look at it, we're expecting probably a 20% to 25% decrease in customer bills, '23 versus 2022. So really good outcome.
Donald Brown: Yes, great question. If you look at our history, we're typically in every 2 to 3 years in most jurisdictions. We're actually coming off a pretty heavy year last year where we were in 5 rate cases, Ohio, Indiana, new rates in 2022, Virginia, Kentucky and Maryland. So last year was a pretty heavy year. But if you look at our history, Maryland's almost every year, PA is almost every year, and then other states typically every 2 to 3 years.
Donald Brown: Yes. We’re evaluating Pennsylvania, but I’d say otherwise, it’s every 2 to 3 years on the other states. .
Donald Brown: Yes. I'd say our financing plan hasn't changed. And as Shawn stated that the process is going as expected. When we get more details that we can communicate on the sale transaction, we'll do that. But no change to the financing plan at this point.
Lloyd Yates: Nick, Lloyd Yates here. So when we think about the NIPSCO rate case, we filed our rebuttal testimony February 16, and we've already started discussions with the various parties on that rate case. I'm optimistic about settling that rate case, I think that you started thinking about time line around February 27, If hearings are starting March 13, I think that the time line is you should expect to see something around the end of February. If things are progressing, we could -- history has been to extend those a week or so to get settlement discussions complete. But I think that's the track we're on right now.
Lloyd Yates: So I would not treat that as incremental. That shift was really for progress payments for our renewable projects, I mean I think our plan is still as is, spending around $3 billion a year in CapEx is what we're committed to. We feel like we can execute that really, really well, but there's no increase in CapEx at all. Those are just progress payments for the projects.
Lloyd Yates: So we're in the middle of conversations. There's been some debate about that mechanism. We think that mechanism is really good for customers. As we shut those coal plants down, that cost goes back to customers immediately. We're in conversations with the various parties about how to make that work, I'm optimistic that we can do that because I think that's good for customers, and passing that cost back immediately. But I think those are an integral part of the settlement discussions right now.
Lloyd Yates: Durgesh, we realize -- I mean those opportunities are out there. We don't have a size for those opportunities yet. I think as we get closer to those opportunities and know more about pre-1985 plastic pipe or MISO issue in new transmission opportunities, we'll be able to size it then. But as soon as we can size it, we'll let you guys know about it.
Lloyd Yates: Richard, this is Lloyd. First of all, I would say we're on track for flat O&M year-over-year. And I'd like to characterize it, we are really developing our O&M muscle. We have something going on at the company called Project Apollo we have outlined various processes and projects that we have teams working on to target doing things safer, better, more efficiently and for lower cost, and we're on track to achieve those.
Lloyd Yates: So let me handle both those questions. Starting with the O&M and the time line. I think that we try to align those with our rate cases, but I think -- our strategy here is any O&M that we can take out of the system that we can lean out of the system on any given day is better for our customers. And our O&M is about keeping customer -- keeping our customers or keeping our rates affordable. So we're not necessarily trying to line that up with rate cases, if it lines up signed, if not I think we're okay too. Ultimately, we're going to this coming out of the system. It's going to be good for customers, and we're going to continue down that path and not try to be cute there. I think when you look at the NIPSCO rate case and if you look at the intervenor testimony, what you see is there's no argument over the capital investments. All the capital investments, the renewable -- primarily renewable projects in Titus, all that's been agreed to. So we're debating over O&M and ROE, which I think is really positive. And typically, when you have that -- when those 2 limited subject matters, you can typically come to some reasonable settlement on those 2 issues. So I think we're in a good spot with respect to the NIPSCO rate case, with respect to the O&M, and I'm optimistic the next 2 weeks are going to pan out real well for all involved stakeholders.
Lloyd Yates: So thank you for your questions. And as we close, I want to reiterate what Donald and I have said about our confidence, progress and focus. Our confidence in our strategic plan and our strong progress in delivering on our commitments. Our progress on our regulatory initiatives, including pursuing a potential settlement in the NIPSCO electric rate case, and our focus on realizing the upside potential beyond our existing plan. I believe the future is bright for NiSource and we’re confident in the execution of the 5-year plan we had unveiled at Investor Day. We appreciate you joining us this morning, and I hope all of you stay safe. Thank you.
