Joseph J. Hamrock: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. 2016 marks the first fiscal year for NiSource operating exclusively as a regulated utility company, and the financial and operational results that our team produced during the year demonstrate the enduring strengths of our long-term infrastructure investment strategy. The customer-focused investments we're making are enhancing the safety, reliability and environmental performance of our systems, as well as customer service and employee training, all of which supported earnings and dividend growth for our investors. Let's look at slide 3 of our supplemental deck and highlight some of our significant achievements in 2016 and early 2017. We delivered net operating earnings per share non-GAAP of $1.09, which compares to $0.94 in 2015, and is near the upper-end of our 2016 guidance of $1.05 to $1.10. We invested a record $1.5 billion in our gas and electric utility infrastructure across our seven states. The value these investments deliver included replacement of 406 miles of priority pipe, 12% more than in 2015, driving continued reductions in leaks, outages and emissions. In addition, we replaced 60 miles of underground cable and more than 1,200 electric poles, improving electric reliability for our Indiana customers. We also completed significant regulatory initiatives supporting these investments across our footprint. These included gas base rate case settlement approvals in Kentucky, Maryland and Pennsylvania, and just last month reaching a settlement agreement in Virginia, as well as approvals of settlements in a long-term electric modernization program and electric base rate case in Indiana, and finally, infrastructure tracker updates in several states. We're committed to further reduce our greenhouse gas emissions through these continued gas modernization investments and planned coal-fired plant retirements as we diversify our electric generation portfolio. In fact, in early 2016, we became a charter member of the U.S. EPA's Methane Challenge Program, committing to reduce our methane emissions by more than 300 million cubic feet over five years. We also added about 33,000 new customers in 2016, our best year for customer growth in a decade. The growth was driven by a number of factors, including an increase in gas conversions from other fuels, recovery in the new housing market, and low customer attrition. With our continuing track record of producing strong results and the confidence that we have the right business plan and the right team in place, we are reaffirming our net operating earnings guidance of $1.12 per share to $1.18 per share for 2017. In addition, we now expect to invest about $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion in our infrastructure this year, up from our prior estimate of $1.5 billion. The increase is driven primarily by investments on the electric side related to increasing service reliability and repositioning our generation fleet. These investment levels keep NiSource on pace for continuing sustained execution on the $30 billion of identified regulated utility investments we first outlined in 2014. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Donald who will discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Thanks, Donald. We've continued to execute on our well-established, customer-focused infrastructure modernization investments. Together with regulatory initiatives and enhanced customer programs, we're focused on delivering our results the right way with our customers, communities, employees, and investors in mind. In 2016, we received several recognitions for doing just that. For instance, we were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index North America for the third straight year. The Ethisphere Institute named NiSource to its list of the World's Most Ethical Companies for the fifth year in a row. And we were named by Forbes Magazine as one of America's Best Large Employer, an honor based on independent surveys of employees at the nation's largest organizations. We're also continuing to provide programs and services that can help our customers reduce energy usage and manage their bills. For instance, in December, the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio approved a plan by Columbia Gas of Ohio to continue offering its energy efficiency programs for another six years. We expect that approximately 700,000 customers will benefit from these programs during that period, helping them save money by reducing their gas, electric, and water usage. Since the separation of Columbia Pipeline Group on July 1, 2015, NiSource has produced a total shareholder return of nearly 41%, outperforming the Dow Jones Utility Index, and in November we were ranked number one for total shareholder return among mid-cap electric companies over a five-year period by the Edison Electric Institute. Now let's turn to some specific highlights for the fourth quarter from our Gas Operations on slide 6. New rates became effective December 19 at Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania following Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission approval in October of a joint settlement agreement in our base rate case. The approved settlement supports the continued upgrade and replacement of infrastructure and allows recovery of increases in safety-related operating and maintenance costs. The new rates increase annual revenue by $35 million and the settlement includes incentives to expand gas service to commercial customers. In Virginia, we reached the settlement in January with all parties to our base rate case pending before the Virginia State Corporation Commission. The settlement, if approved, as filed would allow for about a $29 million annual revenue increase. We filed the rate request in April 2016, seeking to adjust base rates to recover investments that improve the overall safety and reliability of the distribution system. The case also supports the growth of our Virginia system, driven by increased customer demand for service. Updated interim base rates subject to refund were implemented in September. On February 8, the hearing examiner recommended approval of the settlement without modification and a Commission's decision is expected in the first half of 2017. In Kentucky, we implemented new base rates on December 27, following Kentucky Public Service Commission modification and approval of our base rate case settlement agreement. The approval includes an annual revenue increase of about $13 million and will allow for continued system modernization and pipeline safety investments. In Maryland, we implemented new base rates on October 27, following Maryland Public Service Commission approval of a settlement agreement in our base rate case. The approval increases annual revenue by about $4 million and supports the continued replacement of aging infrastructure and increased pipeline safety investment. In Massachusetts, we implemented revised rates under our 2015 base rate case settlement. The settlement provided for about a $4 million incremental annual revenue increase effective November 1, 2016, which was in addition to the approximately $33 million increase that took effect on November 1, 2015. The settlement supports our continued efforts to modernize our pipeline infrastructure and reduce emissions, while positioning our Massachusetts operations to continue to serve customers safely and reliably. [Technical Difficulty] (16:56-24:53)
Joseph J. Hamrock: Thank you, Catherine. I appreciate that. We'll take that not as a sign of no questions, but as an indication that we'll have a chance to talk in a couple of weeks and we do look forward to that. Thanks again for your interest in NiSource. Once again, a reminder about our Investor Day on March 8 in New York City. It will be a great opportunity to do a deeper dive into our business and give you a chance to hear from some other members of our senior team. Thanks for your interest today, and have a great and safe day. Take care.
