Robert C. Skaggs: Thanks Randy. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. As we noted in this morning's release, the NiSource team delivered another quarter of solid execution and financial performance. On today call we'll touch on key highlights from the quarter, discuss how they position NiSource for continued growth in 2014 and beyond. Chief Financial Officer Steve Smith will review our financial results. We'll also provide updates on key execution highlights across each of our businesses, and of course we'll leave plenty of time for your questions. So with that in mind, let's get started with some key takeaways from the quarter. You'll see these listed on slide three in the supplemental deck that was posted online this morning. As I mentioned, our NiSource team once again delivered a solid quarter. Each of our business units continued to execute on our investment-driven business plan. This consistent execution has put us in a position to deliver earnings at the upper half of our non-GAAP earnings guidance of $1.61 to a $1.71 per share. Our Columbia Pipeline Group Unit continued to make steady progress on expanding inventory of growth, modernization in midstream investment opportunities. Many of these initiatives are tied closely to the company's strategic position in the Marcellus and Utica Shale regions. In our gas distribution business, Massachusetts Governor, Deval Patrick signed landmark legislation authorizing accelerated recovery of infrastructure modernization investments. Columbia Gas of Massachusetts intends to file a construction plan with the DPU by October 31st of this year and expects to begin recovering investments on May 1, 2015.  In Indiana, our NIPSCO gas and electric business obtained regulatory approval of a $700 million natural gas modernization program, which will complement a $1.1 billion electric system modernization program. In addition to system modernization, the NIPSCO gas program provides for expansion of its gas distribution system into rural areas in Northern Indiana.  With those quick highlights let me turn the call over to Steve Smith to take a closer look at our financial results on Page four of our supplemental slides.
Robert C. Skaggs: Paul, I ask you to bear with me. In just a matter of weeks, a mere matter of weeks, we're going to give you a lot of detail around both of those projects and there'll be a heck of a lot more than bookmarks.
Robert C. Skaggs: Continue to grow on a robust basis. We'll give you more of a sense at Investor Day about the way we think about it. But as you know, we're balancing a very, very strong investment program, strong earnings growth rate and a strong dividend. So again I ask you to bear with me a little bit more color commentary when we see in the -- in to September.
Robert C. Skaggs: We'll talk about that in September, Paul again, we're going to cover the waterfront, certainly earnings growth will be one of the key topics among many, that we'll touch on.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yeah, let me start with the question about then and now. The Massachusetts regulatory approach was a more traditional regulatory approach. We file periodically rate cases and because of that convention there tended to be a significant lag, much greater than 12 months on CapEx investments. So again a traditional rate case sort of mode that we follow and all the other utilities follow to Massachusetts. What the new legislation would provide for you to file an annual construction plan for your modernization activities. We intend to file that plan by the end of October. The DPU has six months to consider the plan and then you begin rate recovery on investments beginning in the spring of 2015. So the lag is effectively eliminated. You'll be recovering on your investments as you make those investments during the period. So that's how the mechanism will work versus how it worked traditionally. Give or take we’re spinning annually about $40 million in Massachusetts on modernization, ongoing maintenance and the like. Under the new program, again we're developing our plan. We'll file it at the end of October. We anticipate our spending will pick up but we've been spending at a very good clip in Massachusetts up to this point.  By the way I would add that there is a cap in the legislation on how large the programs can be and I’ll have Randy check this, but I believe it's 1.5% of your firm annual revenues, is how the program is capped.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well again I'm just going to ask you to bear with me. I'm going to pass on that question and I'll just repeat that the meeting in September 29th is intended to be exhaustive. So we're going to deep dive all of our businesses and all the considerations that we've been working on.
Robert C. Skaggs: All right. Grant, thank you very much and thanks to everyone for participating today and your ongoing interest and support of the company. We look forward to seeing you and speaking with you on September 29th in New York. So thanks and have a good day.
