Lloyd Yates: Thanks, Shawn. And before we take questions, I'd like to share some late-breaking news with the investor community. We just received an order from the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission for the NIPSCO electric rate case. And upon the initial review, it appears the settlement in the NIPSCO's case has been approved without modification. The team is reviewing the details of the order, and if we see anything different, we'll let you know as soon as possible. And just let me give you a couple of highlights. A revenue increase of $292 million, return on equity of 9.8% and an increase -- rate base increase of slightly over $1.8 billion.  I want to publicly thank the IURC for their diligence in review of this quarter, the team and all the stakeholders that contribute to what we believe is a very balanced solution.  And with that, we'll open the floor for questions. Thank you.
Lloyd Yates: So that was really a good way to ask that question, Shar. Let me start there. And I don't want to comment on specific details. Of course, like most companies, our policies, we don't comment on market room, of course, specific details.  What I will comment on though is back in November on Investor Day, we laid out what I thought, and I think this team and our Board thinks, is a really, really good plan. We're going to grow our earnings 6% to 8% annually off end of year results, 8% to 10% rate base growth. We put forth a transaction, 19.9% of the NIPSCO utility to strengthen our balance sheet. And what I will tell you is as we did the business review last year, that was the only transaction we contemplated, and we are laser-focused on getting that done. So you mentioned we haven't finished that transaction yet. That transaction is to be finished by the end of this year. We're laser focused on that transaction, investing $15 billion of capital, making sure we operate in an excellent way and growing earnings, and that is where the whole NiSource team is zeroing down on.
Lloyd Yates: Yes, so thanks for asking that question. I think what we're seeing is employees getting excited and finding better and more ideas for cost savings. I think when you drill down into the organization, employees know what holds them up and getting more work done, and we're getting after it. I think this will be a continuous improvement mindset. We're driving it throughout the company to do things safer, better, faster and more efficiently. But again, this is an employee-driven ideas. It's process driven and we're finding significant savings, and I expect this to continue on for a really long time. In fact, I expect it to start accelerating in 2024 and beyond. But delivering the savings now, looking forward acceleration process next year for even more savings.
Lloyd Yates: We've done the filings associated with them, and in those filings, I believe that we have said who they are with.
Lloyd Yates: The IURC, I think the State of Indiana in general, there's very good support for this renewables program. And I think what drove it, the amount of stakeholder engagement that got done upfront, I think what we're seeing is the benefit of stakeholder engagement with the IURC, the industrial customers, the commercial customers, the legislators. And I think it's been settlement, rate case approval, filings.  So we believe and we continue -- not believe, we know we have very good support from the IURC in the state of Indiana, and we think that we're doing this transition in a way that really makes sense from a clean energy perspective and a reliability perspective.
Lloyd Yates: Right. So we're -- I mean, we're investing $15 billion of capital at 1x rate base. Someone wants to sell us an asset that creates significant shareholder value at less than that, I think the probability of that is really low, but our focus is our plan.
Lloyd Yates: I think we're working through that process in November. Whether it be an EEI or via our earnings call, we'll have those plans more formalized and laid out. We'll get them to you as soon as we have them.
Lloyd Yates: So I would say to you, as I sit in the seat, a little over 1.5 years, more confidence in our ability to execute on the regulatory front. I think that we have just really superior regulatory execution capabilities. As I spend more time on the operating side and look at the cost savings on here,and savings without taking additional risk but really becoming better operational excellence. I'm seeing a lot more momentum gains, so -- and I have confidence in this management team. And we've put this management team in place, we're really working well together. They're probably 1 of the best management teams in the industry, and it's working really well so it's given us more confidence to deliver our earnings to investors. I think we're doing better on the customer side and better in our communities, and our employees like working here better. So I think it's an overall confidence rising across all of NiSource.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Thanks, Lloyd. Appreciate the question. Just as Lloyd said, you may observe the track record of success on Slide 8, which demonstrates consistent execution of rate case and [indiscernible] filings across all of our businesses. Most notably, if you bring your attention to Q4 2022 and all of the 2023 outcomes, that specifically gives us enhanced line of sight to regulated revenue drivers across the balance of this year. That's somewhere in the neighborhood of $0.35 per share in total regulatory programs over the second half, which have already been approved or implemented and which will support growth revenues in the second half of the year.  Obviously, we've had some successful execution of financing transactions required to execute the robust capital expenditure program in 2023. Those really have concluded our long-term debt issuances for the year, thus we've got a good line of sight to the interest expense that we're going to be paying for the rest of this year to support capital programs.  Lloyd mentioned Project Apollo. We're definitely seeing some success as those programs are starting to launch here in the middle of this year. That will give us some tailwinds on the O&M front that we can use to enhance performance.  But the other piece I'd note, just simply, we remain confident in the 6% to 8% annual OEPS growth rate through 2027. And again, I'll just take this moment as an opportunity to remind folks, we project that growth rate off of year-end results for each year of the plan. So while we're now targeting the upper half of the current year guidance range, this flows through into the annual 68% NOEPS across the remainder of the plan period.
Shawn Anderson: Sorry. Just real quick. The only thing I'd add would be with those changes, the NIPSCO investment forecast of $2 billion to $2.2 billion is unchanged, yes.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. The first piece of the question, Julien, and this is Shawn. The first piece of the question, the incremental load that you're alluding to is not captured in the $1 billion. Said differently, the 2021 IRP projected capacity requirements and the load necessary for us to serve our communities, and it provided that with the existing footprint of assets that we're currently engaged commercially to construct. Incremental load would be captured in the next IRP and factored into any future generation planning. That next IRP would be 2024, so we would capture that upside as we rerun the scenarios around load factors next year.  And then the second part of your question, we expect that for purposes of calculating FFO, the treatment of tax credit transfers would be consistent with GAAP accounting. That should result in tax credit transfers flowing through the tax line and increasing FFO, and we understand that our credit rating agencies are evaluating that. But that methodology consistent with GAAP accounting seems to track with us, and we'll continue to stay engaged with the credit rating agencies as they continue their evaluation.
Shawn Anderson: Appreciate the question. So at this point, there's no change to the financing plan we shared at our Investor Day in November. So just to reiterate, this includes no new equity until 2025, no discrete equity issuances to the life of the plan, with ATM maintenance equity beginning towards the latter half of the planned horizon. As we complete the equity units for marketing transaction that we entered into 2021, we'll receive some additional proceeds there. As you know, we received proceeds when we close the transaction with Blackstone. That will provide us a credit cushion relative to the 14% to 16% FFO to debt. We'll be in the 14% to 16% FFO to debt range, but a credit cushion that we could use to apply towards CapEx in 2024 should we need to and should we identify incremental cap opportunities.  What we're currently doing right now is evaluating what those capital opportunities could look like, inclusive of tax equity and how that will create incremental cash flow as you'd expect coming out of our business, and then how that would impact our financing plan throughout the entire horizon. All of that, we expect to be able to step through in the November time frame so it's a bit too early to tell you exactly how that works. But the financing plan itself and the commitments we've made are still consistent with what we made in Investor Day.
Michael Luhrs: The only thing that I'll add to that, Shawn, is we continue to work through the different elements of it. They are progressing well in the work streams of those items, but also in more real terms. When we think about the '22 RFP and the work on that as we finalize it and as we mentioned before, that's going to come back relative to a potential brownfield associated with the site. We already mentioned the 2021 IRP relative to the potential for a new gas . And in addition to that, we continue to evaluate the remaining options in the portfolio that would allow us to meet the commitments that we set associated with the generation transition.
Michael Luhrs: Sure. Happy to do so. Thank you. When we look at it, just to reinforce, I mean we will continue to consist of 8 build transfer agreements and 6 PPAs, and the revised portfolio project is consistent with our current 5-year CapEx rate base financing other prior commitments. But to get a little bit more into your question, we're consistently looking through the portfolio and making sure that we're eliminating risk associated with delivery and providing the best options for customer costs associated with those projects, so we're always looking to optimize them. So as we go through site development and different activities with it, we looked at how to best optimize that portfolio, and that's what you're seeing being done here.  So by doing these projects and the way we've set them up, it gives us a lot of confidence in being able to execute on those plans and deliver those commitments as well as being able to provide the customers the benefits and meet MISO changes as well in the [indiscernible].
Michael Luhrs: So I would say as we go through the projects and as we continue to provide information with IRC and other parties, we will provide updates to those projects as we go through each stage, just like we did with Gibson and the filing associated with that.  But relative to the full ownership, we're finishing our evaluation of the IRA. And as mentioned before, there are significant benefits with the IRA both in tax policy and the ability to maintain the full ownership, which benefits project and portfolio optimization. This gives the capability to remove administrative burden, complexity as well as to optimize the asset, and we're finishing that analysis now and expect to be able to conclude that. But in doing so, if we look at that right now, our plan assumes tax equity for the remaining 4 projects. If we -- pending regulatory approval, if all 4 were included under full ownership, that would require up to $1 billion in additional CapEx.
Michael Luhrs: Yes. So when you look at the current plan, the current plan assumes tax equity if full ownership was done for all 4 projects. Pending any regulatory approvals, it would be up to $1 billion in additional CapEx.
Michael Luhrs: Sure. Happy to do so. So when you look at it, was originally included as the that is being replaced by Gibson, assuming approved by the IURC that was filed. In addition to that, we terminated several PPAs and also added several PPAs, which have been filed with the IURC. So you look at Templeton Wind, Carpenter Wind, Appleseed Solar are all filed with IURC now, and those are really the fundamental changes.  So we had 8 BTAs before. We have 8 BTAs now, it's just Elliott to Gibson. And we have 6 PPAs before, we have 6 PPAs now. And it's Templeton and Carpenter Wind and Appleseed Solar in those versus like Brickyard and Greensboro and Gibson. Those were terminated.
Michael Luhrs: It would be for the remaining 4 projects of the 8. All 8 projects right now in the plan assume tax equity. So it would be for the remaining 4 projects, Cavalry Solar and Storage, Dunns Bridge II Solar and Storage, Fairbanks and Gibson, pending regulatory approval associated with those that if those projects were under full ownership, it would be up to an incremental $1 billion in CapEx.  And the only thing I'd want to add to that is when we look at them, obviously, from the customer side and the benefits, we're making sure that we do full due diligence on that. And to follow up on the previous question just to make sure I got the mix right, it is next era for Templeton and Appleseed, and Carpenter is EDPR.
Michael Luhrs: Well, as we go through the projects and we work through just the normal process of developing the projects and develop -- negotiating the agreements, we're always looking as to how to make sure that we're eliminating risk and bringing in the benefits. So on these individual projects, you combine that with also how we're able to provide the best benefit to customers, and that's what fundamentally led to the changes associated with the projects. That had to do with subcomponents associated with whether it be development costs or certain costs associated with the each individual site, and we try to maintain a robust portfolio of development opportunities that enable us to have that flexibility associated with it. We know no plan goes exactly as planned, so therefore, we want to have flexibility in that plan. And really, it's just working through that normal process of project development, construction siting, et cetera.
Michael Luhrs: Yes. So we're continuing to do the analysis associated with the . We know that looking at it that there would be significant additional requirements. We have not laid out a specific timeline associated with those activities yet or what that would mean relative to our CapEx or financial plans. But the team is well engaged, well underway and working through those as well as we're engaged on how those rules are promulgated and what -- and how we can best benefit customers.
Michael Luhrs: So we haven't completed the work associated with that. As we mentioned, there's additional CapEx included in the placeholder in the plan. We have significant work done from the 2022 RFP associated with that, which is concluding. But beyond that initial work, we will continue to look at opportunities around a diverse mix of assets that fill that $1 billion of CapEx, which is what we have targeted relative to the retirement of the 2028 [indiscernible].  So work is continuing. We'll have more updates as we go through the next Q, and we're continuing to work the '22 RFP associated with it to finalize that.
