Joseph Hamrock: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this first NiSource call since the separation of CPG. Today, we’ll briefly cover our second quarter results and earnings drivers before discussing execution highlights at our utilities. And we’ll close with an overview of our investment proposition and our future business plan as a premier pure-play utility company. And we’ll leave plenty of time for your questions. Before we get into the details though, let me just say how excited I am about the path ahead for NiSource. We’ve set a solid foundation for continued long-term growth and enhanced customer value, guided by an experienced management team with a proven record of execution. And it’s a privilege to represent our team today in sharing some of the highlights of our performance as well as our outlook for the future. As Randy noted, I’ll be referencing a few slides in the supplemental deck that was posted online this morning. First, a few key takeaways for the quarter. For the second quarter, results were solidly in line with our plan. The NiSource team delivered $0.18 per share non-GAAP in the recently completed quarter versus $0.25 per share in 2014. Across the board, we had continued solid execution of our infrastructure investments, customer programs and regulatory initiatives. As Randy mentioned, we finalized the tax-free separation of CPG on July 1. After the market closed on July 1, shareholders received one share of CPG common stock for each share of NiSource common stock. Our commitments through the separation were met, including disciplined cost effective execution, our ongoing focus on customer service and our commitment to investment grade credit. In fact, following the separation, our credit ratings at the three major agencies have either remained the same or improved. Standard & Poor's upgraded our credit rating to BBB plus from BBB minus. Fitch Ratings revised its outlook to BBB minus with a positive outlook from BBB minus with a stable outlook. And Moody’s reaffirmed its rating of Baa2. These ratings set a strong foundation for us as a pure-play utility with significant long-term infrastructure investment opportunities. One of the key value drivers NiSource will continue to offer investors is a solid and growing dividend, which we expect to increase by 4% to 6% annually. We announced our first post separation quarterly dividend of $0.155 per share on July 2, which is consistent with the company’s intention announced in May to increase the initial combined NiSource and CPG dividend by nearly 8%. As we also announced in May, we expect to deliver non-GAAP earnings per share of $1 to $1.10 in 2016 with planned infrastructure enhancement investments of approximately $1.4 billion. Now, let me turn the call over to Donald to review our second quarter financial results highlighted on Page 4 of our supplemental slides.
Joseph Hamrock: The settlement details will be filed later this month and you could look for some potential changes in the timing of the rate implementation in that settlement, but I don’t want to get ahead of the actual settlement itself, the filing of the settlement.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes, we are certainly seeing the steel industry weather some very tough conditions relative to imports, and that – on the industrial side in that particular zone we’re encouraged to see some sign of support from Washington related to the import issues although the recovery looks like it will be prolonged. And on the other side of the coin, we see economic development opportunities emerging, which will provide a nice boost and hopefully a modest offset to the industrial decline in our territory over time. But altogether, the key point here is our outlook factors in those conditions and the effect of that downturn and we remain confident in our guidance for 2016.
Joseph Hamrock: We’re working out the details of that filing as we speak, Paul. The key element for us is to reposition the modernization efforts allowing for the deferral of the tedious investments we’ve made in '14 and '15 rolling those into that rate case and then filing a new tedious plan afterwards. And again, we’ll file that case around October 1.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you, Michelle, and thank you all for joining us this morning. As you can see, NiSource is very well positioned for execution as a premier pure-play utility. Our regulatory efforts continue to play out across the stakes and we’re very encouraged by the opportunities we see in the future. Until next time, I look forward to talking to you then.
