Bob Skaggs: There is no increase in overall revenues for the Indiana gas case. There is a very modest increase on residential customers, it’s a function of rate design and the like. 
Bob Skaggs: Well, for virtually all of our businesses we are earning at or near, or in some cases a bit above allowed returns. The two notable exceptions are in Indiana on the electric side and the gas side, and we’ll start with the electric side. The ROE is in the single digit’s territory, so clearly under performing. On the gas side of our business that ROE is effectively zero, it’s nil. Consequently the aggressive rate activity in Indiana reflects the need to approve the earnings power of these companies.
Bob Skaggs: Paul, just if you have detailed questions of that nature, maybe you could call Randy Hulen immediately after the call and he’ll be more than happy to drill down on that sort of thing for you.
Bob Skaggs: The Indiana Gas depreciation change is going to amount to about $50 million, about reduction. Right now it’s roughly $90 million, and we would reduce that by about $50 million. $25 million of that give or take would be a deferral of depreciation expense for six years or so, and the balance of the reduction is a reduction of the depreciation rate form roughly 5% to roughly 1.5%. So that’s the way the reduction is layered.Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: That sounds like it should be pretty non-controversial.
Bob Skaggs: Working with the board, we continue to review the MLP. A couple of dimensions to that ongoing review is number one, what help does it provide in the way of financing; and then secondly, what will it do for us commercially? So we’re taking a very thoughtful look. It is strategic in nature, and we are approaching it in that way. So Paul it continues, and we’ll be having board meetings next week and this will be a topic of conversation.Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: Then, where are industrial sales kind of relative to how you were thinking about the rollback in February.
Bob Skaggs: Okay. Make just another note on the transfer of the native gas. I did see a report earlier today questioning whether it is in fact recurring. We’ve had a history of storage gas sales, transfers, dispositions. We have also done the same with gas reserves, write aways, and other core assets.  So we do consider part of our ongoing business, supposed to be an extraordinary one continually seeking value from our core assets and that’s just one good example of finding value and will continue to do so.Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: Yes I understand, thank you.
Bob Skaggs: Very little sensitivity now. When you are on a levelized rate design, it affectively normalizes the weather and throughput.
Bob Skaggs: Somewhat, but it is relatively nominal, and we’ll certainly give you those impacts and you will see it in the reconciling schedule one in the earnings release. So we’ll give you that information, but we’ve really dampened the impact of weather and demand in Ohio.
Bob Skaggs: No, it was primarily driven by the increased deliveries, and again the up-tick is relatively normal. It’s about $2 million quarter-over-quarter, so it’s not a big number.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, too early to really give you much more color on that. We are certainly looking at the alternatives and you kind of nailed the book-in’s, but we could consider a small MLP that would be analogous lets say to a spectra; where we can look at the bigger one that Williams has announced. We are practically something in between.  Our prior experience with the MLP rule was gosh, three or four years ago when we did file an S1, you may recall that that S1 was predicated on a small, lets call it drop down sort of MLP. So that’s been our history. Again, we will give this a good thorough look, but at this point I don’t have any bios to share with you or additional color, other than we are going through that structure analysis.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, that’s what I meant to convey in my earlier comments. We are again considering those strategic or value considerations. What it will do for us financing wise, what might it do for us evaluation, and then also commercially, strategically what it would do for us? So those are the sorts of things that we are working through with our board’s finance committee as we speak.
Bob Skaggs: Obviously, the analysis will progress over the course of the summer, and on this call, AGA, certainly the Investor Day we’ll continue to give you an update, and the progress report on the analysis.
Bob Skaggs: Hi, thank you.Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets.: A couple questions, and why not start with NIPSCO gas.
Bob Skaggs: Oh gosh Carl, I think the CapEx decision consideration stands on its own. We are going to look at the needs of that system and invest appropriately. I would just again give you an editorial. The NIPSCO gas system is in exceedingly good shape. So its very modern, safe, reliable system. So just keep that in your mind when you analyze that company.Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets.: Okay, I appreciate it.
Bob Skaggs: You have to help me on that one Carl. The disposition of our non-regulated units?Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets.: Correct.
