Robert C. Skaggs: Typically, we have mineral rights associated with that number. I've got to be clear, we are in the midst of extensive legal geotechnical analysis to prove out, to establish precisely what we have with regard to the 100,000 to 200,000 acres. And to emphasize again, extensive legal and geotechnical work lies ahead.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, that's certainly one approach, but I would say that we are taking through various approaches to best realize the long-term value of the assets and do what is expected, and as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we are intently focused on how to ensure we optimize our downstream investment opportunities that are associated with those lease positions. More to come.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, to your point, we believe that our base business plan is extraordinarily strong. We believe it will be even more strong as we find our minerals position, as we complete the development of this midstream commercial team that Jimmy is compiling. We believe we have a strong, strong prospect and to deviate from that strong plan, it's going to have -- we're going to have to see something that is extraordinarily compelling.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, we're literally at the stage of the process where the Commission is deliberating, so the hearings, the briefing process has been completed so this is in the Commission's office being considered for approval. As you may recall, the parties to the settlement urged the Commission to approve this agreement prior the year-end, and we believe that the way that we've handled the briefing -- the very small amount of opposition, we have a good shot of getting this approved prior to year-end. I don't see any blockages at this point. In terms of ongoing operating earnings lift ballpark number, it's about $40 million pretax. That's what we're looking at in the way of a lift. Yes, I would just remind you, tagging onto that, that we will be providing 2012 guidance probably in that January timeframe when we announce our earnings for the fourth quarter and the full year, and that will include the results of the NIPSCO rate proceeding.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, absolutely, we recognize that. And again, Paul, you and everybody else, we're going to be timely, transparent and it will be meaningful information, so stay tuned.
Robert C. Skaggs: We believe that it's behind us now; never say never. There may be minor additions required in reserve over a period of time, but we believe that this -- [indiscernible] for all intents and purposes of it yet. And this relates to historic PCB cleanup, a consent decree, so this has been placed for many, many years and, again, we believe it's the tail-end of that project.
Robert C. Skaggs: Again, we are going to keep you up on a consistent basis with those discussions. We expect over time that we will be in a position to announce infrastructure investment arrangements with producers, so it's going to be an ongoing dialogue with the financial community.
Robert C. Skaggs: It's impossible to speculate on the exact nature of relationships with those. It's awfully dynamic and it does vary from case to case. But in my first question-and-answer, what I -- maybe the allusion to was at any arrangement we might have around minerals, we certainly want to ensure that we're positioned to capture the bulk of the downstream infrastructure investment opportunities, that sort of our business, investing in infrastructure, we want to capture everything we possibly can.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, the entire oil and gas legal arena is pretty complicated. I want to put it in that context, I'm not sure our leases are extraordinary in one way or another. But if you're going to gain perspective, we're talking about thousands of leases over an extended period of time, it involves many, many different forms of leases and, therefore, different language the lease has been operated differently according to the storage. There are statutory considerations, there are common law considerations, there are equity considerations, so that gives you a bit of the dimensions that are involved when you undertake this sort of an extensive analysis. And again, I would emphasize, Yves, my point of view, this is not really extraordinary when you get into the oil and gas leasing legal arena, but our intent is to fully understand what we're on so we need to go through this very methodically and a very thorough manner.
Robert C. Skaggs: These are leases. We are the lessee, and they are held by our operating corporation, Columbia Gas Transmission.
Robert C. Skaggs: Zip code, area code, what we've tried to be consistent about, we've been saying to the finance community, if we can sustain a -- annual CapEx spend at $1 billion or so, we would be at the upper part of the 3% to 5% range. This is now the second year that we've spent $1 billion. Certainly, next year, we would like to be a bit north of that. So we do believe that we are at a bit of a different zip code, so let's call it 5% though for the time being .
Robert C. Skaggs: I can't give that to you over the phone and follow-up with Randy Hulen. We can you a little bit more of the geographical sense on when the storage assets lie.
Robert C. Skaggs: I would say -- yes, it tends to be midwestern part of Ohio to the Eastern border is what -- where these facilities are. We can make available the Columbia Gas Transmission map and on that map, you will see storage fields, compressors stations and the like, and that will give you a sense -- a general sense of where our facilities are. That's readily available. But as I mentioned in our clear [ph] of questions, I would caution you not to extrapolate too much at this point because it would be pure extrapolation and involve a lot of speculation. But we can clearly -- we can show you where the facilities are situated.
Robert C. Skaggs: That's correct, yes. If you look at where our storage fields are sited, that typically is where the lease is up. That's where the leases are, in fact.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, you're getting way beyond my area of expertise, but one of the key considerations when you do your work around those, the assessment is we have to protect the integrity of the lease operations. That's first and foremost because you go through the geotechnical analysis, the operating analysis, maintain the integrity of the [indiscernible].
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, we leased about 135,000 acres. Typically, the transactions involved an upfront bonus payment and we retained a 1/16 royalty, if you will, in production. In some cases, we may have had rights to proceeds from liquids, a portion of proceeds. So that was the general structure of these arrangements and the counter-parties involved, Chesapeake, CNX and Range.
Robert C. Skaggs: Ballpark, royalty and any proceeds, roughly $10 million pretax. This has been what I said a while earlier in the call, our intent and interest is investing in facilities downstream. We considered these leases as being alignment of interest so that we could again reap the ability to invest downstream as opposed to the primary interest in creating a revenue stream. It's a nice thing to have, but our intent was to align ourselves with CNX, Chesapeake and Range in the Marcellus region.
Robert C. Skaggs: We're assessing that and, again, I alluded to this earlier, the producers are still in the midst of delineating that region and I think we've seen some notional delineation, but I think what's notable is the level of drilling activity in Ohio has still been very, very small. There have been only a dozen or so wells, that many drilled in Ohio, and it hasn't been expansive in terms of geographical coverage. From our perspective, we are very, very early in the stages of -- to understand what we've got.
Robert C. Skaggs: Absolutely. It's going to be Jamie Stayton and his midstream team, coupled with legal and geotechnical advisors that will, number one, identify what we have and develop the strategy to best optimize position, and then begin to plan in executing the strategy.
Robert C. Skaggs: Just general business philosophy is that we are -- we're not a commodity business, we're a fee-for-infrastructure, investment-driven company, so we don't anticipate participating in production and commodity sorts of activities.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thank you all for your interest and your support. We'd certainly appreciate and we look forward to chatting with you in the not-too-distant future. Have a good day and good weekend. Thanks.
