Donald Brown: Thanks, Joe, and good morning everyone. Looking at our third quarter results from slide 4, we had a non-GAAP net operating loss of about $2 million or $0.00 per share compared to net operating earnings of about $35 million or $0.10 per share for the same period in 2018. The biggest drivers of our third quarter non-GAAP financial performance compared to a year ago were higher net revenues, due to the impact of our long-term infrastructure modernization investment, which were offset by increased safety-related spending and higher financing costs. Our 2019 year-to-date net operating earnings are in line with our plans, which puts us on track to achieving our 2019 guidance of $1.27 to $1.33 per share. Before turning to our liquidity and financing plan, I'd like to address Greater Lawrence incident expenses. Our total estimate, which is detailed on slide 9 has remained unchanged from our Q2 earnings release. Going forward with the restoration work complete and the service line verification work nearing completion, we continue to not expect any significant future adjustments to the estimate. However, as a reminder this estimate excludes any amounts we may incur for potential fines and penalties. Also as we previously stated, we expect to recover a substantial portion of our Greater Lawrence incident costs through the $800 million of casualty insurance coverage and $300 million of property insurance in place at the time of the event. We started submitting claims in December 2018 and have collected casualty insurance recoveries of $670 million through September 30th and expect to collect the remaining $130 million for early next year. We also have filed proof of loss with our property insurer for the full cost of the $255 million to $260 million capital investment that we made in replacing the 45 miles of pipe following the event. As the insurance recovery process moves forward, we'll continue to provide quarterly updates on our progress. Now turning to slide 5. I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Following the August issuance of $750 million of 10-year notes at 2.95% interest, our total debt level as of September 30th was about $9.5 billion, of which about $7.7 billion was long-term debt. The weighted average maturity of our long-term debt was approximately 17 years and weighted average interest rate was approximately 4.4%. At the end of the third quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $1.4 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitization program. Our credit ratings from all three major rating agencies are investment grade and we're committed to maintaining our current investment grade ratings. I'd now like to turn to slide 6, which covers our financing plan for our long-term growth investments. Our current plan is approximately $500 million of long-term debt in 2020 and continue to include annual equity in the range of $200 million to $300 million from our at-the-market or ATM equity issuance program, as well as $35 million to $60 million from our Employee Stock Purchase and other programs. Our ATM continues to be consistent with our approach to provide balanced predictable financing for our ongoing infrastructure investments. The primary change to our financing plan is that we now expect a block equity issuance in the range of $500 million to $700 million in 2020. This change is driven by the need to permanently finance the Greater Lawrence event, which excluding the capital investment is estimated to cost approximately $1.4 billion. This total cost estimate is offset by casualty insurance recoveries that are expected to total $800 million and that leaves approximately $600 million to be financed. We evaluated several different approaches to this incremental financing needs and determined that the best option to maintain our credit profile and to achieve our 5% to 7% annual non-GAAP EPS growth commitment is to pursue a common equity issuance in 2020. In our analysis, we believe common equity is less costly than hybrid security alternatives therefore we are no longer planning to issue any hybrid securities such as preferred equity in 2019 or 2020. As Joe mentioned earlier in the call we expect to deliver non-GAAP net operating earnings per share in the range of $1.36 to $1.40 in 2020, which includes the impact of this updated financing plan. This is consistent with our long-term forecast to grow our net operating earnings per share and dividends by 5% to 7% annually through 2022 and we expect to make $1.7 billion to $2 billion at annual capital investments each year from 2020 through 2022. Now I'll turn the call back to Joe for a few infrastructure investment and regulatory highlights.
Donald Brown: Thanks, Julien and good morning. We look at that our long-term guidance on capital both the $1.7 billion to $2 billion that we've got there. There's a lot of focus on the gas side. We certainly haven't seen significant changes on the investments, because of the SMS approach. We're still early in that process. And I think it won't necessarily change that guidance level, but will change the components of the investments we make in each state there. When you look at the increase to $2 billion over the next couple of years we've got a couple of significant projects. One in Ohio that's really a looping project in Central Ohio where we've had some significant growth which runs through a tracker program. So that's the real increase that you'll see over the next couple of years in our guidance.
Donald Brown: Yes. I mean, we've certainly seen some higher cost this year and part of that is really the startup as we look at our process and procedures and roll that out across seven states. I'd say going forward we'll see -- it's a lower increases in the gas segment. We're certainly -- expect that the gas segment will grow 1% to 2% over the next year or so. But the real change comes in our process and procedures and the rigor that we apply to those practices versus increased costs that would drive our overall O&M for the gas segment.
Donald Brown: Let me clarify. We have not determined the timing of that equity. But what I would say is we don't need it until the end of the year. So, it certainly gives us some flexibility to do it during the year or at the end of the year.
Donald Brown: Just looking at our current stock price, our expectations of what that cost of equity is and issuance costs versus what we're seeing for preferred -- both the preferred equity and the subordinated debt. And since you don't get the 100% credit from the agencies for those subordinated notes the overall cost to us appears to been lower to issue the equity.
Donald Brown: It's still early. So we filed in July with the property insurer. The NTSB report came out in late September. And so we really just started at the process with the insurer that now they have access to the pipe and the report that they can do their due diligence on the claim. And so at this point we don't have any recovery in our plan, but certainly going to go through the process to seek to recover all that we filed for.
Donald Brown: So from an insurance standpoint, we would wait for the insurance process to fully finish before requesting any type of recovery on the investments we made last year and early this year in Merrimack Valley. So that timing will matter there on how we seek to recover that through customers.
Donald Brown: I'm sorry. I was muted. So, yes, I do expect that the gas segment will be up slightly year-over-year from an O&M standpoint. But between the corporate segment and the electric segment that will offset an overall O&M should be about flat.
Donald Brown: Well, we're going through that planning now to determine which rate cases if any we would file for next year. As you expect, we're typically in a couple every year across our seven states, but we haven't publicly announced if and when we would file the next rate cases.
Donald Brown: No, I think it is a very good point financially Andy. It is a smaller portion of our business from an earnings standpoint and so it does have less of an impact going forward. But I also understand the concerns and questions that investors and other stakeholders have on that business and how that impacts overall NiSource. But yes it is a smaller portion of our earnings and our capital going forward and that does allow us because we're in six other states to have some flexibility to meet our earnings and growth commitment.
Donald Brown: No, we will not do it this year. Certainly with the insurance recoveries coming in faster than expected, we're confident that we'll meet our credit targets for 2019 and so it's definitely a 2020 issuance.
Donald Brown: That's exactly right. Yes, we need to finance that difference long-term and to meet our credit rating targets we need to issue equity for that difference.
Donald Brown: I'd say it was accelerated. That's the mass work where we really started about nine months before Merrimack Valley event in September. But we certainly accelerated that activity post the event to make sure that we started to implement those processes and procedures across all seven states.
Donald Brown: I'd say it's not SMS. I'd say the big change that we had in this past year, was the low-pressure system work, that we started in 2019 to install the devices across all seven states.
Donald Brown: So that's a big portion of the change, but I'd say, it's kind of across the seven states including electric. That $100 million increase.
Donald Brown: Going forward into 2020 and 2021, it really is Ohio, with the CEP tracker that we have now that most of the capital or all of the capital expense in Ohio is going through the tracker program as well as just increases in Indiana and some other states.
Donald Brown: I think -- to think about is, as you look at the difference between 2018, 2019 and going forward is the investment we made, in Greater Lawrence. Yeah until the $255 million to $260 million is reflected in those two numbers and so you've got that switch of significant rate case investment that we wouldn't have going forward.
Joe Hamrock: Yes, thanks Shar. That's an important topic to update on. So as we have noted that gas leak did not result in any damage to property or any significant consequences, but it has indeed struck some erosion of confidence and trust and concerns in the community and across the state. So the moratorium as it relates to that is we agree with and we are aligned with the DPU a part of our comprehensive efforts to restore confidence and restore trust. That leak as you know relating to work that was done last year on the rebuild. So we've taken a hard look at the rebuild itself and we are continuing to verify the service lines that were abandoned throughout that not in any way related to the leak in September. But our efforts there are comprehensive and focused on restoring trust and confidence. The moratorium itself does two things. It helps to marshal resources for the service line investigations, but also gives us an opportunity to work with the DPU to build assurance of safe operations across the state. We're confident and optimistic that as we work through the remaining phases of the service line abandonment verification and begin to work with the DPU on the audit that we expect to be implemented that we will be on a path to rebuild that trust and confidence and that the moratorium would ultimately be lifted. We don't have a date for that right now, but that's certainly our goal. In terms of long-term impact, we are factoring in some impacts into our 2020 guidance, but on a fairly moderate basis. We expect the suspension of our modernization work the GSEP work to have an impact in 2020. That's inside the guidance. It's a relatively modest impact on CMA and offset to a degree with capital allocation in other states. So it's something we're navigating through and adjusting to as we go through these steps with the DPU. Yes that's exactly it.
Joe Hamrock: No. We haven't set a date for filing. I think what we've said consistently is we'd look at that early next year we'd start to take a look at that. We have a number of steps we need to work through including the investigations with the DPU. They announced as we noted on the call earlier two investigations. One into the incident last year and the other into the response to the incident. And so working through those will be an important part of the overall process with the DPU as we contemplate future rate case activity.
Joe Hamrock: Let me take the last piece first. It's part of the overall solution for the 2023 capacity replacement. The Crossroads filing that we just made mirrors the model that we pioneered earlier with the Rosewater project. The Rosewater was 100 megawatts, Indiana Crossroads is 300 megawatts. As you know Rosewater approved by the IURC, pending at FERC, and we do have private letter ruling support from the IRS. So, we think we have got a good model in place to follow with the Crossroads project and it is consistent to your first question with the RFP from last year. It follows from that it's not related to the new RFP. Most of this is beyond the current CapEx guidance. So, most of what we're talking about with these projects falls beyond 2022. So, our new RFP that's out now we would expect to have into our forecast and planning early next year which should put us in a position sometime next year to extend the guidance beyond 2022. And at that time, we'll be in a much better position to lay out how these projects and any that come out of the current RFP set up for CapEx beyond 2022 and our overall gross guidance beyond 2022.
Joe Hamrock: Yes, thanks, Andy. I think that some of that goes to your earlier question. The core value of the business is intact resilient. We laid out a lot of the investment and regulatory profile even on this call for this year and looking ahead to next year with our guidance. So if you kind of follow the long trajectory here and add to that the work we're doing with our risk analytics and SMS, we see the same if not an enhanced pipeline of the infrastructure investment activities through the foreseeable future then supplement that with the work we're doing to position generation investments in our generation portfolio repositioning work. I'd say we're in a strong, if not a stronger position than we were a year ago set aside Massachusetts and the impact of the Greater Lawrence incident, which as we've talked about today much of the cost of that is now well defined and well accounted for in our plan. So I think it really becomes that core execution strategy and that core execution story that we've always had with a much enhanced level of rigor and risk analytics driving that as we go forward.
Joe Hamrock: Exactly. I think we've got some flexibility to do a forward this year. We haven't determined if we will or not, but certainly have flexibility to push equity needs to the end of next year if that's what makes the most sense.
