Robert C. Skaggs: That's right. We believe that the downstream infrastructure opportunity, assuming robust drilling and activity in that region in the Utica, could approach $1 billion for the entire partnership. So our share would be about $0.5 billion.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. We think this is a 5-year, 7-year sort of proposition. Again, it's going to depend on the pace of drilling activity in the region.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, Hilcorp has been active in the area of interest. They drilled a number of test wells. They're looking at frac-ing approaches, tracking approaches. We don't have IP information at this point, but the initial results and tests indicate that we're in the sweet spot of the region.
Robert C. Skaggs: No. It's fully consistent with Act 11, but I'd make this key observation. We're the first out of the gate. So this is going to be the first case that the commission will consider under Act 11. So it will be, to a degree, precedent setting in breaking new ground in that respect.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, the team, the electric transmission team in NIPSCO continues to do a lot of work with projects, in particular in consultation with MISO. So stay tuned for additional opportunities as the months and years unfold. We believe we certainly have the opportunity to increase the portfolio and the investment opportunity as we look at decongesting MISO and providing increased reliability and increased ability to move electrons from the West to the East.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, let me put the policy in perspective. We've said that the payout ratio should be between 60% and 70%. This year, we're going to be right in the middle of that range, and going forward, we'd like to continue to be, give or take, well within in the range. So the Board's going to look at where we stand with regard to the payout ratio. They're going to look at our intention to consistently grow the dividend. And they're going to look at that 3% to 5% guideline that we provide. So they're going to take all those factors in along with where we stand on CapEx, where we stand with the credit rating agencies, and I think they're going to base their decision on those sorts of factors.
Robert C. Skaggs: More likely than not. Last year, we announced our dividend action at the Annual Meeting in May. And again, not speaking for the Board, but I believe that would tend to be the period we'd gravitate to.
Robert C. Skaggs: All right, Leanne. And to the folks that have participated, we certainly appreciate your interest. Thanks for your support, and have a good weekend and a safe weekend. Thanks so much.
