Bob Skaggs: Number one, on the returns, the returns are consistent with what we talked about in July at the investor day conference. There continues to be a considerable amount of competition throughout the Marcellus shale. We anticipate that that competition will continue. Having said that, Paul, our outlook, be it earnings, CapEx investment, is consistent with our take on the competition in the basin.
Bob Skaggs: Subject to check, we've lapped that, I believe. I think that it wound down during the third quarter give or take, Paul. But we'll check that and get back to you just to make sure that I'm correct.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, it's really the latter, Paul. It's on the back table. We continue to monitor the developments in that market very carefully, but, for us, on the back burner.
Bob Skaggs: Well, we love this portfolio and we're fully committed to the standalone organic growth plan that we've outlined to you.
Bob Skaggs: Just one key, key, key point on context for this case, we filed rate case two under the Commission's expedited rules, processing guidelines and the Commission accepted that filing under those guidelines and, in fact, has established an expedited procedural schedule for the case, Paul, but would provide for a decision during the fourth quarter of 2011. So if this case was litigated, it would proceed along that schedule and we feel confident the Commission would render a decision during the fourth quarter which would enable us to put rates into affect at the beginning of 2012. Now, again, that's context. Our intent, our hope, our desire would be to try to settle this case. As I mention consistently, we put full core press during the first quarter, into the second quarter to attempt to settle this before the other parties have to put their witnesses on the stand and subject them to cross examination. So we're now in a window where we're engaging the parties. We're going to work diligently to try to settle this prior to mid year.
Bob Skaggs: More holistically in the sense that cost allocation is an issue that remains and we have attempted in rate case two to set a direction that would provide the parties an opportunity to compromise on cost allocation. But we believe that will continue to be the key challenge in resolving this case sooner rather than later. Then just let me add, Carl, that we continue to believe that the traditional cost service rate base sorts of issues are straightforward.
Bob Skaggs: We expect all three units to perform well. NGT&S, in particular, we expect a strong year. We have baked into the estimate a relatively conservative outlook on our optimization short-term transportation business at NGT&S, so we believe that hit is behind us. So, again, all three units, Carl, ought to be performing quite well in 2011. That's the expectation.
Bob Skaggs: We believe the core reliability in integrity management spends will be give or take flat year to year. We think some of the headwinds we had with pension expense at NGT&S -- and you'll recall that they're on a cash basis; they're not on an expense basis and that's because of FERC treatment of pension in their rights. So, again, we believe that that will flatten out as well.
Bob Skaggs: Third to fourth quarter was flattish, maybe down a hair, but typically flattish. Year to year, 2010 to 2009, they were up 10% and even more on the gas side of the business but the quarter to quarter, flat.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, it was. We're still watching the market very carefully. I think you may have heard me discuss before that the fit of an MLP given our circumstances is in question. That's something we continue [to debate]. Right now, frankly, we don't think it fits. Having said that, we're not ignoring the performance of the MLP. We believe that it can be an attractive and useful vehicle in certain circumstances. As our plan unfolds, we'll continue to keep it in mind.
Bob Skaggs: Probably [quibble the way] you worded the assumption, but we're not expecting any impact until 2012, calendar year 2012 but I would underscore the team's focus. The team's efforts are centered on attempting to resolve this proceeding by settlement.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, for 2011 as it stands today, we have about $160 million allocated to NGT&S for growth, primarily Marcellus growth and we could see that toggling upwards as opportunities materialize. So that would be the area of sensitivity, the area where we think we have upside on the spin.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, we think we're firmly within that $1 billion to $1.1 billion window. Let me, James, just give you a little bit of additional color. Clearly, the Indiana Commission's approval of the scrubber program in Indiana has tripped a wire for us to begin work on that project, so we're going to accelerate some of that spinning to ensure that we get that scrubber in place and operational by the end of 2013.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, we just believe it's going to be a slow, gradual recovery of the economy. We certainly observe with interest US Steel's recent announcement about market conditions. You may recall they said while they have a good, strong order book for Q1, they were squarely in the camp of believing that the economy was going to continue to be slow and the recovery was going to be measured. Obviously we listen to our big customers pretty carefully and, like them, we just believe it's going to be very, very gradual. That's what the estimate reflects.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, our sense on steel production in our area is about 70% utilization, maybe a little bit north of that number. Again, US Steel indicates that they have a pretty good order book for Q1 and then it's pretty slow after that, so decent utilization rates in our area.
Bob Skaggs: If you go back to 2008, 2009, they were pretty much flat out and then, of course -- I guess it was 2008 -- then it began declining probably as low as 50%, 60% utilization.
Bob Skaggs: Well, again, the key going forward is resolution of this new NIPSCO rate case. I mentioned cost allocation rate design. The impact of load growth will be determined by how those rates are designed.
Bob Skaggs: We call this business park and loan optimization and Columbia Gas Transmission is the primary pipe for that activity. Historically, the business has ranged from $15 million to $20 million annually to as high as $40 million annually. I alluded to 2009 in NGT&S we exceeded $40 million in revenue. But this market, this line of business, which is relatively small for us at the margin, is solely dependent on gas price volatility and, more particularly, [wood] seasonally spreads are -- that's how we capture the margin on this short-term park and loan activity. So 2009 we were at $40 million, 2010 that number dropped to $20 million, again, a function of price volatility. Going forward we baked into the forecast a more modest level. In or about $20 million is what the forecast reflects.
Bob Skaggs: Summer, winter spread, they park the gas in our storage and then withdraw in the winter when prices are higher.
Bob Skaggs: [Penstar] team is actively marketing the project and so there are literally real-time discussions with a wide variety of key shippers. We expect that process to continue for the next 30 to 90 days.
Bob Skaggs: Correct. We originally talked in terms of roughly 2012 but with the softening of gas prices we're now talking in terms of 2013, so you're spot on.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, on renewals we expect to have strong renewals this year. We, frankly, don't have much coming up in 2011. 2012, 2013 we have a bigger slug of renewals due. In fact, Columbia Gas of Ohio has a fairly significant contract position that's due for renewal in 2012, 2013. Right now the outlook assumes that we have no significant turn back. We have no significant reduction in rate levels. One thing I would point out, when you look at throughput, Columbia Gulf throughput has held up good during 2010. It was down during the first half, then recovered quite well. So that's number one. Then number two, we've had a couple of recent renewals that, again, would indicate that Columbia Gulf is going to be very competitive and we feel good about the position of that pipeline.
Bob Skaggs: It's an active session in the legislature. You may recall that current governor, Mitch Daniels, is in the final two years of office. This election cycle gave him not only a republican senate but a republican house. So he has an aggressive agenda lined up to complete his term as governor. We and other utilities have been discussing legislative proposals that would help, we believe, streamline and modernize IURC regulation. Those packages are still in the discussion phase and have not yet really garnered a lot of air time at the legislature at this point but we continue to work on that.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, you do. You've got it. Now, one thing, again, though, I just want to highlight in 2012, 2013 we have one significant agreement with Columbia Gas of Ohio that needs to be dealt with. The reason I highlight that is it's a relatively sizeable agreement and you may know or recall that in Ohio we, like the other utilities, have moved to an open access auction process and questions around capacity and the like still need to be dealt with. So, again, that's more of a highlight. We don't feel alarmed about it. Again, we believe Columbia Gulf is in great competitive position.
Bob Skaggs: No. Columbia Gas Transmission, the big pipe, is completely sold out. We believe that status is going to continue.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, the economy would be the key driver to push up would be one. Two, we talked about park and loan optimization activity. So if seasonal spreads expanded materially -- and they would have to expand materially -- those two would be the key drivers that might push us in a positive fashion.
Bob Skaggs: Very similar to what is reflected in 2010 on the industrial side and very similar on the electric residential to what you saw in 2010 about a 1% growth there. Residential natural gas usage, which we've insulated for the most part, would be a reduction of about 1%.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, but, again, on the gas side, you recall many of our LDCs have mitigated their loss through rate design. When you're running your model you have to take that into account, Ohio being a great example where they're at straight fixed variable rate design.
Bob Skaggs: Again, don't -- I would suggest that you not shorthand it because I mentioned 1% growth on the residential side on the electric. [Commercial] is flat to slow growth and, again, the industrial is very slow.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, it's not material. It wouldn't move the needle very much. Randy can get you a better number, a thumbnail sort of number, but it really wouldn't draw the earnings. What I would probably push you too, again, is park and loan activity and then if we saw a material increase in industrial volumes.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, just to clarify, the electric rate case two in Indiana, we believe the window is open now and would extend through most of the second quarter of this year. We say that because of the way the procedural schedule is established in Indiana that I mentioned.
Bob Skaggs: I think it's minimal. I think it's going to be manageable situation. We can get you a more exact number on the value of the entire contract and then you can make book around it. But, again, we believe that the capacity position is extremely valuable and if our Columbia Gas of Ohio subsidiary doesn't use it then the marketer supplying that -- participating in that program, supplying that market, will pick up the capacity.
Bob Skaggs: We anticipate $600 million over a six to eight-year period for the environmental. We did accelerate a bit of the environmental spin once. We received the certificate from the Indiana Commission but it really didn't move the needle dramatically.
Bob Skaggs: Really the only change would be on the discount rate if that's what you're referring to and it reduced by about 50 basis points. But Steve can walk you through that real quickly.
Bob Skaggs: I have no idea. I have no idea. Obviously we operate in seven states on the gas distribution side and we have the FERC, so hard for me to hypothecate what approvals would be needed under any scenario. I know that when we went through the NiSource of Columbia transaction we probably had a handful of states and FERC to deal with. Just to remind you, we love our standalone, organic growth plan. We love these assets.
Bob Skaggs: Thanks, [Danielle]. Again, we appreciate everyone's interest and support and we look forward to talking to you in the not too distant future. Have a good day. Be safe.
Steve Smith: The accelerated depreciation resulting from the legislation passed here recently, over the next couple of years, 2011, 2012, it's going to provide between $300 million and $400 million of benefit over the next several years, so it is a timing mechanism. You'll recall that in 2011 we get 100% bonus depreciation and in 2012 we get 50% bonus depreciation. So we've taken a rough estimate at what we believe bonus depreciation will provide to us in 2011 and that's in between $150 million and $200 million. That is reflected in the sources and uses statement for 2011.
Steve Smith: It provides us enhanced flexibility, with which we're very pleased with. For guidance purposes, we're assuming that we would pull half of the forward sales down at the end of the third quarter in 2011. But it's something that we look at routinely. As I would point out again, it does provide us with a lot of additional flexibility.
Steve Smith: In terms of our need to access the debt capital markets in 2011, we don't necessarily need to do that to take care of everything that we need to take care of. However, I will point out that the markets appear to be in pretty good shape and we do have a maturity in 2012 of around $315 million. So we look at accessing the debt capital markets opportunistically and I would say we don't need to access them in 2011 but we want to maintain that option to the extent we like what we're seeing in the markets we may go ahead and take some of that 2012 maturity off the table.
Steve Smith: We're in the process of renewing our facility and the size of it is going to be maintained at $1.5 billion. We're looking at a four-year renewal. You'll also be aware that the facility actually expires in July of 2011, so we are getting ahead of the curb here and anticipate that we'll have that new facility closed within the first quarter. Pricing has gone up. The old facility was in the LIBOR plus 50 to 60 basis point range. The new facility is in the LIBOR plus 200 basis point range.
Steve Smith: No, I think we're in good shape at $1.5 billion of liquidity and I would just point out that we have moved to an auction arrangement for a percentage of the volumes in Ohio and so over the next two to three years we'll see probably a reduction for liquidity as a result of that transition. At this point, though, we feel that $1.5 billion is adequate and we want to maintain it there for the foreseeable future. We don't anticipate needing more liquidity than that.
Steve Smith: Right, Paul, return on assets we're still assuming 8.75% for 2011 and beyond and our discount rate at year end was 5%. A year ago it was 5.54%, so the discount rate went down about 54 basis points. I would point out that the year was pretty good in 2010 and we were in the 13% to 14% return overall on our pension, so that helped.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: Just to ask the question a little more specifically, MLP, does this make more sense, less sense? I think your last comment was "back burner."
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: Second, to guidance, I assume in the $1.25 to $1.35 for '11 you're assuming a fully litigated outcome in Indiana such that there's no rate case impact in that range.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: Then maybe to Steven on financing needs; I appreciate your comments on the forward settling half in third quarter of '11. What would that suggest debt needs are and, again, I guess, assuming you're 100% accurate on your estimates for accelerated depreciation of '11.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: Then, Bob, back to you, on capital spending you used the term up to $1.1 billion. I certainly understand that circumstances dictate changes throughout a year. But maybe talk about how that $1.1 billion might change and, if you can, certainly for GT&S how the segment breakdown might start to look.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: But you would say $1 billion is about the downside? Again, I'm not trying to pin you too much but -- .
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: Lastly, Bob, on the economy, I think one of the last questioners was talking about 4Q versus 3Q, which was interesting rear view mirror stuff. But I'd love your sort of feel of what the economy's suggesting to you all right now for the balance of 2011 and particularly in Indiana where you're sitting but as well throughout the other territories.
