Robert C. Skaggs: Thanks, Glen, and good morning, and thanks for joining us. For today's agenda, we'll touch on key highlights from another solid quarter. I'll ask Steve Smith, our Chief Financial Officer, to summarize our financial results. I'll then touch on some key upcoming execution markers and initiatives across each of our business units. And then we'll open the call to your questions. Let's start with key takeaways on Slide 3 in the supplemental deck that was posted online this morning. First and foremost, as we announced in our earnings release, NiSource's infrastructure-focused investment strategy once again delivered financial results in line with our expectations and consistent with our 2013 earnings guidance range of $1.50 to $1.60 per share, non-GAAP. We also announced that, thanks to our robust and growing inventory of accretive infrastructure investment opportunities, we're enhancing our 2013 capital program. We're now targeting an investment level of about $2 billion for 2013, up from our original $1.8 billion plan. Virtually all of these additional capital investments are allocated to track infrastructure replacement and modernization programs. And just a reminder, about 75% of our capital investments are focused on accretive growth and other revenue-generating opportunities. Another notable development during the quarter was the successful completion of our Pennsylvania rate case. We placed new forward-looking rates into effect July 1 as part of a settlement that, in addition to other benefits, will increase annual revenues by about $55 million. Meanwhile, our team at the Columbia Pipeline Group, or CPG, is on track with the initial phases of our landmark system modernization program. With a number of projects currently in flight, we're on pace to make our first tracker filing by the end of the year, with recovery slated to start in February 2014. And at NIPSCO, we became the first Indiana utility to file an electric infrastructure modernization plan under recently enacted Senate Bill 560. NIPSCO's 7-year, $1 billion plus plan involves systematic replacement and modernization of our core electric utility infrastructure. We anticipate action by the commission and initiation of the investment early in 2014. In a nutshell, we're pleased to report continued, steady, disciplined execution of our strategy during the second quarter. With delivery on an expanding array of customer, regulatory and growth initiatives, our team's performance has kept us squarely on target to deliver on our earnings commitments for 2013. So with that overview, I'll turn the call over to Steve Smith to take a closer look at our second quarter financial results referenced on Page 4 of our supplemental slides.
Robert C. Skaggs: Correct. Yes. Paul, I would just say, just from our perspective, a clean quarter. And again, what's notable are the accomplishments the team posted on the initiatives.
Robert C. Skaggs: It's been in the plan, and we have talked about it fairly extensively. So it's reflected in the numbers.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, Paul. And you'll recall that at our Analyst Day last year, we suggested the need for equity in and around 2015 in an amount that would be similar to what we did a couple of years ago. And we believe, for planning purposes and modeling, that continues to be a sound assumption. And Steve can mention a couple of things that have enhanced our cash position. In fact, he alluded to those in his prepared remarks. But, Steve, maybe you can give a little more color around that.
Robert C. Skaggs: That's correct in part. It is an acceleration of some of the spending that we have inherently with the infrastructure replacement programs. It's also a bit of an uptick in new business. So we are seeing some organic growth, if that's the right term, in new customer additions. And that's helped elevate the number.
Robert C. Skaggs: We're seeing it across all of the companies. Typically, we see more in Virginia, relatively speaking, but we're seeing a bit of an uptick across the board. Now having said that, it's not dramatic. But over the past couple of years, we've seen the new adds come back. All told, across the Gas Distribution group, probably $100 million, $125 million is spent on new customer additions -- will be spent for new customer additions in 2013.
Robert C. Skaggs: You're really going down the right track. It's a number of relatively small incremental projects that surfaced during the year, and we felt confident enough to launch those programs and increase the spend.
Robert C. Skaggs: No, no. It's still consistent with plan. So it's still consistent with plan. We've talked about additional phases down the road for Pennant. We're not there yet, but as I suggested in the prepared remarks, we're very encouraged by initial drilling results. We're encouraged by the additional -- or the drilling program for 2014. And so Pennant remains on track.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, your first point is correct. Across NiSource, about 75% of our spend is via tracking mechanisms or relatively frequent rate cases. So a number like that, 75%, is probably relatively a good number to use at NIPSCO. Now the point on rate case, the Senate Bill 560 requires a filing company, somebody participating in that program, to file a rate case within that 7-year period. Our current expectations, and they're current, would suggest we would file at the latter stages of that 7-year period. But that's as we stand here today.
Robert C. Skaggs: Similar. There are some differences, but it's very, very similar. It's akin to what we see in other states.
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, it's a process. So the first round, you basically introduce the projects. You introduce the approximate routing. The second round, you come back with more concrete information that begins to hone in or narrow down to a more specific route. And again, you give the opportunity to folks to vet that, to lodge their concerns, their interests and the like, and we try to be responsive. So it's part of a comprehensive outreach plan.
Robert C. Skaggs: All right, Janada. Thank you, everybody. Again, we appreciate your participation, your interest and support. And we will see you in the not-too-distant future. Have a great day. Thanks.
Stephen P. Smith: Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. As Bob mentioned, our team again delivered a very strong quarter. NiSource delivered net operating earnings, non-GAAP, of about $73 million, or $0.23 per share, during the second quarter. That compares with about $64 million, or $0.22 per share, for the same period last year. Our operating earnings for the quarter came in at about $195 million. As we noted on our last quarterly call, our results reflect our $340 million forward sale equity issuance completed in the third quarter of 2012, which added approximately 24 million common shares compared to the same period last year. For 2013, we expect this to have about an $0.08 per share impact on earnings. On a GAAP basis, our income from continuing operations for the quarter was about $72 million, or $0.23 per share, compared to about $68 millio,n, or $0.25 per share, in the second quarter of last year. Schedules 1 and 2 to our earnings release show the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciling items. Turning to our business units. Columbia Pipeline Group, or CPG, delivered operating earnings of about $89 million in the second quarter compared to $92 million for the prior year. Net revenues, excluding trackers, were down about $8 million at CPG for the quarter due to reduced depreciation rates resulting from the Columbia Transmission customer settlement. CPG remains on track to deliver earnings in line with our plan for the year. NIPSCO Electric delivered operating earnings of about $59 million compared to $60 million for the prior year. Net revenues, excluding trackers, were up about $7 million for the quarter, partially as a result of increased recovery of environmental investments. And NiSource Gas Distribution, or NGD, delivered operating earnings of $52 million compared to $51 million for 2012. NGD net revenues, again, excluding trackers, were up about $21 million for the quarter due primarily to our infrastructure replacement programs. As Bob noted, we're pleased to report that we're squarely on track to deliver earnings within our guidance range for the year. Turning to Slide 5. Let's quickly touch on our financing and liquidity highlights. Thanks to disciplined capital management practices, our liquidity position remains strong at approximately $1.4 billion as of the end of the second quarter. We expect this position to maintain its strength throughout the year. This is supported by a number of developments in the first half of the year, including the sale of our retail services business, proactive financing and the extension of bonus depreciation. Finally, I will note that as of June 30, our debt-to-capitalization ratio was 58.6%, which is what we expect to effectively maintain on an ongoing basis, give or take 1% or so. Before turning the call back to Bob, I would like to take the opportunity to reiterate NiSource's core financial commitments, which are: maintaining our stable investment grade credit ratings; growing earnings by 5% to 7% annually; growing the dividend by 3% to 5% annually; and maintaining a strong liquidity position, all while supporting our approximately $2 billion investment program. With that, I'll turn the call back to Bob.
Stephen P. Smith: Yes, sure. Thanks, Paul. The year-to-date results so far are right in line with our expectations for our guidance range of $1.50 to $1.60. And I would note that we had a number of items that came in the first 6 months that will be benefiting the latter half of the year. For example, the Columbia Pennsylvania rate case is effective July 1, so that's going to contribute significantly to the latter half of 2013. We also had an IRP filing in Ohio in the May time frame, so we'll be enjoying those benefits throughout the balance of the year. And in addition, we also had an environmental recovery mechanism tracker in Indiana filed at that time frame as well, which will benefit us going forward. On the pipeline side, we also have a number of projects that will be coming up to speed for us in the latter part of the year. First is the Pennant project and the Big Pine project, both of which that Bob mentioned, and also the Millennium Minisink project for the latter half of the year. So we feel very comfortable about where we stand year to date. We think we're squarely in line with where we expect to be and believe our guidance is appropriate and are reaffirming it.
Stephen P. Smith: Well, I would say, as you know, we did a $750 million, 30-year bond deal not too long ago at 4.8%. With respect to additional financing in 2013, we're looking at potentially tapping the markets in the late third quarter or early fourth quarter in the $300 million to $500 million range. We haven't yet determined what the appropriate maturity will be there. But we expect to do some capital markets activity on the debt side in late third quarter or early fourth quarter of this year.
Stephen P. Smith: Right. Thanks, Bob. Yes, the other things that we were able to accomplish here in the first of the year was the sale of our NiSource retail services business for approximately $120 million. The other benefit that we're enjoying is the extension of bonus depreciation, which should contribute approximately $250 million of benefit to us. So that's in excess of $350 million of incremental cash that are helping us spend at a slightly higher rate this year.
Stephen P. Smith: Yes, no. Charles, that's a deferred tax liability that we had on the balance sheet we didn't need to carry any longer. And so that benefit was approximately $4 million in the quarter. And we also had a few other items that contribute $1 million here or there. So we don't expect that effective tax rate to continue at that rate. We anticipate that it will bounce back up.
