Joseph J. Hamrock: Thanks, Randy. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Today, we'll briefly cover our third quarter 2015 results and earnings drivers before discussing specific highlights for several of our utilities. We'll close with the review of our investment proposition and long-range business plan. And we'll leave plenty of time for your questions. As you'll hear throughout today's call, our results and our look ahead reinforced the strength of our 100% regulated utility business model. During the quarter, we continued our disciplined execution of infrastructure and environmental investments complemented by regulatory initiatives which are providing long-term safety, reliability and environment benefits for our customers and the communities we are privileged to serve. Let's first highlight a few key takeaways for the quarter on slide 3. Our results were solidly in line with our expectations. The NiSource team delivered net operating earnings of $0.06 per share in the recently completed quarter versus a loss of $0.03 per share in the same period in 2014. In addition to the successful separation of Columbia Pipeline Group, the NiSource team sustained execution of our well-established plan during the quarter. For example on the regulatory front, in Massachusetts, we received a final order from the DPU approving our base rate case settlement. The approved settlement supports our effort to modernize and replace aging pipeline infrastructure to ensure continued safe and reliable service. In addition, we reached a settlement agreement with parties in our Pennsylvania base rate case filed earlier this year and also received final commission approval of a settlement in our Virginia base rate case as well as approval of a five-year extension of our infrastructure modernization program in Virginia. And in Indiana, we filed our first electric base rate case in five years. I'll provide additional details on these regulatory developments later in today's call. On the capital investment front across all of our companies, we remain on track with our planned total capital spend of approximately $1.3 billion in 2015. Before turning the call over to Donald to highlight our financial results in more detail, I want to reinforce our 2016 guidance and long-term outlook. As previously announced, we expect to deliver non-GAAP net earnings per share of $1 to $1.10 in 2016 with planned infrastructure enhancement investments of approximately $1.4 billion. And in the years ahead, we remain committed to our annual projected dividend and earnings growth range of 4% to 6%. Now, let me turn the call over to Donald to review our financial results in more detail which are highlighted on page 4 of our supplemental slides.
Joseph J. Hamrock: No, nothing substantial in terms of the shift in the rate design on the LDC side of the business; just continued execution of the investment plan and regulatory cadence across really all of the states with the mix of base rate case outcomes and tracker mechanisms contributing to the revenue side of the equation. And I would add disciplined expense control across the business as well.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah, those are as you know very important customers to us, a critical part of the Northwest Indiana economy. And we've been very tuned in to the pressure they've been under from international trade and have seen signs of moderation in that this year, but still a very flat load profile on the industrial particularly the steel side. It's important to note that 2014 was a bit of an anomaly in terms of the load from that sector with them depending more on our generation than their own internal generation in that year due to weather conditions and operating conditions. But nonetheless, on a moderate to mid-term basis, we're off by probably 7% or so on a year-to-date basis on the steel load in Northwest Indiana and we'd expect slow recovery, slow and steady recovery. The other side of that though, Paul, is we're seeing really strong signs of economic development in other parts of the Northwest Indiana economy that while not completely offsetting the steel issues, certainly provides some stability for us.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah, that's exactly right. Last winter was the harsh operating conditions in the weather. Some of the industrials were not able to run internal generation, so we served that load and that contributed to an uptick in the 2014 industrial load profile relative to what I would call normal in the prior couple of years. So if you looked at 2015 over versus maybe a three to five year strip of the prior of years, it's pretty consistent with the prior years in general but off of 2014 because of that.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah, that's a good, probably a good representative indicator of what we might see in a quote/unquote normal year.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah, I'd call it relatively flat on a normalized basis right now, and the outlook will be continued relatively flat load from that sector.
Joseph J. Hamrock: It's always a part of any rate case and just in terms of revenue allocation across different customer groups. Keep in mind the test year goes through end of March of this year, 2015, so that's the load profile. That's the starting point for the rate case and reflects a little bit of that but doesn't give you a full picture of the outlook for industrial. So you'll see a little bit of that in the rate case. A little bit of adjustment for that.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah, yeah. I haven't seen anything that would double, but that would be interesting. I won't speculate on M&A, Andy. Certainly we're watching with interest the recent announcements in our space. But we remain very focused on our plan, which delivers sustained growth through the clearly identified $30 billion of regulated infrastructure investments. And as you know, that's well supported by our stakeholders. And we're well capitalized with significant scale to continue to execute on that. So that's what we're focused on and we'll remain focused on that.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah, I'd say we're on plan as we speak, as we look at the 2015 performance year to date. We're on plan. Lots of puts and takes within the plan, but certainly right about where we would expect to be. Our outlook remains confident around the range we've provided for next year as well as the long-term growth rate of 4% to 6% EPS and dividend growth.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah, Charles, that's a good way to describe it. We've always portrayed the electric (24:32) ramping up over time. In the original filing, the original plan, that's what it reflected. As you know, we'll file a new plan starting with 2016 investments by the beginning of next year. And you would expect to see that same kind of a ramp rate in that plan as we go forward. We remain very committed to those investments. We think they're essential. And it will basically fill in, if you think about NIPSCO's total CapEx profile, it will basically fill in over time as the generation investments ramp down and ramp off.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah, we haven't stated that. We haven't indicated that we've put a specific two-year plan in place. But I would say the $1.4 billion that we've committed to for 2016 is a good indicator of where we expect to be over the long run with a modest general upward bias to that number.
Joseph J. Hamrock: In general – you said on the electric side. In general across NiSource, we're going to run 6% to 8% rate base growth over the long run. And that'll move a little bit between Electric and Gas. But it's a good range for both segments.
Joseph J. Hamrock: Yeah, that's a fair question. We're not yet ready to narrow or revise guidance for next year. So, certainly not in that position yet. And I think you've fairly characterized some of the major drivers. If you look at really any given year in our planning horizon, regulatory outcomes are the likely swing factors within the guidance. And so as we look at the electric case at NIPSCO, certainly one of the factors that could move the needle a bit within guidance. But we're confident in that range and very confident in the kind of the middle of that range.
Joseph J. Hamrock: We have not decided that yet. We certainly guided early for 2016 because of the separation, and we thought it was appropriate to come out as we separated NiSource and CPG for both sides to give a good look at the first full year of operations. Whether we'll look that far out in the future is yet to be determined.
Joseph J. Hamrock: All right, Andrew, thank you very much. And thank you all again for participating today and for your ongoing interest in NiSource. We certainly look forward to sharing continued updates on our progress, and meeting with you, many of you at EEI next week. So have a great day. Take care.
