Joseph Hamrock: Thanks Randy. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to report on our first quarter 2019 results, which reflect our team’s continued execution of our long-term utility infrastructure modernization program. These programs are the foundation of our focus on safety and enhancements to our GAAP distribution system across all seven states. In addition, we continue to advance our electric generation strategy in Indiana and our dedicated team continues to support customers and communities in the Merrimack Valley during Phase II of our restoration work. With the progress we have made thus far, NiSource is well positioned to deliver on its commitments for 2019. Let’s turn to Slide 3, which summarizes our key accomplishments through the first quarter and early second quarter of the year. We delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of $0.82 per share versus $0.77 in 2018 in line with expectations and positioning us to deliver net operating earnings per share within our $1.27 to a $1.33 guidance range for 2019. We also continue to expect to complete $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion in capital investments in 2019 in line with our guidance. We remain confident in our long-term forecast of 5% to 7% annual growth of our non-GAAP earnings per share and dividend from 2019 through 2022 and capital investments of $1.6 billion to $2 billion annually from 2020 through 2022. Gas system safety enhancements remain a key focus across our seven state footprint. We are executing on our accelerated safety management system or SMS implementation. Our SMS is aligned with a framework developed for pipeline operators by the American petroleum institute. SMS is a comprehensive approach to managing safety, emphasizing continual assessment and improvement and identifying and mitigating potential operational risks proactively. To provide independent review and oversight of our SMS implementation we have established the quality review Board Chaired by former U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray Lahud. In addition to Mr. Lahud the five member QRB includes experts with diverse backgrounds spanning the aviation, energy and nuclear industry. I'm honored that Secretary Lahud agreed to Chair our QRB, which has begun its work and is providing significant benefits through the experience and expertise of all five members. I can also report progress on our commitment to install over pressurization protection, automatic shut off devices on low pressure systems. Initial pilot projects have been completed and work has begun across all of our operating areas. These devices operate like circuit breakers, they are designed so that when they sense operating pressures that is too high or too low they immediately shut down gas to the system, regardless of the cause. This work remains a top priority. Our gas team continues to execute on the regulatory initiatives with the unanimous settlement filed in our Virginia base rate case, approvals of modernization tracker update in Ohio and Massachusetts and the first annual update application filed in our new capital expenditure program in Ohio. In Indiana we filed a partial settlement last week with key stakeholders in our electric base rate case which addresses our revenue requirements Federal Tax Reform and depreciation schedules related to the early retirement of our coal plants. And our electric team continues to advance our generation strategy with our wind farm applications filed and awaiting regulatory approval. Customer support efforts continue in the Merrimack Valley as well, with the end of the winter heating season work has begun to replace heating equipment that was repaired in the weeks after the mid September event. Approximately 875 customers are receiving new finances or boilers with installations expected to be completed by September 15th of this year. Our team continues to process customer claims, provide repair support on appliances in heating equipment and restore private and community property effected by last fall’s restoration work. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Donald, who will discuss our financial performance in more detail. Donald.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. Thanks Mike. I won't opine on the Vectren IRP, but I will talk about our approach and for us the first principle throughout the entire process have included a transparent evaluation of all of the viable options that we saw for replacement capacity in particular and then tested that through an RFP a transact able RFP last year with the broadest possible stakeholder participation. And we believe this approach stands up well as the IURC evaluates our filings our CPCN filings, that of course follow that IRP and are consistent with that strategy. And we will continue to move through this process embracing those principles including later this year as I noted earlier our expectation for an next round of RFPs to continue to show what is available in the market and what the best solutions will be for our replacement capacity going forward. I think the IURC and all of our stakeholders value that approach and have been very engaged in that approach throughout.
Joseph Hamrock: You know I would say it's not surprising, it's not unexpected that various groups would try to protect their interest and we certainly welcome that this course and welcome the opportunity to discuss that and again it all risks on our approach of putting all the options on the table and making sure that we can all see as objective and transparent picture as possible. And I think that stands up well as we move forward through what by any measure the pretty dynamic and complex transition in Indiana in particular, but in general across the country.
Joseph Hamrock: I think it's too early to try to predict all that. It does appear that the more moratorium is off the table right now, we are proceeding on the course that we were on before, all of those activities, but we will continue to monitor that and we will continue to look forward attractive one on here and we expect that to be the case.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes, Julien let me take the first part of that now and I will ask Donald to touch on the financing. I will note and Donald touched on this in the earlier remarks, but several factors drove the change to the cost estimates this quarter, which were up approximately 20% from prior estimates. Those factors include finalizing emergency response and construction cost, billing as well as adjusting legal liability and settlement reserves based on our current view. And despite these adjustments, we are confident in reaffirming our 2019 guidance our long-term annual growth rate and maintaining our current financing plan. And I think it's important to note that key drivers for us is always include regulatory timing and out outcomes and financing cost and timing and in the cycle that we are in were also drivers within our range include timing of insurance recoveries as it relates to the cash flows here. So we will continue to provide updates each quarter as it relates to all of these factors, but I do feel like we continue to put more of this in the rearview mirror than not. Donald.
Joseph Hamrock: And Julien, you asked about the regulatory. We haven't made any decisions at this point about regulatory plans in Massachusetts, as it relates to the investments in pipeline replacement in the Merrimack Valley. As we have noted before, and as it is noted here, we are working with our property insurance on that side and we will go to that process before we make any determination on the regulatory front.
Joseph Hamrock: So let’s start with the insurance cost and recovery there. Certainly there is a process to go through each claim, understand the claims, how we made decisions on the claims process. The first couple of insurance providers and our tower has been very constructive and consistent. We haven’t seen at this point any significant concerns about the cost that we incurred for the restoration events and the construction events last year. And so at this point we are confident in that process and certainly we will continue to have conversations as we walk through each of those claims. But we have provided the full amount of the costs and our estimates to all of our insurance provider and so they are all seeing that information and now it’s really the process going through provided-by-provider as they work through their process to get comfort with the costs. On the other third-party claims and litigation reserves, I would say the big change really is the timing of having conversations. You think about where we were at year end, at the time we were still finishing up the restoration and so it really have allowed us here in the first quarter to start having conversations with the different third-parties, whether that is the municipalities or other claims that - larger reserves and litigation reserves that we have had here in the first quarter. So it did have the announcement earlier this week about one of the significant injury claims that we were able to settle and so that is certainly in our reserve estimate and we will continue to have more conversations with the different third-parties.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes it’s still early, as we said the amount of preferred equity that we may need will depend on the cash flow this year and in particular the timing and amount of the insurance recovery. So it’s too early at this point, but it’s still something that we are looking at as an opportunity this year.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. So thanks Chris good morning. The T DISC statue that is now passed brings substantial clarity for all of us regarding eligible investments, it also provides opportunities for advanced technology investments on the electric side, as well as targeted economic development investments on the electric side, which is a great feature. So as we look at the new gas plant, we are in a cycle where we would want to be updating anyways, since the current plan runs through 2020. So it will just set us up to file for the next plan, so to speak. On the electric side, we are evaluating the opportunities that might exist or the options that might exist as a result of the legislation. And we may or may not file a new plan there. We are continuing to evaluate that, because the electric plant runs through 2022. So it's more about the clarity that it brings in how much value that might provide for all stakeholders as we step through the next couple of years.
Joseph Hamrock: I wouldn’t say that we are being held back, we are progressing through a series of restoration activities. As it relates to some of the claims there is really no relationship between the claims issues and the rate case itself, except we on the properties side, which I noted earlier where we are looking at the investments we made there. And we do want to make sure we proceed through the insurance process before we establish a strategy for the regulatory. So I wouldn’t call that holding it back, I think it’s just order of operations so to speak before we determine what the best course of action would be on the regulatory side. Any other thing I would note is we did pull a settlement last year so we have got some work to do to get back to where we were before we even put the replacement investments into the rate base last year. So we have got some things to work through, but it’s not about being held back, it’s really about an orderly process to get to the best strategy.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. I think what we have said before is it will be late this year early next year before we make decisions. So it wasn’t about the timing of a case, but it was about the timing of a decision.
Joseph Hamrock: Hi good morning Charles. That is a great question I think it’s too early to tell. I think it’s back to the point I made a few minutes ago about evaluating some of the new features in the TDISC statue, especially around economic development and advanced technologies. So grid modernization in particular, some advanced grids investments might be a good opportunity that would have been in traditional rate cases where not for this legislation. We will evaluate that it could move that line, but right now it’s too early for us to say that with any clarity.
Joseph Hamrock: Its Joe here. The other things I would note is the adjustments this quarter are not all related to claims and litigation, there is a number of other factors driving it. So I just don’t want you to walk away thinking that whole adjustment was based on claims alone. As I noted earlier, and as Donald noted, it was also true ups to some of the restoration costs from last year, some of the mutual assistance cost, so there is a lot of different things moving inside that adjustment that we have booked this quarter.
Joseph Hamrock: Okay, yes. On the gas side, possibly I don’t think we have enough clarity to go back and sort of back cast what we originally filed. Keep in mind those are pretty small changes in the original plan as we adjusted through the various filings. So even if it was kind of a back to where we were it’s not a significant shift there. On the electric side it’s possibly a little more interesting as we look at advanced technologies and some of those, but too early to say that with clarity.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you Deranda and thanks all of you for your participation today and your continued interest in, in support of NiSource. Have a great day.
Donald Brown: Thanks Joe, and good morning, everyone. Looking at our first quarter results on Slide 4. We delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of about, $308 million or $0.82 per share compared with about $260 million or $0.77 per share for the same period in 2018. The biggest driver of our non-GAAP financial performance continues to be the impact of our long-term infrastructure modernization investments supported by constructive regulatory outcome and established infrastructure trackers. Before turning our business segment financial results, I would just like to address Greater Lawrence incident expenses. Our estimates which are detailed on Slide 10 are higher than what we have provided with our fourth quarter 2018 results. This increase was driven by final billings for construction and emergency response expenses as we as adjustments made to reserves for legal liability and settlement expenses. Despite this upward adjustment, our strong first quarter financial results coupled with our solid execution on the regulatory front has of confident in reaffirming both our 2019 non-GAAP net operating earnings per share guidance range of $1.27 to $1.33, as well as our long-term earnings and dividend growth forecast. We also expect to maintain our current financing plan. As we have previously stated, we have $800 million of cash for the insurance coverage and 300 million of property insurance that we expect will recover a substantial portion of our Greater Lawrence incident cost. We have started submitting claims in December 2018, and have recorded casualty insurance recoveries of $235 million through March 31st. We have also provided notice to our property insurer and discussions around the claims and recovery have begun. As the insurance recovery process move forward we will continue to provide quarterly updates on our progress. Let's turn now to the non-GAAP financial results for our business segment. Our gas distribution operation segments has operating earnings of about $398 million for the quarter. Compared with about $320 million for the same period in 2018. The increase of $78 million was driven primarily by regulatory outcomes and infrastructure replacement program execution. Our electric operation segment reported operating earnings of about $95 million for the quarter compared with operating earnings of about $86 million for the comparable period in 2018. This increase driven primarily by tracked infrastructure investments and lower O&M expenses offset slightly by reduced customer usage. Now turning to Slide 5. I would like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our total debt level as of March 31st was about $9.2 billion of which about $7 billion was long-term debt. The weighted average maturity on our long-term debt was approximately 18 years and the weighted average interest rate was approximately 4.6%. At the end of the first quarter we maintained net available liquidity of about $1 billion consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitizations. Our credit ratings from all three major rating agencies are investment grade and we are committed to maintaining our current investment grade ratings. I would now like to turn to Slide 6, which covers our financing plan for our long-term growth investments. Our current plan continues to include annual equity in the range of $200 million to $300 million from our aftermarket or ATM equity issuance program and $35 million to $60 million from our employee stock purchase and other programs, plus incremental long-term debt. Our ATM is consistent with our approach to provide balance predictable financing for our infrastructure investments. The current ATM program allows us to issue up to $500 million in equity through the end of 2020. Execution of our financing plan is expected to enhance our credit profile by strengthening our funds from operations to debt metrics to the 14% to 15% range in 2019 and beyond. Now, I will turn the call back to Joe who will discuss a few infrastructure investments and regulatory highlights.
Donald Brown: Yes. I would add that think about the process we ran last year for the IRP including that RFP the current projects that we have contracted with and have filed for approval on those projects, they were really to fill a gap we had on our Bailey plants that we shut down last year. And so as we think about going forward on retiring the Schahfer units in 2023, we will need to go through another IRP process and we plan to issue another RFP to seek supply resources to replace that generation when we close out. So, it’s an opportunity for us to give feedback on our old process, the process last year as well as Vectren and others in the state so that we structure our next IRP and RFP to make sure that all of our stakeholders understand and have clarity around our plans in the markets going forward.
Donald Brown: Yes. I think Joe said it, as we look forward and look at the estimates that we have got, the items that we are working on are around settlements with parties, in having started those discussions between the different parties third-party claimants, we have got more information, but certainly as we continue having those discussions those estimates could be updated and will be updated in future quarters. And to Joe's comment around the insurance recovery, we continue to progress there and it's steady, weekly conversation that we were having with all of our insurance providers in the tower is very constructive and were just progressing up the tower. So we have got confidence that we continue to move in that path to get recovery on the insurance side and on other side from a claims and reserves on our litigation we are moving forward there as well.
Donald Brown: Thanks Steve. Good morning. I think that's right, I think as we continue to progress both from conversations with our insurance providers having the NIPSCO electric rate case, having that partial settlement in especially the acceleration of the depreciation for the closure plants that has a positive cash impact annually to our business, as well as we look forward at the different regulatory items, we have got. That, ultimately, we have got confidence in our long-term plan. But at the same time, we will continue to work with our insurance providers on really the timing of those cash flows and getting the initially 800 million back and then also seeking recovery on the property insurance side, which helps offset the higher costs that we have incurred.
Donald Brown: Yes, I think it's always possible. I'm not going to say that our reserves could not change as we continue down settlement discussions with third-parties. But from the information we have now, we are confident in the reserves we have got and estimates we have at this time. If you think about financing, again, it's really going to change depending on the timing of insurance recoveries. And so that might impact needing more equity content in 2019 to ensure we hit our targets for this year, but that's really a timing between, 2019 and 2020 and doesn’t impact our long-term financing plan.
Donald Brown: Good morning Andy, no problem. I think what I stated was that it's certainly possible that as we continue to have litigation settlement discussions that the reserves could be adjusted in the future, but based upon the information we have got, as well as our progress and discussions this quarter we are confident and where those reserves are.
Donald Brown: Yes. It would be our estimate of where were going - what settlement amount would be for the major third-party claims.
Donald Brown: Well they are higher than what we had in our fourth quarter results. In some cases there hasn’t been a filing of cases, but we started having discussions with third-parties. So it depends on really with the third-party, kind of what the status is from a legal standpoint as well as our discussions.
Donald Brown: We are having constructive conversations, we are trying to understand the third-parties and their claims and how they have made up their claims and that's part of the process of settlement discussions its really understanding how they have made up their claims.
Andrew Levi: Hi guys, and I apologize for asking this because I haven't really been on the cost, but just on the liabilities, what were you guys saying as far say Europe is like billion dollars now, is the likelihood of that increasing significantly not likely or likely just kind of - everything kind of around that? I'm sorry that I missed it so.
Andrew Levi: So you say you have taken access beyond what has been claimed I guess is what you are saying, is that right? So whatever you took this quarter and you have taken is an estimate of where it may go, not what has actually been filed.
Andrew Levi: Well, I mean you know like whether lawsuits or claims or things like that those amounts relative to what you have reserved.
Andrew Levi: Okay. And then my last question is just in general, I don’t know if you want to answer this, but is it possible that some of the claims could be inflated or not real, have you experienced that or has there been a discussions around that.
