Arvind Sood: Okay. Thank you, Jason. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to our call to discuss the results for Q4 and full year 2022. 2022 was once again a year exemplified by great execution despite some of the macro challenges. Our Chairman and CEO, Bob Bradway, will make some opening comments, followed by prepared comments from other members of our senior leadership team. You should have received a link to our slides that we have posted. Through the course of our discussion, we will make some forward-looking statements and use non-GAAP financial measures to describe our performance and just a reminder that actual results can vary materially. So with that, I would like to turn the call over to Bob.
Arvind Sood: So the next question is from Geoff Meacham [ph] from BofA Merrill Lynch. And his question is, he said, I know you have AMGEVITA but are you expecting an indirect impact in the second half of '23 or the first half of '24 from all the HUMIRA biosimilars and STELARA, on Otezla and ENBREL mainly? And he is interested in the volume and price impact.
Arvind Sood: The next question is from Chris Raymond from Piper Sandler. And he has 2 questions. The first 1 is on Otezla. And Chris says, I know there are a lot of puts and takes on this market and I know you guys have highlighted a tailwind of mild-to-moderate psoriasis patients coming into therapy. But Otezla is kind of unique in that there is a sizable discontinuation rate. Just with that, if you're probably not going away, talk about why we shouldn't be more concerned about [indiscernible] and maybe just as importantly, the next-generation molecules that are coming behind it. Especially noticing that a decline Q-over-Q both in the U.S. and rest of the world, even with a 9% inventory build, any color on how you grow through this coming competition would be very helpful. And then he has a question on AMGEVITA.
Arvind Sood: Okay. The next question is from Umer Raffat from Evercore and he has 2 questions. The first 1 is for you, Dave, on OX40 and the monthly dosing in Phase III. He said and I don't see an arm investigating extended intervals quarterly or biannually. I'm just trying to tie the Phase III dosing interval versus the durable efficacy seen through 6 months post last dose. And the second question is for you, Peter, that the tax rate stepped up from 14% to 18% to 19%. Just wanted to get some additional color.
Arvind Sood: Okay. The next question is from Jay Olson of Oppenheimer. And Jay is asking, can you talk about your plans for geographic diversification? It seems like ex U.S. revenues have become a small percentage of Amgen's total revenues over the past few quarters. And we were wondering what underlying dynamics drove that shift in geographical mix and if there are any future launches or other dynamics that might push the geographical mix back in favor of ex U.S. growth.
Bob Bradway: Okay. Thank you, Arvind and hello, everyone and thank you for joining our call. So beginning the year feeling confident about the long-term growth outlook for our business and let me offer 5 reasons why. First, we have a number of innovative volume-driven products that still have plenty of room to run and we saw that in 2022. Repatha, Prolia and EVENITY each generated double-digit sales and volume growth in the fourth quarter and for the full year. We expect continued growth from these products in 2023 and beyond with Repatha, in particular, helped by important new data from the FOURIER open-label extension study and new prescribing guidelines. OTEZLA delivered 7% volume growth in both the fourth quarter and the full year, benefiting from a label expansion that gives us the opportunity to reach millions of new patients in the U.S. with mild to moderate psoriasis. LUMAKRAS and TEZSPIRE collectively contributed more than $450 million in full year sales and we're pursuing additional indications for both products. We're especially pleased to see TEZSPIRE being utilized by patients across all types of severe asthma. Murdo will share more about the performance of our in-line products in a moment. Second, we moved 6 first-in-class molecules into Phase III or potentially registration-enabling trials in 2022, including Olpasiran for LP(a), rocatinlimab for atopic dermatitis, TEZSPIRE in eosinophilic esophagitis and of course, bemarituzimab, tarlatimab in BLINCYTO in cancer. We've also begun enrolling patients in a Phase II trial for AMG 133. Based on early data, this molecule, with its unique mechanism of action, looks like it may have an attractive profile for the treatment of obesity. And more on our pipeline from Dave Reese in a moment. Third, we have an industry-leading biosimilars business that will contribute to our growth over time. In 2022, we delivered positive Phase III data for our biosimilar candidates to EYLEA, SOLIRIS and STELARA, positioning us to be in the first wave of these launches which we know is critical to success. We're also less than 24 hours into the launch of AMGEVITA in the U.S. and AMGEVITA is the leading biosimilar to HUMIRA internationally. And with a 5-month lead over the next entrant, we're well positioned for success in the U.S. All told, we have 6 more biosimilar launches planned in the U.S. and markets around the world between now and the end of the decade, making this another source of long-term growth for us. Fourth, we've often said that we would look to licensing and acquisitions in our stated areas of strategic interest. And that's what we've done, building on our decades of experience in inflammation with 2 significant transactions that will strengthen our presence in this space. Through the acquisition of ChemoCentryx, we added TAVNEOS, a first-in-class treatment for ANCA-associated vasculitis and we're off to a strong start there. Our announced acquisition of Horizon Therapeutics will add several additional first-in-class early in life cycle biologic medicines, including TEPEZZA, KRYSTEXXA and UPLIZNA that will add to our growth profile through 2030 and beyond. We're working our way through the regulatory review processes for that deal and are confident that the deal poses no anticompetitive matters. And we have received a second request from the U.S. FTC and we'll work with them to answer their questions while remaining optimistic that we can complete the deal in the first half of the year. Finally, we've stayed true to our capital allocation priorities, investing in our business to drive long-term growth while also returning capital to our shareholders through share repurchases and a growing dividend. You'll hear more from Peter on this shortly. And everything we achieved last year and everything we will achieve going forward is due to the hard work and commitment of our people. They're passionate about our mission to serve patients. They're clear on how their work contributes to our success and they're ready to seize the opportunities and meet the challenges that await us. I'm grateful to all of them. I look forward to your questions a little later on but now let me turn the call over to Murdo.
Bob Bradway: Okay. Well, thank you, Peter and Dave, for soldiering on despite the technical difficulties. And again, apologies to all of you who've dialed in to join us on the call and who found some disruption in the proceedings here. A number of you have e-mailed your questions to Arvind. What I'd like to suggest is that any of you who have questions, directly e-mail them now to Arvind and Arvind will read them and we'll try to answer them here in the room. And let me just assure all of you that we will rearrange our schedule and be available to answer questions if we don't get to it on this conference call, be available to Arvind and his team to answer questions you may have after we wrap up. So with that, let me turn to Arvind and we'll tackle the questions that you've already submitted.
Bob Bradway: Okay. And then on AMGEVITA, why don't we do a 2-parter there? Dave Reese and then Murdo, you may want to add some thoughts.
Bob Bradway: Let me just say, Michael and to the prior question from Evan, if you need more detail on that to make sure you fully understand what we're saying in our response, just let us know, we'll get back to you. I think particularly, Evan, for your question, if you're not familiar with that mechanism that's common to us in France, happy just to provide more color for you. Again, Michael, I know a lot going on here and apologies for the disruption and don't know if you were able to follow all the slides earlier. So if you need more color, let us know, we'll call you back after the conference call. Okay. Go ahead, Arvind, to the next question.
Bob Bradway: I know a number of you have submitted questions, so we're continuing to work through the list. Anybody who hasn't yet shot Arvind an e-mail, we're going to go through those and we've got couple of handfuls still to go. So let's, Arvind, go to the next question.
Bob Bradway: So Robyn, maybe I'll start on the last piece and then Pete, you can reiterate what we said about '23. But as I said in my remarks, Robyn, we have 6 further similar launches planned between now and the end of the decade in the United States and other countries around the world. And it is the launch of those molecules through time which will enable us to continue to grow that franchise. So I would reiterate what I said earlier in my prepared comments. I think you've heard Murdo address as well the attractive opportunities that we think we'll have here, in particular, with AMGEVITA though we're in the first day of launch. And with respect to '23, Pete, I don't know whether you want to say anything in addition to what you already have about the outlook for the year.
Bob Bradway: All right. Well, thank you very much, again, for your patience. Apologies that we had a little bit of difficulty with our vendor's connection earlier on the call. So if you have any further questions, shoot them into Arvind. We'll be around here this afternoon, Peter Murdo, Dave and myself, to answer any further questions you might have. And we appreciate your joining the call and look forward to talking to you during the course of 2023. Thank you.
David Reese: Thanks, Murdo. Good afternoon, everyone. For research and development, last year was one of high-quality execution and on-time delivery of results as we continued to progress our innovative pipeline. In general medicine, we strengthened our cardiovascular franchise and emerging portfolio of obesity assets, 2 areas of significant unmet need, affecting millions of patients globally. Repatha, of course, is the cornerstone of these efforts. And last November at AHA, we presented FOURIER open-label extension data. These data were recognized by the American College of Cardiology expert consensus decision pathway which indicated there appears to be no LDL cholesterol level below which benefit ceases. Additionally, LDL cholesterol recommendations were updated to reflect a reduction in target LDL levels in highest-risk patients from 70 to 55 milligrams per deciliter. This is a level that is not attainable for a large number of patients without PCSK9 inhibitor therapy. Another molecule that we are excited about is Olpasiran. At AHA, we presented Phase II data where Olpasiran dosed 75 milligrams or higher every 12 weeks reduced Lp(a) concentrations by 95% to 100% in patients with established atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease with baseline Lp(a) levels of approximately 260 nanomolars per liter. Olpasiran appeared both safe and well tolerated in this study. We are encouraged by these data, particularly our dosing frequency, safety and tolerability profile and degree of Lp(a) reduction. We have initiated a Phase III outcome study and 6,000 subjects with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease and significantly elevated Lp(a) levels of at least 200 nanomolars per liter. Now turning to obesity. In December, we presented data from a Phase I study where AMG 133 appeared safe, well-tolerated and demonstrated a 14.5% reduction in body weight at day 85 following 3 monthly subcutaneous injections. Body weight reductions were observed up to 150 days after the final AMG 133 administration. Given these favorable attributes, we are now enrolling a 570-subject Phase II study to explore AMG 133 in patients with obesity with or without diabetes and related comorbidities. The study will also investigate different dosing levels and regimens… [Technical Difficulty]
David Reese: Yes. In terms of the filing time lines, once we have the data in hand, we'll be then giving guidance as to when we expect filing and potential approval of that after the appropriate regulatory interactions. It's important, I think, as Bob were put this in context, let me ask Murdo to comment here.
David Reese: Yes. In terms of the obesity pipeline, AMG 133, the 2 additional cohorts you're referring to, I don't know that we'll see data over the course of this year on that. If that changes, of course, I'll provide guidance. AMG 786 is a small molecule with a different mechanism of action, as indicated to GLP-1 or Gipper receptor agonist or antagonist. So that's going through dose escalation over the course of the year. I'll provide guidance in terms of when we may see data from that program. And of course, at the time of data availability, we'll talk about the target as well.
David Reese: Yes. Thanks, Greg. What I view this is as another modality in our toolkit. We've been watching the antibody drug conjugate technology quite closely for the past several years. It's advanced, so what we feel is that we'll use ADCs on appropriate targets. I view it as an addition and an extension of our modalities. These collaborations bring together our experience on target identification and validation as well as, of course, antibody generation with some of the newer conjugation technology. So as that progresses, more to come but you should view this as additive to our armamentarium.
David Reese: Yes. Thanks, David. This is a year where certainly my focus, my team's focus will be on execution, a huge amount to carry forward in the pipeline. So things that I would keep an eye on, how well are we enrolling the Phase III Olpasiran trial? How well are we enrolling the AMG 133 Phase II trial? In the general medicine portfolio, in inflammation, how are the suite of rocatinlumab trials enrolling? How are we delivering on TEZSPIRE additional indications? And then finally, in oncology, things to keep an eye on are the tarlatumab program, not only the Phase II potentially registrational trial readout in the second half of the year but also initiation of a Phase III trial in second-line disease. These are some of the top line things that I'll be paying attention to. And then there are, of course, a host of others earlier in the pipeline and in discovery research.
Peter Griffith: Yes, quick question -- quick answer. Thank you, Yaron, for the question. On BeiGene equity method of accounting, as I said in my remarks, we will record, in our GAAP income statement, the mark-to-market but that won't be recorded in our non-GAAP income statement. So the answer is we will not include any earnings from -- or losses as our share of BeiGene going forward in our non-GAAP income statement.
Peter Griffith: Arvind, let me start by working our way from the tax question. So on the tax side of it, the 18% to 19% is increases by the amount. Although, as I have highlighted both last year and this year, we have a small carryover effect of about $125 million that's currently capitalized in cost of goods sold that will be released that -- excuse me, currently capitalized in inventory that will be released in the cost of goods sold, primarily during the first quarter without a corresponding tax benefit. So the answer is, going forward, after that $125 million works its way through cost of goods sold, it will be roughly equivalent to move from the Puerto Rico Excise Tax or the PRET which was recorded in cost of goods sold down to the actual income tax rate. The question on guidance. And I think the question was, what's included from BeiGene and what's not. As I said earlier to Yaron's question, what won't be included now is our share of either losses or gains in BeiGene's income. So we will include, on a mark-to-market basis in our GAAP income statement, the results of BeiGene and then the movements in the security but not in our non-GAAP income statement. We will no longer record our share of losses or their income.
Peter Griffith: Umer, good question on tax. Again, it's just a change in what I would say the real estate on the P&L which is the PRET moves from the cost of sales line down to income tax expense in connection with the change in Puerto Rico for us from a PRET to the actual income tax in Puerto Rico which began here in 2023. So that's the nature of that change and that's where the 18% to 19% comes in from where we've been here historically.
Peter Griffith: Thanks. I think we covered it earlier. I'd just note a couple of items that happened in 2022 that we didn't expect benefit from in '23, just to reiterate those. We don't expect any and assume any COVID-19 antibody revenues in '23. We're assuming a lower amount of Nplate sales in '23, Robyn, compared to '22. Recall, '22 had the significant purchase by the U.S. government in the second half of the year. We had several favorable changes to estimated sales deductions that occurred in '22 and we sold the generics business in Turkey which closed late in '22. So a couple of puts and takes around those. And so we look forward to a year in 2023 with strong growth in our priority products, since of, Repatha, Prolia, TAVNEOS. And also -- and that's in light of -- consistent with the industry trends we talked about in our recent history with mid-single-digit price declines in our portfolio but good volume growth. I think maybe to go back to the question Jay asked, too, we expect strong volume growth outside the United States in 2023. So we're looking forward to taking on '23 with a lot of aggressiveness.
Peter Griffith: I think the answer to that is that our volume growth, the volume growth is quite large and that's really the offset, Yaron. That's a good question. And so we see that happening. We also -- in terms of the move of the PRET down there, recall, too, in cost of sales this year, we've got $125 million coming in off of the release out of inventory into cost of sales without any corresponding tax provision. And so the percent of sales versus a percent of pretax too, you've got to be thinking about that in terms of the income tax provision itself. So that's the puts and the takes on that. But when you strip it all back, it's really that move of the PRET down into the income tax expense that increases that effective rate to 18% to 19%.
Peter Griffith: Yes, Brian, I think, as you know, we don't give long-term guidance on tax rates. And so we won't go beyond this year, so 18% to 19%. And go back to your own just to make sure we understand the change in the PRET. The PRET is a percentage of its cost of sales as opposed to the income tax rate which is pretax income. So that's a little bit of the difference to that Yaron asked about. So 18% to 19% this year is where we're at and that's where we'll -- that's what we'll give you for now.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thanks, Dave. We have had some inbound questions on this, as you can imagine, during the day, given that we are launching. So far, launch is progressing well. We have product making its way into the channel and we're already receiving inbound interest in AMGEVITA from payers, prescribers and patients. One thing that's important to remember is the current product that we have in the market is a lower concentration, original concentration AMGEVITA or adalimumab but it is citrate-free, meaning that the patient experience here is still 1 where we minimize the injection site pain by having a citrate-free formulation. And patient experience here has been positive in our clinical trials and we anticipate that not having a high concentration will not be a barrier in the market. These are very low volumes that are injected through an auto-injectable pen. And we've seen very, very good reliability of patients being able to administer. In addition, of course, we provide nurse support for patients. And then while it wasn't asked, I think it's also important to note that we are providing financial assistance, support and reimbursement support for both prescribers and patients as we launch the product. So really a full suite of services and support that you would expect for a branded launch being applied to the launch of the first biosimilar, adalimumab, to launch in the U.S., that is AMGEVITA.
Murdo Gordon: It's hard for me, obviously, to comment on what competitors may do as other biosimilars of adalimumab enter the market beyond July. But what we have seen coming into 2023 is a good cycle of reimbursement negotiations and we've been able to secure a very broad coverage for both ENBREL and Otezla. We expect that insurance coverage to continue throughout the course of 2023. And as is usual, we had small concessions on net price to secure that broad reimbursement but nothing unusual compared to prior years.
Murdo Gordon: Okay. So first on Otezla, I would start with the fact that we are the only systemic product indicated for a broad range of psoriasis patients without regard to the severity and really makes us the ideal first-line first systemic post-topical choice of therapy. And that is the positioning of the brand. The size of that market is very large. There's 4 million patients with a mild to moderate form of psoriasis. About 1.5 million of those patients would be regarded as not doing as well as they could on topical treatment by potential switching to a systemic like Otezla. As I mentioned just a few moments ago, Otezla also enjoys very broad frontline access, that is it doesn't require that you step through another systemic therapy. And it also means that prescribers can make it the first choice. And these are busy dermatologists. They want something that's easy. They don't want a lot of prior paperwork. And they want to be able to provide an ability for patients to start quickly on their therapy. Only Otezla offers that in the psoriasis market. I think what we're seeing right now is an effect of a number of free goods programs that were launched at the end of last year and continue into this quarter. When physicians have free goods programs or sometimes referred to as bridging programs, usually used at the beginning of a product launch when there hasn't been an opportunity to secure access with pharmacy benefit managers, physicians will sometimes use those to try novel therapies coming into the market. However, as those novel therapies go through the negotiation process with PBMs and payers, oftentimes, it becomes more difficult to try those novel therapies because of the nature of the access that they result with. And I think that's really where the sustained advantage of Otezla in that first-line systemic post-topical prebiologic patient population really allows us a long-term growth opportunity. And we continue to feel confident in the long-term growth of this brand. And we have a very strong commercial presence in a number of markets around the world and we continue to feel good from what we're hearing from our prescribing base of dermatologists. I will say that the short-term impact of these free good programs, we're watching it very closely and we're making sure that we continue to be competitive in the marketplace.
Murdo Gordon: Well, maybe I can answer the second part first. We don't comment on product-specific pricing and so I really can't answer the net price. I think it's fair to say that as additional entrants come into the market, net prices usually go down. We've seen that in our other biosimilars business but we would expect that to happen here. With respect to the 2 list price approach that we've employed here at this launch, this is really to address the complexity of the U.S. market. Pharmacy benefit managers have a business model that requires that they negotiate rebates with manufacturers and so they would prefer a high list price and negotiate rebates to net the price down and then pass those rebates through to their upstream employer clients. There are other stakeholders and customers in the health care system that prefer a net price-based model and don't care about the difference between list and net or gross price and net price. And so for those, we have the lower net price product available. So just a reminder, we have a high list price at 5% below HUMIRA and then we have a low list price at 55% below HUMIRA. We also intend to ensure that AMGEVITA is an affordable medicine for patients by providing co-pay assistance as well as helping patients secure reimbursement through the insurer. We are also pleased to report that we enjoy broad access out of the gate on day 1 of launch with the 3 national pharmacy benefit managers, so broad parity coverage alongside HUMIRA.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. I'm not sure we have a slowing overall volume growth. I think what we saw and I mentioned this, it might not have come through clearly on the audio but in the quarter, we did see a price effect based on reaching reimbursement decision finalization in France. And so we had a $12 million charge in the quarter against LUMAKRAS. It grew 7% volume in the quarter. But I think we anticipated the opportunity for LUMAKRAS in second-line being limited to the incident population. And we are commercially and medically sized appropriately for that opportunity. I think as we expand into earlier lines of therapy or other tumor types, we will continue to invest behind the product.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Look, I think the Horizon team is doing a very good job commercializing this product and continue to help many patients within the broad current indication, as Dave mentioned. And I think additional data here could be additive to the already very promising growth of the product.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. It's a similar question to 1 asked earlier but perhaps I can elaborate a little bit for Chris. It's fairly clear that dermatologists want to use the easiest product and safest and well-understood product when moving to a first systemic treatment post topically. Many of these topical patients are hesitant to try a systemic agent. And so I think this is where Otezla's profile studied extensively with over 700,000 patients globally having experienced this product, the safety and efficacy of Otezla is extremely well understood. As I mentioned earlier, the frontline access coverage that we've secured in the U.S. without a lot of prior authorization requirement, the convenience of that for dermatology practices is very clear and it makes it a really good first-line treatment, systemic treatment, especially for a patient with milder or more moderate disease. For moderate or severe disease, it is likely that you're going to need to use something like a biologic or a second-line agent. And we think that given that [indiscernible] has yet to go through the market access process and secure payer reimbursement, we're not really seeing how it's actually going to be used longer term in the marketplace. And I think sometimes, these free good programs can distort what the actual uptake curve will be for a product.
Murdo Gordon: Well, as I mentioned before, we're primarily through our 2023 cycle and we've secured very good access. We've had to concede a bit of price, as I mentioned but not anything that looks precipitous compared to prior years. So we're pleased with that. ENBREL is an important product for many indications. We see that the safety and efficacy profile of ENBREL is well understood. I think physicians also want choice. And I think that's where PBMs are also open to having more than 1 TNF product on their formulary. And I think that's really what we've been able to secure and what we continue to think we'll be able to achieve in the future.
Murdo Gordon: Well, I can't comment on a competitor's contracts with PBMs and payers. What I can say is we've secured broad access for AMGEVITA at the 3 national PBMs. We continue to work with other customers to provide access for providers and patients alike. And we'll continue to compete effectively as we have done everywhere else in the world with this product. And outside of the U.S., we were able to establish a leadership position with AMGEVITA. And we think, given the services that we've provided and the commercial footprint we have, we're in a very good competitive position vis-à-vis other biosimilars.
Murdo Gordon: Yes, we don't give product-specific guidance. And this is a new event in the U.S. biosimilar market, given this is the first big pharmacy benefit product to go up. So we will continue to update all of you as the launch progresses. We have said we think this will be gradually slope on this launch and I'm going have to keep you apprised as we go forward.
Murdo Gordon: And just on the AMGEVITA question, I would say that we have a commitment to continuing to make sure that the product attributes of our biosimilars provide payers, providers and patients with all of the benefits that they're looking for. And we're also trying to ensure that there is no reason to switch away from AMGEVITA in the long range. So we hope that interchangeability, the high concentration and the fact that we already have a citrate-free product on the market, along with the services we provide, along with the fact that this is an Amgen team of people who understand the inflammation indications of this product very well and they have relationships with the customers that prescribe HUMIRA, we feel really good about the durability of AMGEVITA long term beyond 2024.
Murdo Gordon: Yes, we are actually very pleased with the expansion internationally of the Amgen footprint being in over 100 markets. We continue to launch products and secure reimbursement around the world. I talked about LUMAKRAS. And most recently in China, we've been able to secure national reimbursement drug listing for both Prolia and Repatha. Our Japanese affiliate is growing well. In the recent history, I think what you're seeing is a function of just timing of launches coming a bit earlier in the U.S. and also some of our partnering products. I think longer term, what we've got is a very interesting portfolio of products that will continue to make their way around the world. The announced Horizon acquisition has a very large opportunity internationally. And we see our JPAC region is actually our fastest-growing potential opportunity longer term. So I wouldn't look at short-term movement from quarter-to-quarter. The long-term prevailing trend is that we will grow quickly outside the United States.
Murdo Gordon: Yes, I think we remain quite confident in our long-term growth of Otezla. We are in a period where there's a lot of new product entrants in the market competing for new patient starts. I think the unique positioning of the product, as I mentioned, allows us to source a very large pool of patients. And our coverage around the world and particularly in the U.S. from an insurance reimbursement perspective allows us to penetrate that market. So we feel very good about the continued prospects to grow Otezla.
Murdo Gordon: I wouldn't say we expect it to get larger but we will continue to see a decline in that business which is a function of the average selling price decline that we've seen thus far.
Murdo Gordon: Overall, our immunology business looks very good. I think we're very pleased with the TEZSPIRE launch. We continue to see broad phenotypes of patients regardless of biomarker status being treated. We are seeing de novo patients who haven't seen a biologic before in their treatment of their uncontrolled asthma. And we're also seeing patients being switched from other products within the class. And so we expect that area of autoimmune disease growing in terms of the biologic penetration of severe uncontrolled asthma. And we're well positioned to compete for that expanded treatment pattern. ENBREL continues to serve many patients. And the trends there are fairly predictable and fairly consistent. Otezla, as we've mentioned, is seeing some pressure from new free drug programs, both for our topicals as well as new entrant oral And then we also have just picked up TAVNEOS which we're really excited about, a product that treats a severe autoimmune disease, ANCA-associated vasculitis, very young product, very early in its life cycle and I think a lot of growth there to be had. And then, of course, last but certainly not least, on the branded side, the announced acquisition of Horizon. So I think the inflammation area, along with our own innovative pipeline and the pipeline of Horizon is a very good growth opportunity for us long term. And last but not least, here we are on the first day of launch of a novel biosimilar to the largest product in the U.S. and that's HUMIRA. So I think we've got a lot of opportunities for growth ahead.
