James Daly: Sure. Well, Geoff, I think you put your finger on the core issue, which is these new rules could apply to anywhere from 25% of Medicare dialysis patients all the way up to 100% depending on whether providers decide to opt in 100% or phase in 25% a year. Now CMS interestingly made an assumption of about a 43% opt-in rate. Right now, we're working very close with our customers to understand what they anticipate doing. They have until November 1 to decide one way or the other. So I think this is a situation of stay tuned, and clearly, we will be very close to our customers. In terms of the second part of your question, what impact will this have on utilization? Well, certainly, there's a couple of things we do not anticipate happening. One, we do not anticipate wholesale moves to subdue administration for a number of reasons, including the fact that our label recommends against it and also the fact that patients do not like it. And also, the clinical data is somewhat dubious in terms of what type of dose savings you can actually realize over an extended period of time. So we don't see that as a major drag on utilization. We don't see IV iron creating a major drag on utilization. Most patients, 85% are iron replete, so we don't see that as being a major issue. Where we're modeling right now potential utilization impact is on hyporesponder patients. Right now, if you define a hyporesponder as we do in our label, patients who fail to achieve 10 up to 12 weeks. That's about 1% of patients who represent about 3% of utilization.
James Daly: We price Prolia at a 15% to 25% premium to branded bisphosphonates in Europe. That puts the price at about USD $550 to USD $600. Second, on the rollout of REMS, I...
James Daly: Oh, I'm sorry, the ramp in the U.S. versus Europe. I think it's two different situations. If you contrast Germany, which once you have government reimbursement as we received on July 1, German physicians are free to prescribe for virtually any patient. And as a result, we are seeing very nice uptake of the product in Germany, which is consistent with our expectation that there is a relatively large population of patients who will benefit from Prolia. In the U.S., you have a rate-limiting step, which is reimbursement. Right now we're focused on the medical benefit, and physicians are reluctant to put a large number of patients on the product until they have greater confidence that reimbursement will be adequate, timely and the patients will not have an exorbitant out-of-pocket costs. So I think you're going to see a faster ramp in European markets where we've secured government reimbursement.
James Daly: Sure. Geoff, we'll consider that a two-part on reimbursement. In terms of do we have a code? Yes, we do. It is the miscellaneous J-Code 3490. Some max will also use J3590. In terms of what type of reimbursement we're seeing on the medical side from carriers, we only have a handful of claims to date of paid claims. And basically, they are what you would expect, which is WAC, wholesaler acquisition costs, plus 6%. On the commercial pharmacy side, what we're seeing is a whole range of reimbursement situations going from relatively low patient out-of-pocket with virtually no prior authorization or a step edits, all the way up to a coinsurance of 20% or 30% with prior auths required. So there's a wide range right now on the commercial pharmacy side.
James Daly: Thanks, Mark. Right now, I'm looking at the total NEUPOGEN sales components of growth and demand is down 2%. We had other, which is largely priced 1%, this is worldwide. Mark, we'll get back to you and pull out the Rest of World NEUPOGEN components of growth.
James Daly: Sure. I think for the Enbrel situation, really break it down rheumatology and dermatology. In rheumatology, we have now seven Biologic competitors. And over the past year, our share has gone from 36% down to 33%, which I think is strong performance in the face of seven Biologic competitors. We continue to reinforce the efficacy and safety profile of Enbrel. On dermatology -- and so if you ask where did that share go, it was divided amongst a bunch of new competitors that are picking up 1% or 2% share overall. So you're looking at Simponi, Actemra, Cimzia. So it's inevitably lose some level of share as the market leader. Now in dermatology, I think it's a little different. The share loss is primarily going to STELARA, which is a new market entrant. STELARA has a 13% share, and we've seen our market share go to 49%. Now the reassuring thing is that the STELARA share has stabilized at 13% quarter-over-quarter. So I think there was a bolus of patients who were refractory to TNF inhibitors. They have moved to STELARA, and we're looking forward to stabilization in STELARA share gains at the expense of Enbrel.
James Daly: On the Prolia U.S. sales of $3 million, you should assume that there's some inventory build in that.
Kevin Sharer: I think that, Yaron, just and everybody, I know we're all really understandably interested in the Prolia progress. Nobody more than us, that is for sure. I think at summary point of view from our position is so far so good. It is very early. The reimbursement issues in the U.S. need to be worked through. We're optimistic. Germany, where we have, as Jim said, a clean reimbursement situation proceeding well. The other countries in Europe will roll out based on their own individual reimbursement dynamics. It's early days, but so far so good.
Kevin Sharer: And Eric, you're right, the answer to the first question is yes, we're reducing guidance very, very slightly in the revenue line overwhelmingly because of the euro.
Kevin Sharer: Again, that's for Roger on the technical side. I think from policy side, it's not a harbinger for Biosimilars. I think we're going to have to work that pathway out. But I'll let Roger comment on some of the technical aspect.
Kevin Sharer: We'll have to look into that question about France. We have a strong business in France. It's a good environment for us. So we'll get back to you on that.
Roger Perlmutter: Eun, this is Roger. I don't think so. Of course, it's always hard to speculate, and the Agency in reviewing the file could decide that there is something that they want to look at in more detail. But SRE file stands on its own. Keep in mind that there are in the order of 7,000 patients, 7,000 subjects in the SRE file. It's very complete. There are three Phase III studies that are active comparator-controlled head-to-head studies in breast cancer and in solid tumors and multiple myeloma and prostate cancer. So there's a lot of data there to review. And the timing is such that I suspect they will have completed their review and because they need to in order to get all the documents put together if they are looking at a November 18 PDUFA date. So it really does stand on its own, I think.
Roger Perlmutter: As we've talked about, we had the opportunity to present these programs in some detail at the ASCO Meetings, Josh. The data for AMG 386 and for AMG 479 from the Phase II studies are pretty impressive. Now for 386, you have data in the ovarian cancer setting in which there is -- it's placebo-controlled data that we actually are doing a direct study of chemotherapy plus AMG 386 versus AMG chemotherapy alone. And if there is a dose-response curve, so that the 10-milligram per kilogram arm was more impressive than the 3-milligram per kilogram arm, which in itself still demonstrated a response compared to chemotherapy alone. And the data showed that not only could you see an effect with respect to the tumors themselves, but there's also a quantitative effect with respect to, in this case, a biomarker for tumor mass CA-125. So all of that tends to give you more confidence that, in fact, you will see a treatment effect that duplicates that in the Phase III study. Of course, the magnitude could be different, the extent to which overall survival might be prolonged. In such a study, it could be different, but it gives you more confidence. And similarly, the magnitude of the treatment effect and the fact that there is an exposure-response relationship with the AMG 479 study in pancreatic cancer also gives you some confidence. You can never be sure. Just as you say, you have to see the Phase III studies. But the data sets are really quite impressive in Phase II and more robust than most that you usually see. We've got a lot of other things going on in the cancer area as we talked about at ASCO, and we can get to that some other time. But I would point out those two studies that we've taken into Phase III are really quite powerful.
Roger Perlmutter: Michael, of course, the FDA can decide at any point that they'd like to seek the advice of an advisory committee. We're working closely with them. And at that such time they want to do that, of course, we would want to engage with them on that. It's really up to them. We're just working to try and make sure that they have all the information that they need in order to meet their PDUFA date of November 18.
Roger Perlmutter: Yes. Ian, as you know, it's pretty different product from what you could see in the Biosimilar. You have the same starting material for Lovenox as you do for the Momenta product. And you're simply asking the question of whether you can characterize the degradants to such a point that you believe that they have something in common. In a Biosimilar case, you don't have the same starting materials. And in addition, there's enormous complexity, just but you can recognize just on the difference in the molecular size of these species. There's enormous complexity in a Biosimilar that's not as easy to characterize. And as a result, it's hard to predict what the clinical performance will be, and that has been in the past what has been such a great concern, both from the perspective of immunogenicity as well as from the perspective of overall efficacy. So I don't think you should look at this as a harbinger for the way in which the Agency would handle Biosimilars. I think it is an understandable development in a regulatory analysis that's been going on for the last nearly five years with respect to low molecular weight heparins.
