Michael Kelly: Thanks, Bob. Turning to the fourth quarter on Page 4 of the slide deck, you can see revenues grew by 13%, driven by strength across our product portfolio both in the U.S and internationally. This also reflects incremental revenues following our acquisition of Onyx Pharmaceuticals, both from Kyprolis as well as from Nexavar and Stivarga. Operating income grew by 24%, as operating costs grew well below revenues. Within operating expenses, our cost of sales margin improved by 0.8 points to 60% driven by lower royalties. Research and development costs increased year-over-year with roughly half of the increase due to the acquisition of Onyx and its proposed clinical program. The remainder was driven by our late stage clinical trials particularly for evolocumab. SG&A expenses decreased by 3% due to the end of the Enbrel profit share in the quarter. Specifically on October 31, our profit sharing arrangement with Pfizer ended and was replaced with a royalty on Enbrel sales, which we will continue to report in the SG&A line going forward. The two-month benefit of this change reduced expenses by about $130 million versus the year-ago quarter and will contribute about $800,000 million next year. That benefit was partially offset by the addition of the Onyx SG&A expenses. Net income increased 28%. Similar to the last quarter, the tax rate was lower compared to 2012 due to the federal R&D tax credit and the change in the geographic mix of expenses and revenues. Finally, adjusted earnings per share were 30% higher helped by a lower average share count compared to 2012. In summary, for the full year on Page 5, revenues grew 8% to $18.7 billion and adjusted EPS grew 17% to $7.60 per share. We exited 2013 with good momentum as we moved into 2014. Turning next to cash flow and the balance sheet on page 6, we generated $5.6 billion of free cash flow in 2013 and increased our quarterly dividend per share by 31% with payments totaling $1.4 billion. As you are aware, we announced another 30% increase to the dividends, starting with our first quarter 2014 payment. We remain committed to our capital allocation strategy in continuing to increase the dividend over time. At the end of the year, we held $22.8 billion in cash, short-term and restricted investments, and $32.1 billion in debt. The rest $5 billion increase in debt from the end of the third quarter reflects borrowings to complete our Onyx acquisition funding. Finally in 2013, share repurchases amounted to $800 million at an average price of $85 per share all in the first quarter. You will notice that our average share count increased sequentially in both the third and fourth quarters as we did not repurchase shares and saw some dilution from stock-based compensation. Let me remind you that we don't expect any significant repurchase activity in 2014 and 2015 and thus expect to see similar effects on share count going forward. Now let me turn to guidance for 2014 on Page 7. We expect total revenues in the range of $19.2 billion to $19.6 billion, and adjusted earnings per share in the range of $7.90 to $8.20. This includes the $800 million operating income benefit from our full ownership of Enbrel in the U.S. and Canada. Our adjusted tax rate is expected to range between 15% and 16%, which assumes that the R&D tax credit legislation will be passed in 2014 and retroactively applied to all of 2014. And lastly, capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $800 million, a slight increase from the last few years, reflecting investments in Onyx Pharmaceuticals and our global manufacturing operations. Let me now turn it to Tony. Thank you.
Michael Kelly: Yaron, I would just note that our guidance that we had given is actually bracketed by the consensus expectations because the consensus is $19.5 billion for revenues and for earnings per share is $8.16. 
Michael Kelly: I’d just say on a historical run rate basis where the revenue have been $300 million or $400 million a year and with the addition of Onyx it will just about double, not quite but just about double.
Tony Hooper: Thanks, Michael. Good afternoon, everyone. You'll find the summary of our global sales performance in Slide #8. We delivered a strong portfolio performance and product sales including Kyprolis growing at about 11%. In the U.S., our business grew 11% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. U.S. wholesale inventory levels ended at the high end of our normal range. Outside the U.S., our business grew 9% in the fourth quarter or 10% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. I'd like to review our fourth quarter product performance beginning with Neulasta and NEUPOGEN. Year-over-year, global sales of Neulasta increased by 10% in the fourth quarter. This was mainly driven by price with unit demand remaining stable. NEUPOGEN sales were flat year-over-year while quarter-over-quarter sales declined 34% due to the $155 million order from the U.S. government in the third quarter. We've seen minimal impact from recently launched competition as Neulasta and NEUPOGEN shares remained stable in both the U.S. and Europe during the fourth quarter. We continue, however, to take all competition seriously. Now to Enbrel. Fourth quarter sales grew 3% year-over-year largely due to price. Our investment in direct-to-consumer advertising with Phil Mickelson continues to drive brand awareness, which is important as physicians continue to honor over 90% of Enbrel patient requests. We remain the value share leader in both rheumatology and the dermatology segments and we're confident in Enbrel's potential growth. Moving on to Aranesp, Aranesp sales were down 4% year-on-year. We continue to see price pressure in Europe and segment slowdown in the U.S. EPOGEN sales increased 10% year-over-year. This was mainly driven by an increase in unit demand due to the withdrawal of Omontys in early 2013. Hemoglobin levels have remained relatively stable throughout 2013 based on our most recent data. We'll continue to monitor and use dose utilization as the new 2014 bundle frames go into effect. Now I'll turn to Sensipar. As Bob mentioned, global Sensipar sales exceeded $1 billion in 2013 for the first time ever. For the fourth quarter, sales increased 20% year-over-year due to segment growth and increased penetration in Europe. Nplate and Vectibix sales in aggregate were higher by 16% year-over-year mainly due to increases in unit demand. Our European Vectibix label for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer now includes the new NRAS and first-line data. We're excited about the growth potential for Vectibix in Europe and its benefits potential. For Nplate, we continue to see segment growth in both the U.S. and European markets. Moving now to denosumab. As Bob noted, the D-mab franchise contributed sales of $1.8 billion in 2013. In the fourth quarter, Prolia sales grew 53% year-over-year driven by increased segment share in both the U.S. and Europe. We've now launched in all major European countries. In the U.S., our direct-to-consumer campaign has been very successful. Prolia is now the most requested brand by new postmenopausal osteoporosis patients. We are launching a new campaign with Blythe Danner in the next few weeks to continue raising patient awareness. I'm pleased to note that XGEVA also reached the $1 billion milestone in 2013. This is our seventh product to exceed $1 billion in annual sales. For the fourth quarter, XGEVA global sales grew 33% year-over-year. Outside the U.S., XGEVA grew 124% year-over-year. Our commercial focus remains in reminding physicians and patients of the superior clinical profile of XGEVA. This is an important differentiator in the face of generic zoledronic acid competition. We grew market share in the U.S. by 3 percentage points and saw successful launches and growth in Europe. XGEVA's now available in all major markets. Let me now turn to our newest product, Kyprolis. Kyprolis achieved quarter-over-quarter growth in the fourth quarter as the Onyx acquisition closed. The underlying demand growth was consistent with second and third quarters. Based on our data, Kyprolis continues to be the therapy of choice in the relapsed refractory multiple myeloma setting in the U.S. We expect the next major inflection point for Kyprolis will be upon inclusion of second-line data in our label. In summary, we'll build on the progress we've made in 2013 as we execute on growth opportunities for 2014 and beyond. Let me now pass it to Sean.
Tony Hooper: So from a market perspective, let me just talk quickly, obviously Sensipar has been very successful in terms of both growing the segment and increasing penetration in that one at the moment. One of the issues we have of course is constant patient compliance and we find a large number of patients aren’t staying on their drug for the entire 12-month period. The IV form, of course, which will be co-administered during dialysis would make life much easier, and therefore we think both in terms of outcomes and in terms of maintaining patient and drug, it will be a unique opportunity to add to the bundle.
Tony Hooper: Okay, so on the (indiscernible) happen in the U.S., when I say ending at the slight up end of the range, is about a day, so it's about $50 million in terms of wholesale inventory. We think there might have been another $50 million at the end user, but not a large amount of money. The product mix as we go forward in 2014 starts to change slightly, of course, as we get for the first time the full competition on the filgrastim portfolio. We have potential competition from Mircera against Epogen, and growth brands are now coming off a much higher base. So that’s why you’ve possibly seen some slow down, but slow strong positive growth.
Tony Hooper: So, I mean just in terms of price, I mean everything is really around the fact that there continues to be a huge unmet medical need with patients with cardiovascular risk even when they’re on statins. We expect or we see more than 30% of patients don’t reach goal and therefore remain at high risk of either heart attack or death in fact. So we will price this drug clearly around that unmet need in the marketplace understanding that this is a biologic case.
Tony Hooper: No. I mean we continue to drive the growth brand. We're building market share. It's a bit early in the year to be saying we know exactly where we will land and we are competing at every stage. And we look forward to actually building this business and growing it.
Tony Hooper: If you look at Q4 Tony, there was actually about 135% increase between quarter three and quarter four as the tenders vote back in and these come mainly out of the Middle East and Russia. So yes, a dramatic growth from that last quarter for the year.
Tony Hooper: Yeah, so I don’t have on the top of my head the last ASPIRE DSMB review. These typically will occur in this kind of trials on kind of a quarterly basis often. But I don’t know off the top of my head when the most recent one was. And there are no specific stopping rules in these regarding cardiovascular events, there are overall assessment that the risk benefit of the product continues to look appropriate to a very seasoned DSMB will understand the reason and then so on. There really aren't any updates to give on ENDEAVOR and CLARION. They're enrolled in enrollment phases and there is not too much to say about those right now.
Bob Bradway: All right. Thank you Sean. Let’s open it up now for questions and Marvin, why don’t you remind our callers of the procedures and we’ll start with the first question.
Bob Bradway: And Eric the other thing I’d add is, while we provided revenue in earnings per share growth, we obviously also addressed the strong operating income growth that we were expecting driven by the improved contribution from Enbrel. So you’re expecting we’re focused on driving strong operating income growth this year and with that strong cash flow growth.
Bob Bradway: Yaron, I think the tax rate and shares in terms of the bottom line, I think the tax rate and shares were probably above where we were as well if you look at those consensus numbers. So, tax rate clearly in '13 was low for reasons that won't be repeated in 2014 and I think we were pretty clear during the course of the year with each of our quarters as to what was going on there. And on the share count, again I think Michael tried to provide some clear guidance for you on that front as well as we head into 2014.
Bob Bradway: And fundamentally, Geoff, as you can glean from our remarks on the call, we're excited about the data we've seen. We're excited about the role that this medicine could play for patients that are at a risk of cardiovascular disease. So, we continue to deliver on this program and that's what we intend to do.
Bob Bradway: Sure. Okay, thanks Ravi. You’re right at pointing out that international expansion has been an important objective for us. We see that as a source of long-term growth for Amgen, and we’re talking particularly about our desire stand in Japan and China and select the emerging markets and so far we have been successful we feel in doing that through a combination of partnerships and acquisitions. Obviously in Japan, China and Russia where we use partnerships to help advance our interest and we’ve used acquisitions in Brazil, Turkey and now with the reacquisition of NEUPOGEN and Neulasta rights in a number of other key emerging markets as well. So I think we feel we have a strong platform now from which to profitably expand in these international markets, so we have a presence from which we can organically launch our molecules in nearly all of the international markets that are of interest and we think important for the kind of medicines we’re advancing. We’ll look to supplement our position with ongoing acquisitions Ravi, but I think there aren’t many and so we’re right now executing against our organic plans. And with respect to biosimilars, again our first launch is for biosimilars to get in 2017 so there’s still quite some time before we got to commit to specific answers to your question. But we think that our biosimilar portfolio will be an attractive source of growth for Amgen particularly internationally, so where we look at international markets is likely that it will be through the Amgen organization and in the more developed markets we still have time before we disclose exactly how we want to that.
Sean Harper: Okay. Well, first of all, yes, I think this is the first time that we’ve been clear that we would be receiving all the pivotal data sets in a timeframe where we would be pursuing global filing plans in 2014 and that is our intent. As I mentioned, with each jurisdiction, we will have discussions with regulators about the precise timing and requirements for filing. It's clear that the FDA are interested in understanding that these outcome studies are progressing and that there is an ability to have some sense of when the final results would become available from an outcomes study. But really these are ongoing discussions. We have initial consultations with regulators when we are just in a concept phase and later when we actually have data we have much more in-depth interactions and discussions. So, I don’t generally discuss the details of these fluid interactions that go on over the course of time with regulators. But it is clear that the agency is wanting to have an understanding of the trajectory of the outcomes trials before they would proceed with approving this class of product based on just LDL alone, they could make that choice.
Sean Harper: So, it's hard to be sure when we'll see the data but it is possible that data from the first study which is an episodic migraine might be available by the end of the calendar year. The difference in the drugs is fundamental. The other agents are agents that are monoclonal antibodies that are directed at epitopes on CGRP itself. Our strategy is to block the receptor which is then independent of CGRP concentration and timing of release. And in the synapse that can be very important. So our first principles thinking about this biology as well as the preclinical data that we've generated have suggested that it's a much more effective approach potentially to have a receptor antagonist than a ligand sequestering antibody so that there is the differentiated feature there.
Sean Harper: I've little to add. I agree and I think the issue of the combinations with things like the antibody therapy for HDAC inhibitors will play out over time, but it's hard to imagine a situation in which the proteasome inhibition backbone is displaced in any near term.
Sean Harper: Yes. It's an interesting question. As you know, many of these studies are 12-week efficacy studies. And we do have longer safety experiences over time. But it would require many more patient with exposure than we have currently to expect to have the numbers of events that would allow even if we were, for example, cutting risk in half. You still couldn't expect to have any measure of real power for that. So, we don't have a formal analysis looking at that yet. When all the data are put together in total for filing, we will analyze them at that level. But I don't expect to see a lot of benefit when we're talking about such small numbers of events. This is of course why the very large long-term outcome trials were required as you know.
Sean Harper: So that's the term I'm using to try to just convey the fact that I think what occurs in many cases and we all know this from the data that's been published on this issue is that it can be very difficult to anticipate with accuracy when a sponsor is going to actually complete a post marketing commitment such as an outcomes trial. And I think the agency is keen to understand the time that would elapse between an initial approval based on a surrogate, even a robust surrogate like LDL and when the outcomes data will become available. So that's why I was using this term trajectory meaning can you predict with some reasonable idea when you're going to actually see the data. Is it going to take three years, five years, 10 years? That's meaningful from a regulatory perspective.
Sean Harper: Yeah, I’m not sure I completely understood the first part of the question; I think that from an outcomes data perspective reduction of the cardiovascular events like heart attacks, strokes, sudden death, cardiovascular death, the only meaningful study that we will have to address that question is the FOURIER outcomes trial. It's properly designed and powered to read that sort of thing out. Certainly there are combined analysis that are done across all of the studies that are performed in any of these development programs to look for generally adverse effects and including if you saw events traveling in the wrong direction that would obviously be a concern. So those analysis are always done more from the perspective of assuring safety and trying to look for an efficacy signal.
Sean Harper: So the first thing I’d point out is that the kind of data that gets put on .gov is a very crude sort of an estimate of when one would expect in an event driven trial to complete and it's often done by kind of just a straight line kind of modeling which is rarely actually accurate in terms of what happens the best you can do when you start out from the very beginning estimating that. So I wouldn't pin too much on that exact date when it's that far out in the future; it may take longer, it may take less, considerably less time. The issue of the approvability of the various subgroups, we do study populations in our clinical trials sometimes for purposes of being able for example, to understand in a very clean background way, on a really clean background safety, for example. And not all of the populations that we study, and we studied at a very broad range of population may end up with as specific language in indications for a product like this. In fact, if you look at the statin class, you won't find that. You won't find that. I think the way I always think about this is that this product is going to be appropriate for individuals who have high cardiovascular risk despite having avail themselves of all available existing therapies, particularly statins, and still have a substantial modifiable risk factor in the form of LDL that's not -- let's say below 70, where we generally feel -- you feel that you had it under pretty good control. I think that's the population that we are seeking to serve, but it is -- you won't usually find very specific indication statements for each individual population in the labels of these sort of products.
Sean Harper: So, we often do in Phase II a wide range of things with the therapeutics where we can begin to get some understanding of issues like withdrawal, re-treatments and so on. And so we do have some features like that in the long-term expansions with these Phase II studies. They don't necessarily predict claims that we would be seeking by doing Phase III types. As you can imagine in this field with fracture endpoints being required, it is very difficult to do or make studies that require fracture end points beyond just what we're already doing with two large fracture studies that was performed with the product. The product has got no particularly unusual formulation issues associated with it. It's an injectable monoclonal antibody and we're doing the usual things with that with respectable formulation and device formats.
Sean Harper: So, I think that it's fair to point out that this is unchartered territory and new area and there maybe issues that we don't anticipate. However, at this point we wouldn't engage in enrolling pivotal trials for registration of these products that we didn't have a pretty good sense that there's a roadmap. And so obviously there's the usual dynamics which always takes longer than we all can imagine to do these things like enroll trials and get the data and file and get it reviewed and get the product to market. But in some ways, a lot of that is based on fairly standard approaches to looking at those kinds of guidelines.
Sean Harper: So oprozomib is as you know the oral proteasome inhibitor which is in development at Onyx and it is sort of in a Phase 2a kind of stage of development or it's still in relatively small numbers of patients. And we are understanding the various things you do at that stage in terms of how well tolerated as a monotherapy formulations that we play around with combinations with some of the things that we know that it would have to be combined with. So a lot of work that is aside from the fact that it's an oral versus an intravenous agent and it's relatively straightforward from the perspective of comparing it to the work that was done by Onyx with Kyprolis.
