Robert Bradway: All right. Thank you, Jon. On Slide 9, I'll give you a summary of the global commercial performance for the first quarter. In particular, I'll focus my comments just on a few key issues impacting our results and will be providing much more detail tomorrow. As you can see, our global product sales grew by 3% versus 1% -- sorry, versus the first quarter of 2010, and this growth was driven primarily by several factors. In U.S., as we've already mentioned, Enbrel and Filgrastim delivered strong results with growth of 9% and 8% respectively, and that was driven primarily by a combination of price and unit demand. In the U.S., EPOGEN sales were down by $88 million or 14% during the quarter. This decline was due to a lower dose utilization driven by changes in the market arising from bundling. And I'll provide plenty of detail tomorrow on bundling, but in general, I wanted to note on this call that bundling is playing out pretty much as we expected when we talked to you in January, and we continue to believe that we'll see a mid-teens percent dose decline in 2011, which will be partially offset by patient population growth and by price.  Aranesp sales were down 7% during the first quarter, with sales down 7% in the U.S. and 8% outside of the U.S. The implementation of REMS, which was finalized in the first quarter here in the U.S. had some impact on sales. And in Europe, the trends were influenced by some erosion in price and units, although our market share remained stable through the period internationally.  Our newer products including Sensipar, Vectibix, Nplate, Prolia and XGEVA globally grew by $101 million or 34% on the quarter, and I'd like to provide a bit more detail on our launch products in particular, Prolia and XGEVA, to give you a bit more color on their performance in the quarter.  On Slide 10, I have included a graph showing the cumulative syringes sold in the U.S., and that's represented in green on the slide. So as you can see in the U.S., growth is accelerating nicely. And to give you some sense of this, in 2010, it took us 6 months to generate sales of the first 30,000 syringes. And in the U.S. in 2011, we reached roughly that same number of syringes in half the time, including growth in March of 60% over the level that we achieved in February.  Looking at the business in the U.S., we estimate that about 20% of our Prolia patients were treatment naive but obviously presented with multiple risk factors. The primary care community continues to represent the bulk of prescribing. On the quarter, it was about 2/3 of the prescribing physicians, and they are generating about 60% of the Prolia usage. And then, the second half of the year, we expect retail access through Part D, returning patients and the commencement of our DTC [direct-to-consumer] promotion to serve as catalysts for Prolia in the launch. And I'll provide, obviously, much more detail on that tomorrow.  Turning now to XGEVA on Slide 11, with revenues of $42 million in its first full quarter since launch, we're very pleased with the broad uptake that we've seen so far. Looking at patients on XGEVA to date, in oncology clinics, 2/3 of our patients were previously treated with an intravenous bisphosphonate, primarily Zometa, of course, and the remaining 1/3 were new to treatment. All these patients, about half of them were breast cancer patients, followed by prostate and other solid tumors. The product is being used broadly in the oncology setting.  With respect to prostate, three quarters of the XGEVA use has been provided in hospitals and oncology clinics, with the remaining quarter in urology clinics where we already have a very strong patient share of about 40%. The reimbursement landscape for XGEVA is very favorable. On the Medicare front, all Medicare carriers have confirmed coverage on Part B, and virtually all commercialized have coverage, with the vast majority of commercialized having no medical benefit restriction. So we'll cover, obviously, the outlook for XGEVA in greater detail tomorrow. Now let me turn to Roger who'll give you a brief update on R&D.
Robert Bradway: Thanks for the question, Eric. And obviously, I'll walk through this in some detail tomorrow because I know it's an important question for all of you to feel comfortable about. And our feedback from the customers and from the data in the first quarter would suggest that this is playing out pretty much as we expected, the largest impact so far arising from withholding doses in those patients whose hemoglobin levels were above 12. And as regards the other important drivers, again, very much in line with what we've said to you previously. And so I'll save much of the detail for tomorrow in this, Eric. But so far, again, we feel comfortable that the dynamic of bundling here in the U.S. is about what we expected.
Robert Bradway: Happy to answer to answer that question. Again, I'll give you a bit more perspective on this tomorrow. But about 20% of the patients here in the U.S. are treatment naive. It's higher Europe where it's about 50% but 20% here. GPs are, again, the bulk of prescribing. As regards the split between GPs and specialists, in terms of putting treatment naive patients, I don't have that data at the hand. But GPs continue to be about 2/3 of the prescribing of Prolia.
Robert Bradway: I'm not sure. I think the big move in the quarter was international. I'm not sure it's biosimilars that are driving that, Yaron. I think what we see here in the U.S. obviously, was a reflection of the REMS being implemented in first quarter. Internationally, our share remains stable. We saw some price impact. Most of that was macroeconomic related, and we clearly saw a decrease in the segment overall in Europe. It appears to be more practice-pattern related than the biosimilar-specific issue. For the most part, the pricing discipline and biosimilars for the ESAs' franchises been stable in Europe.
Robert Bradway: Maybe you're right. XGEVA is off to a strong start. We're pleased with the broad uptake of it by hospitals, oncology clinics and urologists. I think, most of that community is comfortable certainly, the hospital and clinics and oncologist comfortable using temporary J-Codes, so it hasn't been as an issue for us, for example, in the way that it was associated with the early launch of Prolia.
Robert Bradway: Yes, and you can see some of the data on Slide 11 where I provided a breakdown of the use so far. So 45% of the use is in breast cancer, 19% in prostate, and then, 22% in other solid tumors, and 15% -- we just don't have the data yet. So I think that, that reflects the demographics of those tumors more than anything else. I wouldn't read too much into why the prostate numbers not larger at this point. And I think oncologists treating bone mets for prostate cancer suffers have moved quickly to adopt XGEVA.
Robert Bradway: Yes, I mean, there were some inventory stocking at year-end, Rachel, in respect to Prolia. And so, in January and holiday period, we burned some of that off.
Robert Bradway: I'll take you through in great detail tomorrow. As you know, this is the season for Part D plan contracting, and so, we'll give you a fresh update tomorrow as to where we are. We're pleased with the progress but I'd rather step you through it in detail than answer it on this call.
Robert Bradway: Good. Why don't we start with -- Jon, why don’t you start with the P&L geography question, and I'll pick up from that.
Robert Bradway: And in terms the wholesaler inventories, Geoff, we ended the quarter with all of the products inside the normal range of our wholesaler inventory levels and pretty much consistent with where we were at the end of the fourth quarter and very little change versus the first quarter of 2010.
Robert Bradway: Yes, I think, Eric, what we're trying to convey by our words and actions is sort of three big ideas. One is purposeful investment. Second big idea is relentless drive for efficiency. Third big idea is wise use of capital, which means beat our cost of capital and investments, and don't get seduced by just accounting benefits. So we're going to hammer those themes tomorrow, and I hope they're clear and persuasive because that's how we're trying to operate the place. We’ve probably got time for one more question, and then we'll adjourn for good night's sleep for tomorrow.
Jonathan Peacock: Yes, no, just to clarify. The tax rate is going down because the creditability is reflected in the tax rate. The tax charge is reflected in operating expenses. So over the course of the year, the tax charge that we will see in operating expenses will broadly equate to the tax credit that we will see in the tax line. So the overall P&L has not changed materially as a result of this, but sort of the geography of where the tax sits has changed. So it doesn't imply higher expenses elsewhere on the P&L. It simply reflects that the Puerto Rico taxes reflected above the line and the creditability below the line.
Jonathan Peacock: Yes, no, so the equivalent charge is on the cost of sales line on the P&L, so you can expect to see cost of sales higher by an equivalent amount over the course of the year and the equivalent credit appearing in the tax line, so that's the geography of it.
Jonathan Peacock: I'm going to talk tomorrow in some detail about the operating plan that we've put in place for both this year and subsequent years. And I think let me talk about that in some more detail tomorrow. But I think you -- that the guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year for this year stands, and the area that I think we've highlighted where costs would be higher this year was R&D. So I think in the longer-term we're just to focus on R&D relative to last year.
Jonathan Peacock: I'm going to talk about that in detail tomorrow Ravi, in terms of how we plan to allocate capital going forward both on the remainder of this year and in future years, so you'll get quite specific guidance from me on that tomorrow.
