Arvind K. Sood: Okay, thank you, Jake. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our conference call to review our operating performance for the fourth quarter and full year 2015. I would particularly like to acknowledge those who are new in their coverage of Amgen, including Steve Chesney of Atlantic Equities in London, Ronny Gal of Bernstein, Alethia Young of Credit Suisse, Hartaj Singh of BTIG, and Brian Skorney of Baird. Welcome. Each of us look forward to working with you and helping you understand of our company. We have a lot of ground to cover today, so let me make some very quick introductions. Leading the call today will be our Chairman and CEO, Bob Bradway, who will provide a strategic report on our performance in 2015 and outlook for 2016. Following Bob, our CFO, David Meline, will review our Q4 and full-year results and update you on our previous preliminary financial guidance for 2016. Tony Hooper, our head of Global Commercial Operations, will then discuss our product performance during the quarter, with a particular focus on newly launched products. Following Tony, our head of R&D, Sean Harper, will provide a pipeline update. We will use slides for our presentation today. These slides have been posted on our website, and a link was sent to you separately by email. Our comments today will be governed by our Safe Harbor statement, which in summary says that through the course of our presentation and discussion today, we may make certain forward-looking statements, and actual results may vary materially. So with that, I would like to turn the call over to Bob.
Arvind K. Sood: Yeah, hang on, Jake. Before you move on to Alethia, Tony was asking if he had addressed Geoff's question.
Arvind K. Sood: Okay, looks like we might have lost him, so let's go on with the next question from Alethia. Alethia, go ahead.
Arvind K. Sood: Okay, great. In that case, let me thank everybody for your participation in our call. Between myself and my team, we'll be around for a while. So if there are any other questions, feel free to call us. Have a good day.
Sean E. Harper: Yes, so I think obviously when one looks, this is a genetically validated target, and when one looks at the rare familial forms of absence of sclerostin or partial absence of sclerostin activity such as van Buchem's disease or sclerosteosis, these individuals from conception are deficient in sclerostin. And so as a consequence of course, over time, often in their third or fourth decade, they begin to have some untoward effects from this, such as very thick skull plates and the foramina in which cranial nerves that exit from the skull can impinge on the nerves due to overgrowth of bone. I think that this is something that is an effect developing from conception with the absence of sclerostin. And I just would contrast it sharply with giving one year of therapy to generally quite elderly, at least middle-aged at minimum, osteoporotic patients. So I think of course in an abundance of caution, we are doing testing on hearing and some other things that are designed to assess these kind of theoretical risks. But I would certainly be very surprised to see a pharmacodynamic response from the drug that would result in those kind of complications. The DSMB, of course, is fully aware, as all our investigators are out doing the trials, and patients through informed consent that all of the theoretical and established potential risks of these kinds of investigative products.
Sean E. Harper: What I would say is that the confidence level we have about the BMD, which as you know is the most impressive BMD increase that's been seen in humans with any treatment, translating that into fracture resistance, that confidence is high. I think that the genetic validation that exists for the pathway is very convincing to people in the field. Also, we saw – this is one of the few areas where the preclinical models, particularly those performed in non-human primates, are really quite predictive of what you'll see in humans. And then in a non-human primate, we were able to do biomechanical testing of bone, of course, after animals are sacrificed. And so we know that we achieved extremely high bone strength in these animals commensurate with the BMD increases. And finally, we've done very advanced imaging of humans that have been treated with romosozumab and compared it head to head to what we see with Forteo. And as you probably know, Forteo has its major impact on trabecular bone and has a relatively limited impact on cortical bone. And cortical bone really is what matters for the majority of long bone fracture risk, which is really where the clinical need is. And so we have multiple reasons to believe the genetics, the preclinical information, and the imaging that we've done in humans that we should have only not only a greater BMD increase, but that the quality of the bone that we're producing is of a higher quality than what one gets using PTH analogues. One way of thinking about this is there really are two master regulatory switches for controlling BMD. One of them is RANK Ligand, which controls osteoclast function that we direct in us met (52:27) there. And the other is sclerostin, which controls osteoblast function, and there sclerostin is the key mediator. So what you're doing here like with romosozumab is throwing a master physiologic regulatory switch. And so what you're expecting to get and what we see in everything that we've observed is physiologic high-quality bone formation.
Sean E. Harper: Year two, I think the thing that is interesting here in this paradigm is that this is a one-year treatment. And so the first year of the study is very important because it's a placebo-controlled period. We know from our experience with humans that we can't just withdraw the product and leave patients on no therapy, so the gains that are so impressive will melt away relatively quickly. And so it is necessary to lock in these gains with an antiresorptive agent. So what we expect to see is – we obviously know a lot about Prolia. We expect the placebo group to respond well to Prolia in the second year, but the patients on romosozumab will also get substantial benefit. And so if there's a meaningful difference in fracture risk at the end of year one, that should persist more or less out to the second year and even in theory well beyond that. But this is a new paradigm in osteoporosis, this relatively short period. And the study designs are quite different than what people are used to seeing in the field, so we'll all be fascinated to see the results obviously.
Sean E. Harper: Okay. So with respect to room, what I would say is that you're right that this will not be so straightforward as to make cross-trial comparisons of those sort. They're fraught with difficulty always, these Santa Claus trial comparisons. But in osteoporosis, because the trials are very large and of very similar design, in general people have felt pretty comfortable doing that. and you've seen that, for example, when we had our three-year fracture data for Prolia, people compared it to three-year fracture data with bisphosphonate, either oral or IV, et cetera. And I think in this case it's going to be much more difficult to make those kind of simple comparisons. I think what will happen here is that the data will be interpreted by the experts in the field. And as always is the case with a specialty product like this that's targeted at a very specific patient population, the experts in the field will make the determination whether they think that the data are impressive and who ought to be getting the product, and that will influence prescribing outside the expert community. With respect to the primary versus secondary prevention strategies, I think that the companies that were in the lead on PCSK9 wanted to get outcomes data for these products as fast as was possible. And the fastest way to get the outcomes data is to study a patient population that has a fairly high event rate, and that generally is achieved – or one of the main levers you can pull is to have patients who have suffered a prior event. That's one of the strongest predictors of a subsequent event. As you know, there have been slightly different flavor variants on that that have been pursued by us and by Regeneron, but that's been the basic approach. Moreover, it's never been necessary in this field to do outcomes trials in various different populations in order to have a label the covers broad patient populations. So what you really need to do is demonstrate convincingly that the LDL level reductions that you're achieving with your agent translate unequivocally into reductions in cardiovascular outcome risk. That's all you need to do. And we feel that the studies will do that. Obviously, a company coming behind, it has to think about what they're going to do to try to differentiate their position.
Sean E. Harper: Yeah. So these trials were all designed more or less at the same time by the same group of people. And they all have a generally similar design in that they have interim analyses. Obviously, that interim analysis has in it the ability to stop the trial for clear futility and to stop the trial for overwhelming efficacy. And if you, I'm sure will recall, both ASPIRE and ENDEAVOR were stopped for overwhelming efficacy. I think this is a reasonable design. But I don't think that we are in any way planning on seeing a first-line study stopped for overwhelming efficacy at the interim, but it is a possibility.
Sean E. Harper: Yes, on the romo study, yes, we believe based on the published guidances by regulators around the world and our interactions with the regulators around the world that if successful, the placebo-controlled study we were just talking about earlier, the first of these studies that reads out, will be sufficient for global registration.
Sean E. Harper: Yeah. I mean this is the kind of subject than one can sit around and talk about for many, many hours with experts, which I've done. And I think the best thing I can say is that we have a remarkably linear relationship that we've established, most recently with IMPROVE-IT, extending that line in just a remarkably linear fashion. Extending the line that was created by statins and by other interventions, such as ileal bypass surgery and so on, and the genetics of course. And so when you put it all together, what you have to believe scientifically is that what the truth is, that you're going to fall right on that line in the same way as if you achieved that additional LDL lowering with a statin or with ezetimibe, were that possible. Obviously it's not. Could it deviate from the line? Sure. I mean it is always possible that some of the foibles of the way that the clinical trials are designed and conducted – there is of course, for example, a treatment lag of some sort that occurs when you start therapies. And so when the study reads out very quickly instead of over a longer period of time, that has a bigger influence, et cetera, that could make it come off the line slightly in one direction. We also know that the agent does have some activities that statins don't have. For example, there is an effect on Lp(a), which is present in some individuals and seems to be a strong prognostic factor that could make the dot come off the line a little bit the other direction. So there's some variability that you could expect. But from a scientific perspective, based on the human genetics and everything we know, one would expect that you're going to see a reduction that would be proportional and dissimilar (1:10:26). And that would be roughly this ballpark around the one-third level reduction of the risk. So that's the kind of number that many people – keep in mind I think the 50% reduction in risk that was suggested by the analyses that were published in The New England Journal, there's a very wide confidence interval around those. And while you can't rule out the possibility that you'll see that big of a reduction, that's a bigger reduction than you would expect to get if you were achieving the LDL lowering that we're achieving with a statin. So it requires some other biology like Lp(a) or something to be going on. And I can't tell you that's not happening, but it sure wouldn't be my base case.
Sean E. Harper: We're actually really excited. I think it's fair that we've had so much going on in the later stages that we haven't spent as much time focusing on talking about what's going on in the earlier pipeline. But we're really excited about quite a number of things in the earlier pipeline. Obviously, omecamtiv mecarbil is very exciting. We have the migraine, new migraine antibody PAC-1 that I mentioned. We have a novel heart failure molecule which will be entering in the clinic this year. That's something that we've developed in-house. We have a completely novel inflammation mechanism that no one else is pursuing that I think is extremely interesting that's entering Phase 1 now. And we have quite a range of bites (1:12:57) targets that are moving forward into the clinic either now or in the relatively near future. So I think there's plenty to look forward to in that space. And we also have earlier than that really the most exciting stuff, which is some of the targets that we believe we are uniquely working on because they've arisen from our advanced population-based human genetic efforts like this sort of Gene X example that some of you may recall from our business review, which is moving along very nicely. So I think in a future business review type setting we'll probably talk a little bit more. It's been hard to do that with everything that's been going on in the late-stage work.
Anthony C. Hooper: Thanks, Eric. So I'm glad you see the relative performance in the marketplace. The hub we put together was clearly done because we understood there was going to be a little bit of time before the payers made a decision around formulary approval. And to me, the hub has therefore been a surrogate to the level of prescriptions that cardiologists and endos and primary care physicians are prepared to prescribe. We are seeing a really robust level of prescriptions coming through the hub. So to me, that continues to give me great confidence in terms of physician willingness to prescribe this drug for patients who fit inside the label. The prescriptions themselves in terms of both the NBRxs and the TRxs are continuing. It's clear that the utilization management criteria in place is restricting the number of prescriptions that get dispensed. And we are working with payers at the moment to make sure that patients who are eligible actually get access to these drugs.
Anthony C. Hooper: So the outcomes study, clearly I think one thing that's clear what the value of this drug is, physicians, patients, and payers will realize a tremendous amount of value. Now I think there will be a time between the data becoming present and the data moving into the label that we'll be negotiating with payer by payer. But once it's in the label, it's clear that we should see some dramatic uptake then, yes.
Anthony C. Hooper: Okay. So NEUPOGEN, tough to answer your question. We clearly segment the NEUPOGEN account between large, medium, and small. And we decide which ones we're going to defend and which ones we're going to be letting go. As you know we've had competition on the market for over a year now plus a biosimilar competitor for close to six months. And we still hold 76% of the market share. As regard to the on-body injector for Neulasta, the main reason we brought it to market is the unique distinctive value this drug – or that this device brings to patients and to the physicians and clinics and institutions. Most patients try and get their chemo on a Friday; then they can spend the weekend recovering before they go back to work. Neulasta requires them to come back on a Saturday morning to get their last injection. So sometimes what was happening is patients were getting the injections too early, which is actually not good. It actually reduces the effectiveness of the drug quite dramatically. Or two, they were not coming back for the injection at all, so exposing themselves to potential febrile neutropenia. So the real value that we've picked up from patients, from nurses, from physicians, and from institutions has been we are increasing the opportunity to give patients the right number of cycles at the right time and really reduce the possibility of febrile neutropenia dramatically. This is the benefit we sell the device on consistently, which I'm sure will continue and stick.
Anthony C. Hooper: So I think with Kyprolis, we have to start with our true belief that driving deep remission is where clinical practice is going to go. And the combinations using Kyprolis as one of the products in the backbone is clearly showing us these huge extended periods of PFS, which by definition is helping us drive deep remission. Patient convenience down the line will become important. And I think the once a week dose will certainly help with patient convenience to ensure that patients stay on the drug for as long as we can. As regards to duration, when we look at the chart orders, we see that products in this category in second line are probably being used between about seven months to eight months at the moment. It's difficult to quote Kyprolis data yet, because we only got approval for the second line in July. So we're hoping to see some extended data in the next couple of quarters.
Anthony C. Hooper: So let's start with Prolia because we've spent the last four or five years now building a level of expertise on Prolia. And we were the first biologic, injectable biologic to launch into a GP-type market, a complex process which I think the team have got their hands around. And as you see the data in the U.S., Prolia continues to grow in leaps and bounds as we get both breadth and depth of prescribing happening. It's clear to us that a lot of these patients are elderly, and coming back to the doctor is important to ensure they get the injection. When I think about any other potential competition to romo, the biggest complaint they have is the difficulty of daily injections, of course. So we do see that the same targets that are prescribing Prolia would be targeted to go to, to talk about romo. And we think that the large unmet opportunity in the marketplace, this is quite a large opportunity for us to go to market with.
Anthony C. Hooper: We are always looking to advance and improve on the way we actually bring to market a combination device product, and we will continue to look at effective and efficient ways for those patients who decide that self-injection could be an option, yes.
Anthony C. Hooper: Sure. So, Geoff, I think I better understand your question now, more around in addition to TRx's, what else should we be looking at to see future growth in the marketplace. Like always, to me TRx's and MDRx's in terms of new naive patients are the most important thing to measuring in terms of the growth. But with a new launch like this where the plans are put into place at the formularies, one has to remember that IMS only reports dispensed prescriptions; i.e., prescriptions that come to a pharmacy or a specialty pharmacy and the patient actually walks away with the drug. What you have to be able to look at inside that data is how many prescriptions get to the pharmacy and how many are rejected versus how many are abandoned. So we are seeing that the majority of prescriptions getting to the pharmacy at the moment are being rejected, rejected because the prior authorization process has not been properly completed or there's some outstanding information and patients have to go back and get some more data. All patients are seeing the copay at this particular stage because the product is not properly on formulary yet as being too high a copay, and they abandon the prescription and they walk away. So the data you're seeing is really important, but you have to understand that the majority of prescriptions getting to the pharmacy are either being rejected or abandoned at the moment while the plans complete their process, which is why we spent so much time with the plans at the moment showing them the number of eligible patients who are on label getting to pharmacy and not getting product. It really is a concern. And when you think about the potential Repatha patient, these are patients that are at risk right now for a cardiac event and therefore early intervention is essential, so we're spending quite a bit of urgent with the payers.
Anthony C. Hooper: So it's Tony here, Josh. Utilization management criteria obviously differ plan by plan, but they include things such as patient must restate naturally tolerated statin dose or someone requires you to be on one or two statins. Some of them require you to have done statins plus a step-through to Zetia. There's clearly a requirement around your LDLC level, they have to be at a certain level. But probably the more complex thing is the prior authorization documents. There are five pages of handwritten stuff that physicians have to find out about. And most of the rejections are because the form is not properly completed, and this is the time to collect the data. So as we get the process running a bit more efficiently and hopefully moving from paper to an electronic process, the prior authorizations could go faster. And then as we show the payers the impact of too draconian a utilization management criteria not getting to the right patients, we will see some changes there. The outcomes data of course will dramatically change the value of this particular drug, and we do expect to see some changes in the utilization criteria once we have that turn.
Anthony C. Hooper: So I think that the payers will be looking at high-risk patients. Physicians will be making decisions around patients to prescribe that have a high risk. And I think the clinical trials we have will take into account all patients that are high-risk. Clearly those who have an event or have concomitant disabilities will be a higher chance of getting a drug and getting it prescribed.
Anthony C. Hooper: I think the price we'll be able to charge will be clearly linked around the value proposition we see coming out of the clinical trials.
