Arvind Sood: Thank you, Marvin. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our Q4 and full year 2011 results conference call. The objective of this call is to review our solid performance in 2011, focus on our outlook for 2012 and provide some additional details on the transaction that we announced this morning with Micromet.  I'm joined today by Kevin Sharer, our Chairman and CEO, and several members of our management team, including some who are participating in such call for the first time. Kevin will provide the introductions today, although we'll still keep our prepared comments brief and focus only on those that provide added color beyond what's in our press release. We'll use slides for our presentation today. These slides have been posted on our website and a link was sent to you separately by e-mail.  I would like to remind you that our comments today will be governed by our Safe Harbor statement, which in a summarized form means that through the course of our presentation today, we may make certain forward-looking statements and actual results may vary materially. I will also note that in connection with the U.S. securities laws and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, we will not be discussing the terms of the Micromet transaction on this call. For more information on the terms of the merger, please review our Form 8-K that was filed earlier today to which the merger agreement with Micromet is attached. Shortly, we'll also follow the tender offer statement on Schedule TO, including the offer to purchase. So with that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin.
Arvind Sood: Yes, that's fine. Marvin, let's go ahead and open it up for the Q&A session. Before you do, a special shout-out to Ravi Mehrotra from Credit Suisse who's celebrating his 40th birthday today, and he told me that he could think of no better way than to be in a conference call.
Arvind Sood: Thanks for taking the time. If you have any other [ph] comments, questions, obviously, the Investor Relations team will be on the board for some time. Thanks again.
Kevin W. Sharer: Thank you, Roger. That was from the heart, I can guarantee. But now I'd like to open the floor to our normal question-and-answer session. And Arvind, you might state the rules of engagement here and we'll take it from there.
Kevin W. Sharer: That's correct, Eun. We do have molecules in development. We're not going to share details about the specific programs at this point. As you know, in December, we announced a partnership with Watson to develop and commercialize several oncology antibodies. And I hope you'll respect that, for competitive reasons, we're not going to share details any earlier than we need to about the programs that we're advancing. But we're excited about the potential for growth from biosimilars. And I would point out that the opportunity for us is not just in the U.S. but obviously globally, and we see an opportunity to leverage the biosimilars as we seek to expand internationally into new markets.
Kevin W. Sharer: I think that's a good question to close out today on. We appreciate your questions, and I look forward to talking to you again here in 3 months. Thank you very much.
Anthony C. Hooper: So this is Tony. Let me start with my short knowledge and some of my team members can help me. There have been discussions around this being an issue and physicians questioning it. We have not seen any real data yet. I understand there's been some trials that have been run or there's a collection of some external data taking place, which could be presented in the next couple of months or so. Net-net, however, I think just the overall practice based on the changes in the label and the reimbursement, physicians have now got to a level where they are comfortable with prescribing but there could be a challenge when we start to see some of the outcomes of the data.
Anthony C. Hooper: So the data we have for the fourth quarter shows a 2% unit growth in the quarter itself. The actual details of a market demand, I have not yet seen it. We'll probably see those in the next couple of weeks.
Anthony C. Hooper: So as I said earlier, it was clear that the large dialysis centers moved quite rapidly in adjusting the EPOGEN label. But at the same time, the decreases in prescribing Aranesp for renal insufficiency continued a bit more slowly. We see that now evolving between now and the middle of next year and then stabilizing as we go forward. As regards to biosimilars in Europe, we've continued to project the same type of interaction we have to date. We've managed to maintain our price premium, and we are holding pretty well in terms of the market share.
Robert A. Bradway: What I would add to what Tony has said, Chris, this is Bob, is that we expected the large dialysis clinics would quickly change their protocols followed the changes to the label and reimbursement, and we saw that. We think the bulk of the changes were implemented very quickly. And we expect that there will be some residual carryover early in 2012. We think the bulk of the changes in the way patients are being treated has already been made. And the feedback that we're getting from customers in the clinics is that they will expect to have a rather more stable utilization of EPO this year.
Robert A. Bradway: I don't think we can actually speculate at this stage what it will be until we see the data, I'm afraid.
Robert A. Bradway: I mean, first, obviously, we don't have a label yet. And so obviously, we look forward to having the opportunity to discuss this with the ODAC, and we will see where we come out. We have a PDUFA date, as you know, in April. But faraway biggest opportunity for us, of course, is in treating patients whose cancers are already spread to the bone. We're very pleased with the progress we're making there. As I said in my remarks earlier, we're pleased with the growth in the market, which means that we were reaching more patients and patients who weren't previously being treated now have access to medicine, in particular XGEVA. And we're pleased with the share that we're taking. But that is far and away the larger opportunity. And so why don't we wait and see what the FDA review of XGEVA in the setting of metastasis prevention provides by way of the label and then we'll address it at that time.
Robert A. Bradway: On XGEVA, where the guidance included the bone mets prevention. Obviously, we're not giving product-specific guidance on this call and there are puts and take across the product range. And the guidance we've given you, we think, reflects our best view of where we are heading into 2012. So as we said at the outset, we're pleased with the momentum that we bring to the start of the year, and we're excited about the opportunity to accelerate revenue growth.
Robert A. Bradway: Yes, I think we tried to give you a sense of why we feel pretty optimistic at this stage in the year and the optimism is borne by our -- is underpinned by the strength we see in the core franchises. We're pleased with the progress that we're making and growing Neulasta globally. We're pleased with the position we have with Enbrel. And again, we think the ESA franchise will be more stable that it has been in past years, that the products that we have recently launched, which are growing. Obviously, XGEVA, Prolia, Sensipar, Vectibix and Nplate are all performing well. We have high expectations for the growth in most products in 2012 in established and emerging markets. So really across-the-board, while there are puts and takes, we think the guidance we provided reflects our best view of what the likely outcome for the year is.
Robert A. Bradway: Sure. Again, I think your -- our acquisition philosophy remains to try to find innovative medicines that can make a difference for patients who are grievously ill. So what you should expect from our licensing and our business development activity more generally is that those are the kinds of molecules and opportunities we're going to be looking for. Specifically, with respect to the ex-U.S. cash, Micromet is a U.S-listed company, so we're using onshore cash to fund that acquisition. But as an ongoing investment, ongoing R&D expenses for Micromet and its team in Munich, obviously, we'll be able to use offshore cash for that. Last year, early in the year, we made an acquisition of a business in Brazil. We're pleased with the early results from that, and that was the other focus in some of our acquisition activity to the extent we're able to find small opportunities in markets where we're trying to expand and to the extent we believe we can leverage those transactions to launch our own innovative products. We'll continue to look at transactions like that. But they would -- I think you should expect that they'll be on the smaller side of things just like the Bergamo transaction that we did last year in Brazil.
Robert A. Bradway: Robyn, obviously, I understand the interest in the question and we look forward to having the opportunity at the appropriate time to present the new team and for the new team to have a chance to talk to you about the things that we want to do strategically and the things that we're excited about at the company. But I think Kevin summarized very well our expectations for the transition.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Well, Michael, we're quite opportunistic. We're interested in valuable programs that we think can make a real difference to patients suffering from grievous illness. In some cases, that will be because of a new discovery that really isn't quite an early stage. It is unusual, of course, to find very late-stage opportunities available because there are so few of them, that just is a fact. But we look at the totality of programs from extremely early programs, which sometimes we approach through investment or venture activity, to later stage programs that already have demonstrated as blinatumomab has clinical efficacy in a Phase II or even later program. So we look at the totality of them. There's no special formula.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Well, Josh, what gives us confidence, the extent one ever has confidence when you're embarking upon a Phase II study is that the preclinical data are so strong. And these, of course, have been described in various research publications and at ASBMR meetings. So the data for sclerostin inhibition, in terms of reducing the frequency of nonunion, are very impressive. And in fact, what we've shown preclinically is that by inhibiting sclerostin, you can fill in a very substantial gap in bone that's introduced via an osteotomy. So it's really quite an impressive result. Now will that translate into clinical improvement with respect to the frequency of nonunion, the ability of patients to bear weight early, reduction in pain, et cetera? We don't know. We're testing that both in tibial fracture and also in hip fracture, and time will tell. But those are the kinds of things that we would like to see as a result of our clinical trials.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Yes, okay. The platform as you indicated is extremely interesting because redirected lysis has been something that molecular immunologists have wanted to achieve for a long time to target cytotoxic T cells to direct the elimination of cell populations in people, but it's not been easy to make work. And Patrick Baeuerle and his team have done a great job with that. That opens up a whole set of solid tumor indications and potentially other indications that could be approached using that platform. And that's the basis of our partnership with them, which we announced last July and also the basis of many other partnerships' arrangements. Essentially, it comes down to picking the right targets. What's been shown is that you can harness the power of cytotoxic T lymphocytes to kill tumor cells. So you have to find the right targets and then demonstrate in the clinic that those targets actually can be destroyed without undue adverse effects. Most of those programs are at a preclinical stage. There are some early clinical data that are coming in with respect to another program, the MT110 program. It's an early Phase I situation and a few other things. But I think the opportunity that exists there with respect to that platform is simple. It's a better way to kill tumor cells, and now we have to go about showing that we can kill the right cells in patients suffering from malignancy.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Yes, sure, Geoff. We are still in the midst of studies that will help to define dose and schedule for both of those programs. And there are -- there are aspects for the programs, particularly for 785, that relate not only to dose and schedule the way you defined it, but also for how long one should treat patients with 785 in order to gain the maximum effect. So those things are all being addressed, but we're optimistic that one can have monthly scheduling with AMG 785. It is possible it could be even less frequent, and time will tell as far as that's concerned. Over time, one would expect also, with AMG 145, that we should be able to get to that kind of schedule although it may be that, early on, when we'll be working with something closer to every-2-week dosing. Again, time will tell as we see the results from our Phase II studies. And no, I won't name my favorite. We want all our children to go to college and...
Roger M. Perlmutter: Yes. The fact of the matter is that this is a strategy that has evolved over a very long period of time. When I joined the company, Amgen had already had a very strong reputation in supportive care and part of the push was to add to that a therapeutics capability, which we did by developing drugs that block signal transduction or growth factor signaling in tumors. And what we're doing now, is we've said, "All right, that is one way of trying to eliminate tumors, to kill them by depriving them of things that they need to grow." But another way of doing this is to actually kill the tumor cells themselves. And if we could harness an immunological reaction, that would be a good thing to do. Part of that strategy, we revealed by the BioVex acquisition last year around this time in which an modified Herpes Simplex virus triggers an immune response that eliminates malignant melanoma. We're in Phase III in that. We'll be interested in looking at those data, which -- some of which should become available this year. And in addition, we look for opportunities to harness immune killing of tumors in other ways. Of course, I've been interested in Micromet and their BiTE platform for a very long time. We did sign the collaboration agreement with them in July of last year, and that in turn led to this most recent transaction. So it's been a very systematic and, I think, quite thoughtful look at opportunities to eliminate tumor cells in patients suffering from malignant disease.
