Arvind K. Sood: Thanks, Ian. Good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for taking the time to participate in our second quarter results conference call today. We realize it's a very busy day with a number of companies reporting but, unfortunately, we are going to add to your already long day as we have a lot to discuss today. Our Chairman and CEO, Bob Bradway, will open up the discussion today with an overview of our business, the environment we operate in and management succession. Our CFO, David Meline, will then review our financial results for the second quarter in some detail and provide updated guidance for 2018. Tony Hooper, who leads our Global Commercial Operations, will give you an update on how our products are performing, particularly those that have been launched recently. And then our Head of R&D, Sean Harper, will provide a pipeline update. We will use slides to guide our discussion today and a link to these slides was sent separately. My customary reminder that we will use non-GAAP financial measures in today's presentation and some of the statements will be forward-looking statements. Our 10-K and subsequent filings identify factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially. So, with that, I would like to turn the call over to Bob. But before I do, I would like to sign a fun fact for the day. The crossword puzzle in The New York Times today, 30 down, the answer is Amgen. So, with that, Bob, over to you.
Arvind K. Sood: Ian, let's take the next question. And just a quick reminder that if you can please limit yourself to one question, so (01:04:35). Let's go to the next one.
Arvind K. Sood: Thanks, all, for your participation. If we didn't get to your question, feel free to call us. The IR team will be standing by for several hours. Thanks again.
Robert A. Bradway: Okay. Thank you, Sean. Before we turn the call over to Q&A, Sean, if you'd like to say a few words as I guess this is your swan song earnings call. Why don't you feel free to share your thoughts? And then we'll invite Dave Reese to say a few words and then open up for questions.
Robert A. Bradway: Okay. Thanks, Dave. Let's open it up for questions now and we'll ask our operator just to remind you all of the procedures for doing that. Ian, over to you.
Robert A. Bradway: Okay. There's quite a lot there, Ying. Let's break it into two-parts. Start with David Meline in response to your question on capital allocation. Then we'll ask Tony just to reiterate what he said in the call.
Robert A. Bradway: Okay. So again a couple questions there, Repatha, the utilization management question and then how guidelines may affect.
Robert A. Bradway: Okay, Geoff. Maybe I'll answer your rebate question in two parts. I'll start, and then, Tony, you can jump in. So big picture, Geoff, as you know, the discussion about rebates is underway. The administration has asked for perspectives, and we've participated with our industry colleagues in sharing our thoughts about this. We think that the administration is focusing on an important topic here, which is rebates and the impact that the rebate structure in our industry has on patient affordability. So we welcome an opportunity to be able to share our industry perspectives with decision makers in the government, and that process is underway. It's a little bit premature I think to talk about what the specifics of your question were on our business, but I'll invite Tony to share his thoughts.
Robert A. Bradway: And maybe one last thought – sorry, Geoff – and then we'll kick to Sean. Rebates and the structure that exists today evolved over many decades. It's hard to imagine what the impact of unraveling that would be if that unraveling occurred quickly. But, again, we're part of the discussion. We look forward to trying to figure out whether there isn't a better way for patients than what's in place today. Sean, why don't you...
Robert A. Bradway: Okay. Maybe we'll ask Sean to talk about the appropriateness of interchangeability from a regulatory standpoint first, Geoff, and then, Tony, feel free to add any thoughts you have.
Robert A. Bradway: Okay. I'm not sure exactly what you're getting at, Geoff, but obviously one of the things that's being discussed in Washington is whether it makes sense to consider the movement of certain drugs from Part B to D. And, again, there are early stages of discussions about what that would look like and for which products it would be irrelevant. So premature I think to speculate about whose products would be included in that over what time and what impact.
Robert A. Bradway: Okay. Ian, well, thanks. Let me just say a couple of quick remarks. Obviously, we're encouraged by the strong start we've enjoyed to the first half of 2018 and hope our investors share our optimism for the long-term prospects of the business through the growth that we expect from our new and recently-launched products as well as our biosimilars and innovative pipeline. And, finally, I would be remiss if I didn't just take a moment to thank our staff for their continuing focus on our mission, which is to serve patients with innovative medicines that make the big difference for serious disease. So thank you to all our staff for their focus, the results of which you see in our report through the first six months. Look forward to talking to all of you in October. Thank you.
Anthony C. Hooper: So as regards the Neulasta biosimilar, I mean clearly we have been competing in the marketplace with NEUPOGEN and biosimilars for a number of years now. The team stands ready and able to compete. We have a long legacy and history of reliable and consistency of quality supply. We have spent quite a bit of time converting the market to the Onpro device, which is a unique and innovative device which is beneficial for both clinical practice and for patients themselves. And I think there's quite a difference in the marketplace between the list price of these drugs and the ASP price.
Anthony C. Hooper: Okay. Sure, Matthew. So I want to start by saying I think from what I've seen anecdotally from both physicians and from patients, the response to Aimovig in the marketplace is beyond our expectations, right. So patients are really finding this to be a definitive difference in the way of managing their migraines. We knew we'd have a little bit of an issue in the beginning as we sort of put the contracts into place. So we created the hub together with Novartis to ensure all patients referred into the hub first to allow them access if they didn't already have coverage to the two-month free program. Right now, the majority of our business is in free drug, but we are rapidly converting that business to paid prescriptions. And you'll see as the bolus comes through the hub, there's been quite a dramatic change in the number of patients that happened in the last week or so. And we expect this to get back to a steady state in the next three or four weeks or so. In terms of those organizations who were visionary enough to move rapidly to give access to patients who have been struggling with this devastating disease for a long time, the UM criteria has been pretty clear. We always assume the drug will be used as a second line when patients have failed on existing generic therapies and that's where it is, but all the plans at the moment only require physician at a station, right? So, no documentation, just a physician stating very clearly the patient has already tried some other products.
Anthony C. Hooper: Okay. Sure. So I'm not going to talk about what the countermeasures are that we've put into place. They're clearly competitive. But I have looked very closely at the potential impact of accumulator programs on Enbrel both in the first quarter where I saw minimal to nothing and again for the second quarter where I saw minimal to nothing and I'm not forecasting much in the third quarter beyond.
Anthony C. Hooper: So as regards Neulasta, Umer, all of Neulasta's Part B. Nothing is in Part D. From a reimbursement perspective, Part B is obviously under ASP plus. ASP depends on what your prices are today and what they'll evolve to be in a few quarters time. As Amgen, as a company, we've always presented our position very strongly to both the environment and to CMS and the government that we prefer a level playing field between our sales and biosimilars in the future and allow normal competitive factors in the marketplace to allow us to compete equally.
Anthony C. Hooper: So as I said, about 65% of our business at the moment is going to move towards at a station only. And in terms of total evolution of the commercial business that's probably between 25% and 40% of the total lives available. I think as we continue to negotiate the other plans we will get better utilization management criteria. I do believe we're going to get better access. The drug is proving to be something that physicians and cardiologists are prescribing consistently continually and the demand from patients is still there.
Anthony C. Hooper: So the only thing I could add to what Bob was saying is that clearly in competitive markets your rebates tend to be higher. And so the gap between your list price and your net price tends to get quite large, none of which allows patients to benefit from, of course, because they're paying co-pays, co-insurance or deductibles based on the list price. If the rebates went away, by definition your list prices would get closer to net prices, and patients would be able to access drug better.
Anthony C. Hooper: Sure. So, I mean, as we said, NEUPOGEN to us is probably the best example of the existing system allowing biosimilars to access the marketplace. After three years, they hold the majority market share and, therefore, we continue to put forward our proposal that the market be left as is, that we keep the playing field level, that we allow the normal competitive framework of the marketplace to take place.
Anthony C. Hooper: Okay. And then to answer your question on Neulasta Onpro. So, to remind you again that all the institutions are working as hard as anyone else is to improve on the efficiencies of their processes. Most of the large teaching institutions took about 12 to 18 months to change their clinical practice, because it does apparently take some time to change clinical practice in a large institution. The benefit of this one is, of course, is it changes the entire protocol about how you treat a patient, how many times a patient has to come back to the institution, how many times the oncology pharmacist has to be remixing, how many times the oncology nurse has to be infusing, and how many times the oncologist has to be there which is all on top of the fact that a lot of patients live far from the hospital and have a problem to come back the next-day when they're suffering from the side effects of high dose chemo. So what we've delivered is not just a unique opportunity to give better value to patients who can spend more time at home, who are going to have the drug administered at home but we've also taken out a huge amount of inefficiency in the institutions which allows the nurses, the oncologists, and the pharmacist to go and do something else. So one assumes that the value we bring is more than just the drug itself. It's truly an augmented value and we believe that's fairly sticking.
Anthony C. Hooper: So the list price hasn't changed. Some of the rebates by contract have changed. Some of the newer contracts become effective July 1 and we're clearly having to be competitive in the marketplace to maintain these contracts.
Anthony C. Hooper: Okay. So any innovative SKU to any product, of course, makes the entry of the biosimilar a little bit more difficult. It doesn't make it impossible, so we're watching all those segments in Europe as we speak right now. And then as regards Neulasta and our customers in the U.S., we have fairly strong relationships with our customers, and we have continued to work hard to maintain and to expand those good relationships, yes.
Anthony C. Hooper: So we haven't made that public yet. We're trying to make sure that we understand how unique each of those patients are, coming in, and that they are appropriate patients. I would say that, as you watch the evolution of the prescriptions coming out of that, you'll start getting a feel of the size of the bolus.
Anthony C. Hooper: So there are about 20 headache specialty centers around the country at the moment, and the volume of patients they can take in depends on how much they expand over time or not. But it's a fairly large number of patients coming through them. And then, there are another couple of thousand neurologists who clearly are prescribers. But I do believe that the role of primary care physicians down the road becomes important. They do see patients and their ability to refer patients who are appropriate for a drug like Aimovig would be critical for the long-term value of this drug, yes.
Sean E. Harper: Well, Michael, I think that we've been able to utilize data that we've accumulated in Iceland through deCODE who, as you know, have done some of the really seminal breakthrough genetics and epidemiology and in Alzheimer's to understand the rate of cognitive decline that occurs in patients who have 01 or 2 of the APOE4 alleles. And that plus age allows one to make some estimates of when people who are cognitively normal will begin to develop some cognitive impairment in the context of a disease-modifying trial. So we've had the advantage of that information, and that's what led us with Novartis to move toward this kind of a genetic stratification of the population. And we again expect because we are looking at this type of enriched population that we'll be able to conduct in a feasible way these trials which otherwise it would be very difficult to conduct if you were taking patients who were cognitively normal and didn't have these high risks for conversion in the reasonably near future, try to engage in a clinical trial. So it is a differentiated approach and I think an important one. And as I stressed before, it's not like a little proof-of-concept experiment in some tiny subset of patients with a genetic risk factor. This is 60% of the people who present with Alzheimer's disease have one or two APOE risk alleles.
Sean E. Harper: Right. So with respect to the strategy we're using, so the way to think about it is that we're focused on testing people before it's potentially too late to be able to show disease modification. And so we believe that means that people have to be cognitively normal on an intense battery of cognitive testing. But if you imagine bringing people in who don't have a predisposing genetic driver to have them be very likely to develop the cognitive impairment in the relatively near future, you're going to be doing this study forever. So what we decided to do was basically enrich for people who have both a certain age and the APOE status that they were likely to have enough events of people going from cognitively normal to cognitively impaired during the course of a trial that won't take forever. And given that this represents 60% of people with Alzheimer's disease, it seems like a pretty reasonable strategy to me.
Sean E. Harper: Yeah. And, Terence, for AMG 301, our PAC1 antibody receptor antagonist, we're doing something very similar to what we did with Aimovig where the proof-of-concept trial also includes the dose ranging, all predicated on some dermal blood flow assays that were done in healthy subjects to pinion the dose ranging. So if we're successful in demonstrating proof-of-concept, hopefully we also would have enough dose information to be able to proceed directly into Phase 3 as we were able to do with Aimovig, but, of course, we'll see. This is a novel pathway that needs to be validated in humans through this experiment.
Sean E. Harper: Yeah. It's a great question, Geoff. I think that what I would say is that it's difficult given the costs and complexity and duration of these kind of trials to imagine going directly into combination without having demonstrated some efficacy and safety of the individual interventions. And I think there is a very strong logic behind combination and the disease because we know from the human genetics that one problem is APP processing and the generation of fragments like Abeta. And that another problem is the way in which the glial cells in the brain handle the subsequent cell detritus and death and inflammation. And that's pretty clear from the genetics which has largely been elucidated by deCODE. And so we think that we'll get there and that there will be combination therapy. But we probably need to see one of the individual components validated. And then you'll see people adding on to that therapy to try and see a more dramatic impact on disease progression.
Sean E. Harper: Yeah. I think obviously there are two aspects to this. There's the regulatory piece which varies from country to country. In the U.S., as you probably know, the agency has provided reasonably clear guidance around what's necessary to achieve the interchangeability, but that hasn't really been put into practice yet. People are doing trials that are designed to meet that standard. No one has had an approval based on it yet, so there's a learning curve there. But that will be an important goal that some companies will pursue with their products. Then there's the question of whether there may be, if you will, interchangeability policies that will exist at the level of payers, and who can potentially do whatever they want independent of the regulatory component. That, Tony, maybe you could comment on.
Sean E. Harper: Yeah. I think this antigen is going to likely prove to be fairly transformative in the disease. And the question becomes the modality that you go after it with. As I mentioned, we're less impressed with what we're seeing with the ADCs and the BiTE technology appears to be capable of generating early data, small numbers of patients, very dramatic results. Whether you gain anything from a cell-based therapy directly against this antigen? Nobody knows because there's no – not even a way to do an indirect comparison at this point, let alone any kind of direct comparison. So it'll be really interesting. I think, of course, initially, we'll be studying it as a monotherapy in patients who are late stage and have undergone many rounds of attempts to treat the disease. But one could easily imagine a therapy like this entering all lines of therapy and including attempts to cure the disease in the first-line settings. Dave, you may want to comment further as -
Sean E. Harper: Yeah. So with respect to EVENITY, we did a very comprehensive scouring of the clinical databases and then re-adjudicated all of the events that were originally identified plus any that have been identified subsequently. The good news is that it showed that our research platform is very robust, because when we redid this we saw pretty much the same thing we did the last time when we did it originally. The bad news is that it didn't really change the dataset for the potential safety signal. It is the opinion and this is just an opinion of the people involved both at Harvard and here at Amgen that the most likely explanation for the finding in the alendronate-controlled trial is chance. We think that's most likely. However, that's not going to be good enough to mean that you're not going to have a need to warn patients about a potential risk. And I'd say we think we're sort of back where we were before we did the exercise.
Sean E. Harper: Yeah, I guess what I would say – this is Sean – is that the thing I'd stress is that these appear to be rather independent neural pathways in the system. And so if it works, if PAC1 inhibition works, one would expect that it's not likely that it's going to be kind of redundant to CGRP. So you could imagine situations in which patients who are poor responders to CGRP inhibition might respond to PAC1 or that the two together might give better efficacy, assuming that was tolerable. But that will all have to be figured out in the clinic, and we're just at the first step of trying to understand whether, as monotherapy, we can see the efficacy of the PAC1 pathway in the first place.
