Jonathan M. Peacock: Thanks, Kevin. I'll start with a few comments in our performance in the quarter, then address balance sheet issues and our updated guidance for the year.  Overall, revenues grew 3% in the quarter. Excluding ESAs, product sales grew 13%, reflecting strong growth across the portfolio, particularly on Europe franchises. Bob will comment more on our product sales in a few minutes.  Operating expenses grew by 11% compared to the third quarter of 2010. More than half of the increase was driven by the Puerto Rico excise tax for which we benefit from an offsetting foreign tax credit further down. Foreign exchange movements on our international costs and the U.S. health care reform fee.  The balance of the increase in operating expenses, which was explained by research and developments in SG&A, research and development increased 11% year-on-year driven by our late-stage clinical program costs. But quarter-on-quarter, R&D costs declined by $45 million. SG&A increases were driven by investments in the expansion of our international operations and in the launch of XGEVA.  You'll see adjusted earnings per share have increased by 3% compared to 2010. There are 2 drivers of this increase relative to operating income. First is the tax rate of 10.9%, which benefited from the foreign tax credits associated with the Puerto Rico excise tax. Excluding the Puerto Rico foreign tax credit, the rate would have been 17.4%. And to a lesser degree, the lower rates in the quarter also benefited from the federal R&D credits, which was not yet extended in the third quarter of 2010.  The second factor impacting earnings per share is the average number of diluted shares, which were 913 million for the quarter, 5% lower than the third quarter of 2010. I'll talk more about our share repurchase activity on the next page.  Now to reiterate, and as Kevin highlighted earlier, we've reached an agreement in principle to settle allegations related to certain sales and marketing practices that have been a subject of previous disclosures. In connection with this agreement in principle, again, as Kevin mentioned, we've recognized the $780 million reserve, which reduces our GAAP EPS in the quarter by $0.77. And we anticipate finalizing the settlement over the next 3 to 4 months.  Turning to the next page, first of all, cash flow from operations, you may have noticed that there's a $300 million lower in the quarter compared to the same period last year. There are 2 reasons for this. The first was a full year payment in the quarter of the U.S. health care reform fee, and the second was an advance payment of $145 million that we chose to make on future sense of our royalties in exchange for an attractive discount from the licensor.  During the quarter, you'll also see on the page that we repurchased 45 million shares at an average price of $53.30 per share. This brought the cost of our total share repurchases in 2011 to $3.2 billion at an average price of $54.10.  Looking forward, Amgen's Board of Directors, again as Kevin mentioned earlier, has authorized an increase for the company's stock repurchase program to a total amount of $10 billion. We intend to use this to accelerate our share repurchase program, reflecting our confidence in the outlook and the long-term value of the company and the attractive interest rate environment.  The capital plan we communicated in April left us with a significant and increasing net cash position. We now believe we can maintain the flexibility that we need to grow our business, consistent with the plans we outlined in April, while also improving the returns to our shareholders by accelerating our stock repurchase plans. This means that we plan to return more than 60% of our net income to shareholders, on average, over the next few years. Within this, we maintain our plan to increase the dividend meaningfully over time, and we'll also maintain a solid investment grade rating.  Finally, turning to the next page, we've increased our guidance on revenues and adjusted EPS to $15.4 billion to $15.6 billion on revenues, and to fill our $5.15 to $5.30 a share on adjusted EPS.  Related to this, we've also lowered our guidance on the full year tax rate to 14% to 15% linked to the Puerto Rico tax credits.  Let me turn over to Bob to address the commercial side of the business.
Jonathan M. Peacock: Yes, I'll take that Eric. We -- this is simply an adjustment to the Medicaid rebate accruals that we've for prior years, and with the benefit of actual experience, we were able to make some adjustments on those reserves and release some of them during the quarter.
Jonathan M. Peacock: It was not a material amount, overall, in the quarter in terms of growth rate, it contributed less than a percentage point.
Jonathan M. Peacock: So on the first point, yes, we will, as I said, we will be over the next few years, increasing distribution to more than 60% of net income. Again just to reiterate what I said, as we look to the capital plan that we announced in April, we believe we can maintain the flexibility we need to grow the business in the way that we want to grow it. And we can improve the returns to shareholders by accelerating the distribution of capital through share repurchases. So yes, over the next few years, we are intending to increase the distribution to greater than 60% of net income. The policy we announced in April with regard to dividend has not changed. We will, and we plan to increase the dividend meaningfully over the next few years.
Jonathan M. Peacock: No, it's really an expression of the confidence in our future, as Kevin said. And the market conditions enabled us to create a more efficient balance sheet to capitalize on that.
Jonathan M. Peacock: Yes, I think first on the question of the tax rate in the quarter. There was some catch up in the estimate on the foreign tax credit that were applicable to the Puerto Rico taxes this quarter. So the catch up effect in the quarter for the year to date, foreign tax credit offset some of Puerto Rico taxes. So you shouldn't expect to see as low of a rate going forward. And I think we gave you guidance for the full year of 14% to 15%. So that's what you should look at for the year ahead. The reason it so low this quarter was that we were able to refine our estimates on the foreign tax credit that we could use against the Puerto Rico taxes. So hopefully that answers your question. And that we'll give you guidance, obviously, for 2012 when it comes to the end of the year.
Jonathan M. Peacock: And the foreign cash, well, I think we disclosed our foreign cash balances that at the end of the period, we generated substantial cash, both in the U.S. and x U.S. And we disclose the split between the 2. So I'm not sure I can give you more details on that, Geoff.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Okay, Mark. Just with respect to 785, yes, we are discussing Phase III designs with regulatory agencies. Clearly, as an anabolic agent, this is a very different kind of a clinical program from what one sees in anti-resorptive agents. So you're not going to want to give AMG 785 for a very, very protracted period and hence the end points of the study will have to be looked at somewhat earlier because you don't want to confuse the anabolic effect with anti-resorptive effects that might result from the use of traditional agents which would inevitably have to be used thereafter. You can't leave patients with osteoporosis untreated in this setting. So the studies will have a quite different design in that sense from the usual kind of anti-resorptive design. And we'll be prepared to share the study design with you in the very near future because as I say, we'll be beginning those studies very, very soon we expect. With respect to the financial impact, I think it's probably too early to really comment on that. But it'll be much more obvious, I think, as time goes on in that program.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Yes, Matt. First of all this trial, as you know, is being conducted under Special Protocol Assessment with the FDA. We have Phase II data from a single-arm study that, as you know, that provided very impressive complete response rates. The Phase III study is like the Phase II study in terms of its overall design. It paralleled essentially completely with the difference being, of course, the size of the study, and as well as the GM-CSF subcutaneous arm, in order to exclude the possibility that expression of GM-CSF is having that beneficial effect. I think it's understandable in that context why the agency would feel extremely comfortable with that kind of study. And again, when launching the Phase III study to try and duplicate the kinds of things that one saw in the Phase II, which were so promising, I think that with respect to the entry criteria, that's what makes the most sense.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Geoff, it's Roger. No, no, not really at all. It was kind of a different question that was being addressed by the ODAC panel. And a much more general question that the agency had about how to look at therapies for patients with so-called castrate-resistant prostate cancer, who had not yet sustained metastases. The benefit of providing XGEVA to such patients based on the 147 study, we believe is quite clear. You've had a chance to see those data, and we will have the opportunity, of course, to discuss those data further with the FDA. They're in the midst of their review process. But we think that the benefits are significant with respect to delaying metastases. And we believe the agency will view it that way as well. The survival we show I think is a separate one, and it will be addressed separately. We were not -- we did not design the study to look at survival and the patients who sustained metastases were immediately put on alternative therapies for skeletal-related events. And so there was no way, really, to assess survival. And the agency understood that in terms of the study design.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Sure, Michael. I can appreciate the reason for the question. A couple of things. First, as you saw in our results, our business in Europe continues to grow. So overall, we're pleased with the performance of the business internationally, and we continue to launch new products and benefit from those new product launches. So we're growing internationally. We recognized other significant macroeconomic pressure, and some of that pressure may be reflected in price changes, and we're continuing to watch that pretty carefully. I would observe that, thus far, through the first 9 months of the year, price impact has played out pretty much as we expected it would in Europe, so less than a handful of percentage points for us across the whole of our portfolio. But we're continuing to watch that Michael, as I'm sure you and your colleagues are, for other reasons.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Sure. Enbrel was up 1 percentage for the quarter. Year-to-date, we're up 6%, and we've maintained market leadership on both rheumatology and dermatology. As regards to the results for the third quarter, the biggest drag on the results, if you will, was the loss of share points in the derm sector. So as I said in my remarks, we lost about 6 percentage points of derm market share during the quarter, owing to the increased competitive intensity there. But we're encouraged by the franchise, overall, pleased with our leading market shares and room in derm, pleased with the impact that our psoriatic arthritis campaign is having for patients. And so we continue to feel very good about our leading position for Enbrel.
Roger M. Perlmutter: Well, I don't think that we know the answer to that. I don't think anyone knows the answer to that. I think that in the past, as you are aware, lowering of LDL cholesterol was believed to be adequate. But all surrogate markers for outcomes are now under review. And so with time, we'll find out whether or not that's useful. We are moving forward very actively with our PCSK9 antibody. AMG 145, we're very enthusiastic about the program. It's behaving extremely well, and we hope to be able to share Phase II data with you in not too long a time. And as we have those data available, we'll begin to embark on our Phase III program, which will certainly be informed by discussions with the FDA.
Robert A. Bradway: Chris, I understand the interest in the question. The feedback at this point is anecdotal, so rather than try to quantify for you the picture until we have data, let me just say that, again, it's anecdotal.
Robert A. Bradway: And let me answer the question about guidance in April of this year. With respect to R&D, we said that we would hold R&D in the 18% to 20% of sales range. In fact, that is exactly what we're doing. This year, in fact, we increased R&D spending by double digits to fund all the programs we have. And I would imagine that next year, we'll be close to the top end of that 18% to 20% range. And we remain very committed to heavy investment in R&D and also holding ourselves accountable for those results. With respect to the capital strategy shift that Jon just explained, I want to tell you that it's rooted in confidence in the business, our cash flow and value of the company and in the context of very, very favorable capital markets' interest rate environment. So this is a, I think, a strong move by us. We retain our strategic flexibility to move the business forward. We just think it makes a world of sense.
Robert A. Bradway: Ian, first on XGEVA, as I said in my remarks, we're really pleased with the progress and the momentum that we see there. So XGEVA is off to a very strong start, and we're encouraged all around. Prolia was soft in July and August, as I said. That's consistent with the market for osteoporosis generally, also consistent with what we see with new medicines and particularly in the primary care setting. So as we said earlier in the year, we expect the momentum of Prolia to continue to build. We're encouraged by the data that we've seen from September and here early in October as well. So the momentum continues to build, and it also continues to build in Part D. And so we're enthusiastic about the most recent data.
Robert A. Bradway: Maged, let me see if I can give it on tip of my head. In the U.S., what I would say is -- let's see, year-to-date -- I can give you a year-to-date number. That might be the easiest way to convey it to you. Less than a handful of percentage points behind the growth in the U.S. is attributable to price increases. And as I just said a minute ago, looking across the whole portfolio, we've have less than 5 percentage points decrement to pricing from Europe and the international business. We could -- I don't know if I could give to you on the call for the portfolio x ESAs.
Robert A. Bradway: Well, yes. I think that providers recognize the benefits of Aranesp and Neulasta in particular. I would note that during the quarter, some of the manufacturers of Filgrastim products struggled to supply the market with their products. So we've had some disruption in the competition as a result of that. But by and large, again, I think providers continue to recognize the benefits of Aranesp and Neulasta in particular.
Kevin W. Sharer: We -- I'm not going to point to any one thing. There isn't any one thing. I just see it across the broad front whether it's implementing our strategy, whether it's the individual products, whether it's our relations with the government. Just -- it's across the board and we think that this is the right time to make a very strong move on capital. And we also think that there is a possibility to have a more favorable capital allocation, in terms of the balance sheet. It's just every single one of those factors. And, Jon, you might want to make a comment by -- I just think it's across the board.
Kevin W. Sharer: Let me talk about EPOGEN for a minute. It's a shrinking product. It's not nearly what it was, say a few years ago. We can handle what happens to EPOGEN in this context. We think we're in a good place. We can see what the future looks like. I wouldn't worry about that factor in a strategic context.
Kevin W. Sharer: Geoff, it's Kevin. On the repatriation question, while we believe that it would be a positive step in the United States to find a way within policy to bring this money home, we don't expect that to happen any time soon, and none of the assumptions that we've made has underlined our capital allocation plans assume that, that would happen. Although if it did happen, I think it would be good for America.
Kevin W. Sharer: It's easy enough. We look at the trend lines in total worldwide revenues. And we make predictions and we'll stand behind those predictions.
