Bob Bradway: Okay. Well, thank you, Justin, and let me thank all of you for joining the call today. We're especially grateful in light of all of the volatility in the markets that you would carve out the time to be with us. So thank you. Through the first half of the year, our business is performing well, and we remain confident in our ability to deliver attractive long-term growth. We're achieving strong results the same way we always have, which is by providing innovative medicines to address challenging diseases. Starting with the in-market portfolio. Second quarter revenues grew 20% to $8.4 billion with numerous medicines delivering double-digit sales growth, including in general medicine, Repatha and EVENITY, in oncology, of course, BLINCYTO, an inflammation TEZSPIRE, and then turning to rare disease, which delivered more than $1 billion on the quarter. I would highlight that KRYSTEXXA, UPLIZNA and TAVNEOS, each delivered at least double-digit sales growth in the quarter, and TEPEZZA grew 8% year-over-year and 13% quarter-over-quarter. All of these first or best-in-class medicines are still early in their life cycles and have plenty of room to run through geographic expansion, new indications and/or new formulations. You'll hear more about these brands in a moment. Turning to research and development. We believe our pipeline looks very promising as well, not just in obesity, but across all of our therapeutic areas. We told you at the beginning of the year that we were anticipating more than a dozen significant pipeline milestones in 2024. We are, so far, so good. In the second quarter alone, we received accelerated approval for IMDELLTRA, a landmark new medicine for small cell lung cancer. And in fact, the physicians I've spoken to since approval are really excited about this drug as the first meaningful innovation in decades for these patients. We also received approval for BLINCYTO in the frontline treatment for B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia, based on significantly improved overall survival rates. The frontline approval meaningfully expands the potential impact of BLINCYTO for all patients with B-ALL. We announced impressive Phase III data for UPLIZNA in IgG4-related disease, which is a grievous illness for which there are no currently approved therapies of any kind. Building on our success with TEZSPIRE in treating severe asthma, we announced exciting data from our Phase II study in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease that earned this molecule breakthrough therapy designation. COPD is the world's third leading cause of death, and new treatment options are very much needed. We look forward to additional data readouts later this year across therapeutic areas, highlighted, of course, by top line data from the ongoing MariTide Phase II study. We're encouraged by the emerging data in this field, particularly in cardiovascular and renal disease areas of long-standing strategic focus for us. We are laser focused on preparing to launch a broad Phase III program for MariTide that includes obesity, obesity-related conditions and type 2 diabetes, and we're further ramping our investment to support MariTide in the rest of the pipeline. You'll hear more about that pipeline shortly on this call. All in all, this is a very exciting time for us at Amgen. And as always, I'm grateful to my Amgen colleagues all around the world for their enduring commitment to patients. And now let me turn things over to Murdo.
Bob Bradway: And Jay, I'd just add that when it comes to xaluritamig, I think you're question applies well there, too. So stay tuned. We'll talk more about xaluritamig's data emerge but we're optimistic about how we can apply the lessons of BLIN and IMDELLTRA to that as well.
Bob Bradway: Chris, as you can expect, we're focused now on completing the Phase II trial and moving as swiftly as appropriate into Phase III. So we'll have more to say that over the course of the coming year. You can appreciate it's a competitively intense field. So we're not giving dates at this point.
Bob Bradway: Can take this in two pieces again. Jay, why don't you address the first piece and then Murdo feel free to jump in.
Bob Bradway: In Japan, Gary, we expect that they'll be, again, an attractive market and this will be well received in that country, and we'll talk about that once we've launched there during the course of next year. With respect to leverage, I think I would just offer that we're on track. With respect to our synergy targets there, and we'll begin to get even more leverage as we're able to take full control of the supply chain for the rare disease products. And then I would just further observe, as we've said many times, that feel fortunate that there's a good overlap between some of our existing capabilities in sales and marketing and the needs of those rare disease products. So all in all, we remain really excited about what we're able to do for rare disease patients, the position we have and the likelihood of that just improving over time. So with that, let me thank all of you. I know we've gone a few minutes over the set time but thank you all for participating in the call, and we look forward to regrouping with you after the third quarter. Thanks.
Jay Bradner: Thank you, Yaron, for the question, and for following the program so closely. we're Very excited about UPLIZNA, the CD19 B-cell depleting monoclonal antibody is showing really remarkable activity, the results in IgG4-related disease is a bellwether and is quite dramatic with a hazard ratio of 0.13, a P value of what, five to the minus seven. This was a stunning result and the first positive Phase III for patients with IgG4-related diseases. As you nicely picked up in your question, one of the opportunities of UPLIZNA is to get patients off steroids, and this is, therefore, a predefined ambition of UPLIZNA in both IgG4-related disease setting in that study as well, as in the generalized myasthenia gravis setting. Now these results won't be available until the second half of this year. And so I have no further update on that timing. But do stay tuned. We're so hopeful that this once every six months CD19 B-cell depleting therapy can differentiate substantially from available treatments like steroids and other B-cell targeting therapies and make a big difference for these patients.
Jay Bradner: Thanks, Salveen. As I just mentioned to Yaron, we won't be providing further guidance on the timing of the results from the UPLIZNA study, the MINT study in myasthenia gravis of that you stay tuned. And as also, as shared knowing that patients with myasthenia gravis are repeatedly and over many, many months of treatment challenge by the requirement for persistent steroids, we built in a taper steroids on to this study. And these results to read out in the second half of this year will bring to light exactly how successful we are at liberating patients from steroids with every six months UPLIZNA.
Jay Bradner: Yes. Thanks. Pete, why don't I start on the overall development plan for MariTide and the value of the Phase II data that we'll have at the end of this year. Umer, as you know, this medicine coming out of Phase I showed a quite remarkable impact on obesity with a dramatic reduction in BMI, actually proved quite durable after just three doses, MariTide in that Phase I study, we saw persistent weight loss really out 150 days or more at some doses. The Phase II study is a much larger concern. This is a 592 patient study. It has 11 arms, it has monthly or as Murdo said, even less frequent dosing. As a part two that allows us to really follow up on this durability signal, and it will allow the precision selection of dose or doses that patients and their practitioners really desire. This also confirms to regulatory requirements entering into Phase III.
Jay Bradner: Yes. Thanks for the question, Jay. You picked up on something really interesting and that's leveraging the learnings of BLINCYTO. I mean this really is a platform capability that we enjoy with bispecific T-cell engagers. And already in the development of IMDELLTRA after its first approval, we are seeing significant readthrough of the BLINCYTO lessons, moving from later lines of therapy to earlier lines of therapy, to drive efficacy in the setting of reduced tumor burden. The utility of these medicines in combination, which is so much easier to access and assess than other complex modalities, say, like CAR-T and moving these medicines to the point of therapy where they can have the greatest impact, namely frontline, also pathways to reduce monitoring. Jay, we are leveraging all the learnings of BLINCYTO to drive and expedite the development of IMDELLTRA to be a component of frontline small cell lung cancer therapy, both with extensive stage and limited stage disease. And as Murdo shared, we do this work really quite inspired by the impact of the medicine, even so early in its launch, significant demand to learn and access and offer this medicine.
Jay Bradner: Yes. Thank you, Mohit. I can surely understand the interest. And indeed, we are making all these measurements and more. We won't dimensionalize what we mean when we say differentiated profile at this time. We're so focused on completing this ongoing and well-conducted MariTide Phase II study but do expect to learn and listen more when ultimately we're able to be in a position to share the outcomes of Part A of the Phase II study. We are taking a comprehensive assessment to optimize dose and schedule and impact of this medicine.
Jay Bradner: Gregory. Thank you. This is Jay, and thanks for following the early pipeline in its development. It's developing very nicely. As we've shared our strategy in the development of obesity medicines and medicines for obesity-related conditions. We're interested in really harvesting the insights of the incretin pathway but also moving beyond this pathway to other novel targets, some supported by genetic inferences but all of them supported by strong preclinical development packages. And so it is a multifactorial assessment that leads to the decision to resource the medicine in human clinical investigation. But it's a high degree of conviction that's required as the bars are ever rising within our portfolio for that resource as well as in the field. So more to follow on the mechanism and characteristics of this new medicine that we're intending to advance in the clinical investigation in the second half of this year.
Jay Bradner: Sure. No, thank you for your question. We -- as you apparently do as well, are following this class and class of medicines that provoke remarkable weight loss or the impact on healthy tissues, including but not limited to muscle, and the associated muscle loss that has been reported in the literature may relate mechanistically and may also relate to the quite dramatic cadence of weight loss of patients treated with these medicines. And in the fullness of time, we and others will have that answer. As you can imagine, we're making many of these measurements on our own study and don't have any report -- any data to report to you here today but we too are following this. And also the progress of some organizations that are seeking to administer medicine to support muscle loss with obesity medicines that is quite interesting to us given our legacy of muscle biology. But I would say these are early insights from the field. To my knowledge, they have not proven has yet to be debilitating to the patient but we like you follow with interest.
Jay Bradner: Thanks, James. We won't today provide any further insight into this medicine. It's just too early. And as Bob shared, this is nicely for patients, a very competitive space. But as I shared earlier, in our deeper pipeline in obesity, we remain interested in the increasing pathway. We remain interested injectable. We're also pursuing oral medicines. And so in the fullness of time, we'll have a chance to share more. We're really playing the long game to drive true differentiation benefits to the patient and to access segments of the market that are not well addressed even by the current medicines.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks, Evan, for the question. It's Murdo here. Overall, Enbrel continues to do well in the market despite a very competitive market in psoriatic arthritis and in rheumatoid arthritis. We also continue to have relatively stable volume despite all of the conversion that's going on in adalimumab with biosimilars. So we're quite pleased with prescribers adoption and continued value of Enbrel safety and tolerability, which is well established over a long period of time now in many, many years of experience. The process with CMS has concluded. We do have our price. I would just remind you that roughly 25% of Enbrel revenues come from Medicare Part D. So that will, in part, mitigate the impact of the CMS price reduction. And we continue to see that this is not a good mechanism to incentivize and reward innovation and it does not resemble one we've commonly described as a negotiation. So we've concluded that process. And we continue to look to help patients and support them with Enbrel in the market and we will watch the Part D redesign closely. We will look to see how PBMs redesign their formularies, and we will look to see how patients are impacted by the new model. While the cap may help, the out-of-pocket for many patients may actually rise. So we're watching it closely.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thanks, Jay. I think the data continue to emerge in the obesity and obesity-related conditions landscape, and show a clear benefit that reducing weight will indeed -- with GLP-1-based mechanisms will indeed improve outcomes in many disease settings. So that continues to expand the market and grow it. I do agree with Jay that there will be patients who may seek oral options but I continue to believe that we have a very good, differentiated product here and that monthly dosing or even less frequently will continue to help patients persist on their weight loss medication and achieve, hopefully, some of those hard endpoint risk reductions that we're seeing in clinical trial presentations. I would say that we would report that we have a really good convenient dosing here with a single-use pen that we're working on. And that weekly injectable products are probably more vulnerable to orals than a convenient monthly dosing.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thanks, Jay. I would agree with you that the differentiation that we've talked about for chronic weight management would hold in a robust way in type 2 diabetes. And while there are lots of products that can control hyperglycemia and provided HbA1c control, there is a significant benefit if you can improve adherence and persistence. And we do believe that our monthly dosing could do that.
Peter Griffith: Umer, it's Peter on CapEx, as we previously indicated, we have initiated activities to further expand MariTide manufacturing capacity. So of course, those efforts, I said we now expect CapEx of $1.3 billion in '24 versus the most recent guidance, which was $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion.
Peter Griffith: No. Thank you very much for the question, Carter. Nothing has changed in our evaluation of the case. Court dates set for November 4. We're confident in our position, right, where we've always been. We're confident in our reserves are at an appropriate level. And -- what I would say is, first of all, I don't see -- and Coke hasn't been as much a reference and I won't get into making comparisons. We refer once in a while to the Medtronic situation. But in general, what we've seen is that the tax court in the last several years has reinforced the value of manufacturing down in Puerto Rico. And so we look forward to stating our case. We're very confident where we're at. And that's all we've got to say at this time. No change. We're at where we were in terms of confidence, which is in the same place for the last 2.5 or 3 years now.
Peter Griffith: Terence, we don't -- as you know, we don't guide long-term margins but let me just comment on what you're seeing this year. I'm happy to speak to that. And I think it's important. We're -- at Amgen, we're committed to a capital allocation hierarchy, where we first invest in innovation and first internal innovation. And so with that in mind, Terence, we've consistently said that we would flex out margin, which remember, with us, as a percentage of product sales, not revenue, if there were opportunities to achieve strong after-tax cash returns on our investment in excess of our hurdle rate. And then we would communicate that ahead of time. So this year, we shared with you at the beginning of the year, we felt operating margin to be about 48%. We see an opportunity here during the year to make some investments in the research and development activities with an emphasis, I would say, on development. That's up 30% year-over-year in the quarter, non-GAAP R&D. We now see non-GAAP R&D spend up over 25% year-over-year for '24, which we think is great because you've heard about the deep mid- and late-stage pipeline we have, driving MariTide in that deep mid- and late-stage pipeline. We're always focused Terence, whether it's this year or next year on productivity and prioritization, always looking for opportunities to generate capital to allocate the innovation. We've got a new program called technology and workforce strategy that we're moving along at speed and scale. I spoke about opening a new talent and innovation center in Hyderabad, India. So we are doing everything we can to preserve that margin, reallocate capital innovation and be the disciplined spenders of capital that Amgen always has been.
