Robert A. Bradway: All right. Thank you, Kevin. And as you've seen from our first quarter, the company is in a very strong position. And as this is Kevin's last full quarter as CEO, I want to take a moment to thank and congratulate him on his success here at Amgen. We've grown significantly under Kevin's leadership, and I look forward to building on this as Amgen's next CEO.  Our transition is proceeding smoothly with the new team in place. And in that context, I'm delighted to welcome Sean Harper to this call as the Head of Research and Development. You'll hear from him after Jon and Tony have delivered their remarks on the quarter. The 4 of us and the other members of the senior leadership team are squarely focused on delivering growth, and we look forward to engaging with you as we progress on this path.  In terms of our results, the first quarter is an indication that 2012 is off to a strong start with record performance for both revenues and adjusted earnings per share. Product sales growth was driven by broad momentum in our portfolio. Our Neulasta, NEUPOGEN and Enbrel franchises showed solid gains in Q1. Prolia and XGEVA continued their strong growth, and our other growth phase products grew more than 20% year-over-year.  Declines in our ESA business, which is now a much smaller proportion of our overall sales compared to 5 years ago, were more than offset by revenue gains of newer products. With respect to our pipeline, we're making good progress. I'm sure many of you saw the data that were presented at the American College of Cardiology meeting last month for our PCSK9 inhibitor, AMG 145, as well as the results of our Phase II psoriasis study that were published recently in the New England Journal of Medicine for AMG 827, our IL-17 receptor antibody. We also announced, along with our partners at UCB, the Phase III enrollment has begun for AMG 785, an anabolic agent for the treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis. We're excited about the potential of these programs, and Sean will have more to say on them and other developments in R&D in a few minutes.  With respect to transaction activity, following on our earlier acquisition of Micromet, we have remained busy. Our multiproduct partnership with AstraZeneca leverages their strong experience in inflammation and enables us to focus decisively on other attractive opportunities in our pipeline. Our planned acquisition of KAI Pharmaceuticals will enable us to expand our expertise in therapies for chronic kidney disease and particularly patients suffering from secondary hyperparathyroidism.  Before I turn over to Jon to review our Q1 results, I'd like to conclude with 2 closing thoughts. First, I recognize that many of our staff are listening in, and I'd like to express my appreciation to them for their commitment to delivering for patients and for our shareholders. And second for the investment community, as I embark on my new role, I want to underscore my commitment to maintaining an open dialogue with all of you.  And with that, let me turn over to Jon to review the first quarter results.
Robert A. Bradway: Okay. Thank you, Sean. Now, Arvind, let's open it up for Q&A. And if you could just remind those who dial in of our customary procedures, we'll get started with Q&A.
Robert A. Bradway: With respect to my focus, Mark, clearly, it will be on growth and in particular on driving growth through innovation, whether that innovation is the product of our own research and development as in the case of PCSK9 or as in the case of sclerostin or whether that growth is from business development activity like that which we announced for Micromet or like that which we announced with KAI. So we'll be looking to drive the business by bringing forward innovative medicines that make a difference for patients that are seriously ill. And in addition, be looking to grow the business internationally. Now we'll be seeking to do that while earning an attractive return on our invested capital. We recognize the importance of being able to do that for our shareholders, and I think that will require us to continue our focus on productivity, and we look forward to doing that across the business. And Mark, more generally, obviously, I look forward with the new team to have an opportunity to engage with you and all of our shareholders at the appropriate time to talk about what we're going to do in order to achieve those objectives that we have for growth of the company.
Robert A. Bradway: Okay. There are a couple of questions there, Tony, but why don't you go ahead and try to take both of those questions.
Robert A. Bradway: Maybe one thing just quickly to add on Enbrel. I know you're familiar with it Matt, but perhaps some of those who follow us and don't know the company as well. Of course, we look forward to ongoing intellectual property protection for Enbrel. Enbrel is a franchise that we've enjoyed successfully for the past 14 years, and we're looking forward to a number of more years of Enbrel as the market leader in this category.
Robert A. Bradway: Yes. I think the big picture, Rachel, is that we're looking to optimize our portfolio. This is a multiproduct deals, so it's more than just a deal around 827, and Sean can talk to you about the specifics of your question behind 827. But generally, as we have opportunities to advance exciting biology like some of the molecules included in this partnership, we'll look for opportunities to do that decisively. And where we can reprioritize in our pipeline, we'll also look for places to do that. So Sean, feel free to comment about 827 or any of the other molecules in the partnership.
Robert A. Bradway: As we said in our prepared remarks, the partner that we chose obviously has expertise in inflammation, in particular in asthma and GI. And so the portfolio of products that we're seeking to develop are ones that we think our skills are complementary with each other.
Robert A. Bradway: Tony, maybe you'd like to add a couple of thoughts, particularly about the trends in the first quarter sales.
Robert A. Bradway: Yes, let me -- it's Bob. I'll take the first part of that and then ask Tony to share his thoughts. Sapna, we're pleased with the progress that we're making generally with denosumab and more broadly pleased with the progress we're making towards the guidelines that we gave you last April. But rather than jump into specific guidance questions, maybe Tony you can give Sapna some perspectives on what you see with XGEVA here still on the early days of the launch.
Robert A. Bradway: International expansion is an important opportunity for growth for us. We've outlined our objective to be in 75 countries by 2015. We're in some 54 to 56 countries now. We have found that there is demand in those countries, as well as in the ones that we're seeking to enter prospectively for our innovative biologic medicines, and we're looking for attractive ways to enter this market. You noticed or you saw what we did last year in Brazil with the acquisition of Bergamo. We're pleased with the results there, pleased with the progress that we've made in launching our own proprietary medicines following the acquisition of that entity. So that's the type of deal that we think makes sense. Not surprisingly, when we look at the emerging markets that we've yet to establish a big presence in, they include the BRICS, with the S being South Korea, and then we include Turkey and Mexico as 2 that we think are important for us to have a presence in before we get to 2015. So Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Korea, Turkey, Mexico are key markets for us. In addition, unusually for a company of our size and scale, we don't have our own direct operating presence in Japan. We've had some very successful partnerships there through time. We have 3 partnerships there today, and we have some innovative medicines that we have not yet committed to any of those partnerships. And we're looking for the sensible ways for us to enter that market. We ran the experiment of trying to build the business organically in the past. We think there are some better ways to do that through creative partnerships. And the one that we struck with Takeda is an example, but we'll be looking for ways to develop our business in Japan over time as well. So again, international expansion and the delivery of innovative medicines in those markets is an important part of what we're going to try to achieve here over the next several years.
Robert A. Bradway: And the other big picture thing to remember here, Marshall, is there are still tens of thousands of patients admitted to hospital every year in the U.S. with febrile neutropenia, and some 1 in 9 of those patients die in the hospital of complications, including the complication of febrile neutropenia. So this is -- continues to be an area of high-end unmet medical need. And in fact, the Center for Disease Control has made this a focus of their communication effort with patients and caregivers to help them understand the importance of trying to prevent infections for patients who are undergoing chemotherapy. So this is an important disease state and one that we're continuing to try to do everything we can to serve patients.
Robert A. Bradway: We're not going to talk about the specifics in the contract. What we've said and what I think is in the public filings of the 2 large dialysis operators is that the discounts are less than what was in place previously. But we're not going to get into the specific details of the contracts at this point.
Robert A. Bradway: Once again, thanks for your attention and your interest in Amgen. We're pleased with the results from the first quarter, and Arvind and his team will be here if there are any questions that you didn't get a chance to ask during the conference call. So again, thanks very much for your interest. Thank you, everybody.
Anthony C. Hooper: So we have anecdotal data to date about potential transfusion increase. Some of the related data showed about a 20% increase. We're waiting to see more finite and definitive studies to be able to discuss this further, but we haven't seen more at this stage.
Anthony C. Hooper: Okay. So Enbrel has been on the market now for about 14 years and we have seen continued sustained gentle growth in the number of patients getting access to these products. As we've seen, the new entries come in, so the education has increased. And we've seen some expansion in the actual number of patients. We've clearly have priced these products in line with the therapeutic value they bring to patients who are living much more extended and healthy lives. And I think if you look at the growth of our product, it's clearly around driving the new bio-naive patients. So physicians and patients themselves have seen the need to move to Enbrel first. And when you look at some of the DTC data that about 70% of the time that patients ask for drug, they get a drug. You can see why it's so important for us to have the right DTC campaign going to educate our patients properly. To your last question about the new competitors coming, given the efficacy and safety of currently available treatment options, long-term safety is going to be a key for any new agent coming to market. So until we see what the safety is like of this new agent, if I'd just remind you again that Enbrel has 14 years of a really good experience with safety as well as efficacy from a durable basis.
Anthony C. Hooper: I would say when you look at the first quarter sales, there are a couple of things that one should actually keep in mind. Number one, we exited 2011 with a pretty good trend rate, which was as a result of the good marketing plans and the DTC programs that were in place, so there's a clear extrapolation of the good trend line running. Number two, a continued digging down into deep customer insight which has allowed us to really understand where to move the needle in terms of prescribers. And third but not last was a better and clear understanding of the need to effectively move through the reverification of insurance very quickly late in the fourth quarter into the first quarter, which resulted in a much lower slowdown of seasonality of our business as we go forward. So I think it's a combination of strategic execution, customer insight and really understanding the access environment a bit better now.
Anthony C. Hooper: So let me talk to you about both these dmab products, and first of all, as I spend time with the oncology community, it's clear to me that the oncologists see XGEVA as a very important and differentiated product. And when I look at the actual growth, the growth is coming from both the growth of the SRE market of about 34% and XGEVA itself growing at about -- and owning about 47% of the market. So our growth of both the product and the market continues to deliver on our expectations. And all the feedback we've got from our physicians has been on track. As you know, we are in infancy in terms of our execution and launch in the international markets where we expect to see that happening later in 2012. Prolia continues to show dramatic growth in both the breadth of prescribers, as well as the depth of prescribers. And the new advertising campaign continues to deliver there. So as we continue, we're confident about the programs executing in the marketplace and confident about our ability to drive share and usage in the marketplace.
Anthony C. Hooper: So we've obviously established on the last 20 years a very strong business in this particular therapeutic area. So we will continue to maintain our business as best we can and continue to look for opportunities to drive the franchise in this particular area. As regards EVOLVE, I think any product that shows cardiovascular endpoint improvement would be a dramatic opportunity for anyone in the marketplace.
Anthony C. Hooper: So as I've said in my prepared remarks, the EPOGEN business is left out in transition and it's been difficult to predict. But we do believe that any dramatic further decline in the hemoglobin levels will result in increased transfusions. I think we'll continue to be impacted adversely by label and reimbursement changes and, of course, peginesatide launches today, so we should continue to see some volatility. But I would mention that we are cautious of new competition, but ready to compete in the marketplace as the new products come in. I think we have confident about the established track record of EPOGEN and believe its dosing frequency is well suited to the dialysis setting. In addition, EPOGEN has established a safety profile, developed over more than 20 years of experience and 1.8 million patients. I'd remind you again that we have long-term contracts, an exclusive one with DaVita for 7 years and a nonexclusive contract with FMC. And these 2 providers account for 70% of our EPOGEN business.
Anthony C. Hooper: So Sensipar itself continues to deliver value to patients, but the market share we hold was not totally saturated. So there's already existing potential to grow the market with the existing patient population. But I would believe that, that should we be able to show some type of cardiovascular outcome benefit, there would be an increased demand for the product demand in the marketplace, yes.
Anthony C. Hooper: So the last data I saw was the average chemo cycle in the U.S. runs to about 7 cycles. And then our data is showing that we're getting Neulasta use in about 4.3 of those. So there continues to be a fairly large potential growth opportunity as we go forward. As you look through usage versus non-usage, it's a bit like looking at compliance. There's no real demographic reason for usage, non-usage. It's spread across the entire population. We have physicians using, some are not using it in the first cycle, going onto second cycle, not taking all cycles. So we continue to focus down customer-by-customer trying to understand prescribing behavior, prescribing practice and then focus the education and message clearly around the behavior we're seeing in the marketplace to try and make sure that patients are given this product when they have threat of febrile neutropenia in the first cycle and all the cycles as much as possible.
Sean E. Harper: Yes, I think these are all very interesting assets. I think we found this to be a particularly attractive win-win sort of a relationship with AZ MedImmune to be able to get the ability to redirect some resources and do things that we were -- we found particularly compelling within our own innovation space. And this, obviously, worked very well for AZ, MedImmune as well. So I think this particular deal is kind of reflective of the way in which we're trying to optimize the overall return on investment for the money that we invest in R&D.
Sean E. Harper: I'd just add, recall that there really have not been any product classes which convincingly have that effect in this population. For example, statins have never been able to show this kind of effect almost uniquely. They don't show it in this population. So it's a very high bar. If one were to actually get over that bar, it would certainly drive some interest in further utilization population.
Sean E. Harper: It's a good question. It is not specifically designed as a futility analysis. And it was just written into the protocol, which is under SPA with FDA as an interim. It doesn't have a purpose specified to it actually in the protocol. I think that the view perhaps was that the data would be informative. Remember, this is an open label trial, and so it's possible in theory to look at the data on a kind of continuous basis. So in many cases, when that condition exists and you want to kind of control the amount of time that people are actually looking at the data, you actually set an interim analysis in place in order to have some kind of control over the study.
Sean E. Harper: Again, a good question. I suppose as these projects move through their life cycles, there are times where there's sort of no news as good news. I think right now they're kind of no news as good news. Those programs, AMG 386 in ovarian cancer, AMG 479 in pancreatic cancer are actually progressing either on or ahead of schedule. But we're in a stage right now where you're really enrolling patients, accruing endpoints. No data available yet. So that's why they didn't kind of call them out. But they're moving along very nicely. We continue to be optimistic about both programs.
Sean E. Harper: Yes, I think that there are plans to have additional data available at appropriate scientific meetings this year from those type of studies, and so I hope we'd be able to continue with that. So to my knowledge, we're planning essentially the same schedule of presentation and data from the studies that Micromet had planned before the acquisition.
