Bob Bradway: Okay. Thank you, Arvind, and hello, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. When we last spoke in February, we told you that we'd be focused on execution and that we have a number of opportunities in place that should enable us to deliver long-term attractive growth. In the first quarter of the year, we executed well on these many opportunities, delivering 6% revenue growth and 15% earnings per share growth. We achieved this performance despite the effects of COVID during the first two months of the year, currency headwinds, and of course, net selling price declines. The innovative brands that we highlighted in February continued to generate strong volume growth in the first quarter, including Repatha, which was up 49%; Prolia, up 10%; EVENITY, up 59%; and Otezla, up 7% as well as several of our oncology products, which also generated attractive volume growth in the quarter. Our two newest innovative medicines, LUMAKRAS and TEZSPIRE, are off to a strong start offering compelling new treatment options for patients suffering from non-small cell lung cancer and severe asthma, respectively. And we're also pursuing significant new indications for both of these products. Let me just say, with respect to the five high-quality biosimilars we have on the market, that they're performing well and in line with our expectations. As we've noted previously, growth for the portfolio of biosimilar products over time will come through the steady introduction of new products, including the U.S. launch of AMGEVITA, our biosimilar to HUMIRA in January of next year. AMGEVITA is the first of six new biosimilars that we expect to launch by the end of the decade. International growth is an important component of our long-term strategy, and we saw a strong volume growth outside the U.S. of 15% in the first quarter and nearly 30% volume growth in the Asia Pacific region. Turning to our pipeline. We're advancing, as you're aware, a number of mid- to late-stage potentially first-in-class opportunities in inflammation, oncology and general medicine while continuing to invest in our innovative marketed brands and biosimilars. Since our business review, we've had important data readouts for LUMAKRAS, Repatha and ABP 654, which is our Phase 3 biosimilar candidate to STELARA. We have several more data milestones that come through the remainder of the year. Looking to the longer term, we continue to thoughtfully invest in an integrated set of discovery research capabilities, including human data and generative biology, as we look to significantly expand the number of targets we can pursue, reduce cycle times, and increase the probability of our success. As to our commitment to innovation, we're committed to pursuing the best innovation available, whether it comes through our own efforts or is sourced externally, and our strong balance sheet and cash flows will enable us to continue to invest in innovation in both organically and through business development. Our work to serve patients comes at a time when society is confronting many challenges. We're doing our part to address these as we have throughout our history, with a focus in four areas: removing barriers that limit equitable access to health care, working toward a more adjusted society, minimizing our environmental impact, and ensuring that our actions and culture reflect Amgen values. If you're interested in learning more, our latest environmental, social and governance report was published earlier today and is available on our website. Before I turn to Peter, let me just thank my Amgen colleagues around the world for their commitment to serving patients and outstanding execution. Now Peter, over to you.
Bob Bradway: Okay. Thank you, Dave. RJ, could you remind our callers of the process for submitting a question, we're happy to answer questions now.
Bob Bradway: Why don't I take the last piece of that, and Dave, why don't you respond to the first? I'll start. I think Murdo wanted to comment as well. Good. Jump in. Thanks, Jay. I think you raised an incredibly important question. As you're all aware, cardiovascular disease is one of our three principal areas of therapeutic areas for research. It remains an area of focus for us going forward. It remains the number one public health burden in terms of morbidity and mortality across the globe. And that, in part, is what spurs our commitment here with Repatha. Murdo will comment in a minute, but we believe there is tremendous opportunity to serve patients on a hypothesis that's probably the best proved in medicine in terms of LDL cholesterol. You mentioned the LPa program, Olpasiran, or AMG 890. Just to remind everyone, LPa is probably the single most important driver outside of LDL cholesterol in terms of the pathogenesis of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. As I noted, we're looking forward to over the next couple of months, Phase 2b data in those programs. And our goal would be to transition Phase 3 as quickly as possible if those data replicate what we saw in Phase 1. In addition, we have a very active preclinical research portfolio, I think, indicating our ongoing strategic commitment to this area. Murdo, maybe I'll turn it to you next and then Bob can talk about the business development.
Bob Bradway: Yes. And there, it's very simple, Jay. We've challenged our business development and research teams to find attractive innovation externally that we can add to our portfolio. So we're looking for things that we can add value to every day in cardiovascular disease as well as in inflammatory diseases and in cancer.
Bob Bradway: RJ, I know we've got several colors still hoping to ask questions. And I just want to give the callers heads up that we'll probably go a few minutes over the top of the hour. So, why don't we take the next question, and we'll do our best to get to everybody? And if we're unable to do that, then we'll, obviously, Arvind and his team will be available later.
Bob Bradway: Let's take one last question, RJ and after the Rob, just going to make a couple of concluding comments.
Bob Bradway: Let me just thank all of you for dialing in. We appreciate your support and your interest in the Company. As we've tried to convey through this call, we feel we're executing well here into the 2022 calendar year. And we look forward to being back together with you after the second quarter to report on our progress through the midyear. Thank you. Sorry, we went a few minutes over. Thanks.
David Reese: If we replicate what we've observed so far with LUMAKRAS, I think, Mike, we would be quite confident in the likelihood that the Phase 3 trial against docetaxel, which, of course, has been around for decades, will be positive. We would, of course, discuss with the FDA and other regulatory bodies, how to file these data and move forward with full approvals in terms of effects on the competitive landscape. I'll leave that to others to comment on. But we're very confident in LUMAKRAS at this point. We're approved in roughly 40 countries around the world. The program is moving forward very briskly, and that's our focus right now.
David Reese: And Salveen, thanks for the question. In terms of data availability, as we noted, we've submitted the data for one of the summer oncology conferences. We are looking at both combination and sequential approaches with PD-1 inhibitors. I'd also point out that one of the things we're beginning to examine is the whole population of patients with non-small cell lung cancer. You can divide them roughly into 1/3 are PD-L1 negative tumors, third have load intermediate PD-L1 expression; and third, have high PD-L1 expression. In the PD-L1 negative population, for instance, the effect of checkpoint inhibitors is quite modest, and that's an area where we are looking at combinations of LUMAKRAS with straight chemotherapy. So, one thing to keep in mind, as this field evolves is that depending on PD-L1 expression, the approach clinically may vary as well. And we are crafting our development program accordingly.
David Reese: Yes, Carter. And in terms of WAYFINDER, this trial, we believe, will address some of the methodologic limitations. We believe we saw in the SOURCE trial. The sample size is much larger. It's a single-arm trial, sample size over 300 patients. Patients can be on a higher dose of steroids. There can be a more rapid corticosteroid taper. And we're looking at the effects earlier at earlier time points. All of these, I think, give us confidence that we will see effectiveness of TEZSPIRE in the setting of lowering oral corticosteroid use. In addition, we presented recently at the Quad AI meeting updated data from NAVIGATOR and other trials showing a very profound reduction in exacerbations in patients on oral corticosteroids. Again, I think this is going to be a really important drug for the treatment of asthma across a range of phenotypes, and we're quite confident in the development program going forward.
David Reese: Yes. Thanks, Cory. Most of those patients will be second line and beyond. Maybe there is a limited experience in first-line, and we are looking across a range of doses with both combination and sequential therapy. So you can expect to see all of that when the data are presented.
David Reese: Yes, with regards to the ELCC data, these were uncontrolled data from an investigator in France, patients receiving monotherapy potentially after checkpoint inhibitors. I can tell you that the rates of hepatic toxicity were higher than we have observed in our clinical trials program and through our ongoing pharmacovigilance effort. So I'm not sure why that was the case, but it was a heterogeneous unselected group of patients. It's hard for us to comment any further on those data.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks, Dave. Underpinning, obviously, the huge unmet medical need of cardiovascular disease is our ability to reach that global population of patients, and we've built the medical and commercial capabilities and global footprint to support that business. We reported 49% volume growth on Repatha, 15% sales growth year-on-year. So we clearly have momentum now, and we continue to feel that there's more for us to do for these patients. We're also very clear that we are focused on improving the affordability of our medicines for these patients. And I think that that's another area we've made great progress. So adding to that portfolio with our own internal pipeline is a welcome thing. And I think Dave's team is working very hard, not only on the pipeline assets, but also to improve the profile of Repatha with the VESALIUS trial, which is ongoing. And of course, the recently announced long-term follow-up trials that were continued, so the profile of Amgen in cardiovascular disease is strong. And I'll turn it over to Bob on the business development.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks, Matthew, for the question. No, I don't really have a lot of new information to update you on. We continue to feel like we're extremely well positioned for the opportunity to be among the first, if not the first, and potentially only biosimilar for a period of time in the market in 2023 as of January 31. We like our profile competitively given that we -- as you'll recall, we use the existing inflammation commercial organization that currently commercialize Enbrel and Otezla that have relationships intact with rheumatologists and dermatologists. We actually have a GI footprint as well supporting us solo. So, we feel that we've got the customer relationships. We definitely have the payer relationships. We have obviously 40 years of biologics manufacturing and supplying every patient every time to provide the confidence for pharmacy benefit managers to make the decision to make our product available as early as possible. So we're excited about the opportunity. And then, of course, after the launch of AMGEVITA in the U.S., we have several other launches, STELARA EYLEA, Soliris and then additional launches thereafter. So, six new biosimilars coming into the market, so this is an area where we're very focused. We've invested in this area. It's important to us for our long-term growth, and we have the capabilities in the market to ensure success.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks Peter. You're on. I would say in the U.S., what we're seeing with LUMAKRAS is when that KRAS G12C status is known at the point of progression from first-line treatment to second line. We're getting over 80% of those patients to be treated by LUMAKRAS. So we're penetrating the population when the identification of the KRAS G12C status is there. So that's clearly the lever that we need to ensure improved. And as I answered Salveen's question earlier, this is really an account-by-account book of work. And we're doing it with urgency because we really can't have patients progressing from first line to second line and not have the choice of LUMAKRAS. So this is really important work that we're doing for patients. When we look at the epidemiology of disease in the U.S. versus ex-U.S., I would say that the overall incidence of non-small cell lung cancer is similar between the U.S. and Europe in terms of size. Now one thing just to think about as you go into Asia, as the incidence of KRAS G12C mutational status is a bit lower. If you take Japan as an example, it's about 4% of patients who have non-small cell lung cancer that also have a KRAS G12C mutation compared to 13% in the U.S. So, the mutational epidemiology does change a little when you go outside of U.S. and Europe. So, we would expect the business to be slightly bigger in the U.S. than it will be in Europe and rest of the world.
Murdo Gordon: Yes, perhaps on the first question regarding patient numbers and duration of therapy. I think it's a little bit premature to be able to draw conclusions from numbers on drug versus numbers treated to get to DOT or duration of therapy. What you need to understand, I guess, in the 2,500 patients is we've got a combination of patients who were very late-stage disease, third line and beyond potentially who were challenged with the product and didn't do very well. Whereas the steady state will be more second-line patients having experienced maybe one prior line of therapy who could do quite well as indicated by the long-term follow-up data that we just put out at AACR, where you see about 1/3 of patients being alive at the two-year follow-up mark. So I think it's too early to infer from existing in-market patient numbers to understand what the effective duration of therapy will be. And in fact, I often say this is you really actually need 24 months in market to understand what your look-back period is to understand what your duration of therapy is. So it's going to be quite some time before we know what our real-world duration of therapy will be.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks, Carter, on the question regarding TEZSPIRE. We're really excited about the market response to TEZSPIRE by having such a novel, unique product where the profile really simplifies the treatment of severe uncontrolled asthma, particularly for pulmonologists who have so much else to do, that they're looking for a simple solution that can treat their patients without being limited by phenotypic or biomarker status. So overall, we think it's going really well. It's clearly a benefit to have a permanent J-code in the market, which, as I mentioned, will be coming July 1. That gives confidence to providers and to their billing staff that they can code the product appropriately and have a high degree of assurance on reimbursement. I think they know the reimbursement is happening now, but it's also tied to reimbursement for some of these practices. Some of them run pretty tight cash flows. And knowing that the permanent J-code should expedite the time to reimbursement will actually help. So yes, I'd say it's going to be helpful. But I would say the in-market response currently is really good. And we're clearly providing product to patients who are going through that reimbursement step in that process so that they can get on therapy and have access to the medicine. But yes, we'd be looking for additional sales force -- sales growth in the back half of the year.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks, Robin. We are pleased with the evolution of Repatha. The growth is actually fairly consistent across the broad cardiology community. So it's not just your podologist, a variety of cardiologists. We're seeing general community cardiologists. We also have a large effort focused on integrated delivery networks and hospital systems where we have been successful in establishing a more standardized way of treating the some 25 million high-risk ASCVD patients in the U.S. that end up in an acute care facility for their MI or other events that they've been admitted for. And unfortunately, many of them don't even get a lipid panel, and many of them get discharged without appropriate recommendations or initiation of treatment. So we've stepped that up quite a bit, and we're seeing improvements quality of care. And those patients are being discharged then to the community cardiologists and/or primary care physicians with clearer intent on more aggressive lipid-lowering therapy or cardiovascular risk reduction. So that's definitely helping. For future growth, we're obviously going to continue that effort, and we're going to continue to expand that IDN work that we're going to do in the U.S., but we're also going to invest incrementally in primary care, given that we're seeing some spontaneous prescribing with primary care. So we're very pleased with the growth of Repatha. Ex-U.S., the other thing I would mention is we got the Jan 1 listing for Repatha in the China National Reimbursement Drug List, which has been a good launch for us there. And our team in China is doing a nice job of ensuring that Repatha is an option for high-risk ASCVD patients in that country. So really, I think we've got a large amount of headroom for growth on this product. there's a large patient population, and we've got good momentum now in cardiology, and we need to continue to build that into primary care and around the world. With respect to inclisiran, obviously, they're a competitor in the market. But given that they don't yet have event reduction data, even with reimbursement coding, I think they're still limited in what they can promote. But again, there's tons of patients out there that need more aggressive lipid-lowering therapy and more aggressive cardiovascular risk reduction, and we see that the market can bear a lot of people talking about this severe disease, the number one killer in the world for everybody that's concerned about patients and what we can do about it. So overall, we're still very bullish.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks, Mohit. Unfortunately, because severe asthma, especially uncontrolled severe asthma is such an acute condition, many of these patients are under frequent care of a pulmonologists that are an allergist. And so they're seeing their physician on a very regular basis. And I think given our very convenient once month dosing, it's seen as a fairly easy product to administer. And of course, it's early days in the launch, but the feedback has been that the physician administration is not a barrier to initiation of TEZSPIRE. And allergists, in particular, are used to physician-administered products. What I think the benefit side of this is really playing out is that they have much less work to do on the biomarker side or the phenotypic assessment side. And so we've simplified their workflow in that regard. I do think over the long haul, we'll continue to evaluate what we need to do to ensure that there's convenience and maintenance for patients. And obviously, we're looking at other indications and other life cycle opportunities for test buyer. So we'll continue to assess whether or not we want to provide a self-administered option. I mean, clearly, the product could be developed that way, and we continue to look at that.
Murdo Gordon: Yes, it's a pretty detailed hypothetical. What I would say is, first off, we remain confident that the 960-milligram dose is the right dose. And clearly, the safety and efficacy benefit of that product looks very good. And given the long-term follow-up data, clearly, it's a high bar for us to be able to see if it can be approved upon at a lower dose. So that's the one question that remains to be answered. The way, I guess, I can't directly answer your question because there's so many different complicated variables to it. But what I would say is, we continue to look at the best way to provide the right treatment for continuing patients. So if you're a second-line non-small cell lung cancer patient, you've been prescribed LUMAKRAS at 960. You're taking it, you've responded and you're stable. I'm not sure any oncologist is going to want to lower your dose, if you're a continuing patient. Now we've seen that in other disease areas where there might have been a dose change either to go up or to go down, where patients who are on a stable dose usually stay on that. So that would be my one bit of additional commentary to your question. But we'll wait and we'll see the data and we'll handle it according to what the data say and what the FDA guys us to do.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks for the question, Evan. No, we're really pleased with the response from payers and PBMs to ensuring that the expanded label now regardless of severity of psoriasis the patients can have strong access and good affordability for the product. In fact, we've actually improved access this year versus last year. So, we've been able to produce some of the prior authorization criteria, things like percentage of body surface area. There are there are some medical policies of prior authorizations where that's described as a percentage. We've had many of those removed. So we've actually opened up access for those patients. And I think that year to prescribe Otezla for that milder patient. I was at the American Academy of Dermatology meeting in March and spoke to many dermatologists and asked them what their prescribing experience was like and what the reimbursement experience was. And I think many of them played back to us that Otezla was easier than it had been in the past to prescribe for that milder patient. The other thing we did was we enhanced our co-pay systems and our own bridging programs to ensure that, that launch would go well. So far, so good, off to a good start, but I don't anticipate access being an impediment.
Peter Griffith: Yes. Goeff, thank you for the question. Look, we wouldn't -- we're in litigation, so we wouldn't comment on discussions with the IRS first. And then secondly, on reserves, as you can understand, we don't comment on where we're at in terms of the size of the reserves other than we would just simply say that we're very confident in our position and the level of reserves that we've established. And as we said, this is about Puerto Rico and the allocation of profits between the United States and the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico, where we perform a majority of our global manufacturing. Puerto Rico is home to our flagship manufacturing complex, 30-year presence, 2,400 -- 2,400 highly skilled employees, over $4 billion in capital investments. And as we said, we believe that the IRS positions are without merit. We're going to vigorously contest those adjustments proposed for 2010 through 2015.
Peter Griffith: Yes. Let me jump in first here. I don't think Murdo wants to take the tax part of that. So look, we're only moving it up by 50 basis points. Yaron. It's not related at all to the tax litigation. And just maybe that highlights the point that I should make in response to Goeff's good question a little bit earlier, which is why more commentary now. I think this is exactly why, because this is a complicated area for all of you, for the analysts. And we want to make sure you understand our position. We think that it's been a struggle to understand for folks, this just prior conference calls. So we just want to be more specific on it. But in the case of that question itself, it's not related at all. And again, Yaron, thanks for the question. We're confident in our position in the level of reserves where we're at. But we're wanting to provide some more background for you on it. So hopefully, that's helpful. And now I'll turn it over to Murdo to get back to business.
Peter Griffith: Peter here. So, on the tax side, thank you. In terms of next steps and time line, we will be filing a petition with the U.S. Tax Court within 90 days. And as I mentioned, we will vigorously contest 2013 through 2015 notice through the judicial process. We plan to see consolidation of the 2013-2015 period with the ongoing 2010 to 2012 tax court case. And as I said, it will take several years for this to resolve itself. So that's the current time frame as we see it.
Peter Griffith: Colin, thank you. Look, on the case, we're very confident in the position we've had and our structure and how we've allocated profits between Puerto Rico and the United States. So we're very confident in those reserves. If you did think about going forward, I did suggest in the press release articulated that the IRS is currently auditing 2016 through '18. If they did propose any transfer pricing adjustment, which is in the audit, the magnitude of those adjustments will be lessened by the change in tax rate from the 2017 Tax Act, which reduced the differences between the tax rates applicable in the United States and Puerto Rico by approximately 2/3 beginning in 2018. But once again, we're very confident how we're structured and we're very confident in the level of our reserves. And so we don't anticipate any changes going forward.
