Bob Bradway: Thanks, Arvind. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us today to discuss our strong third quarter results. As Arvind indicated, David Meline and I will offer some brief commentary in context of the quarter and then we will take some questions together with Tony and Sean. Again, just to reiterate, since we are meeting tomorrow morning for a comprehensive business review, we’ll really try to keep the focus for this call on our quarterly results. Our third results just announced reflect strong sales performance across the portfolio, which when combined with our ongoing expense discipline generated 22% growth in operating income and 19% growth in earnings per share. Given the strategic emphasis we placed on growing our international presence, we were particularly pleased with the 14% growth in international sales during the quarter. Consistent with the strong underlying prescription trends that we’ve seen through the first three quarters of the year, our product sales performance for the third quarter was up 4% year-over-year. And to recall, however, last year we recognized $155 million government order for NEUPOGEN that was reflected in our Q3 2013 results. Sales grew 8% year-over-year, excluding that one-time order from last year. Overall then, the Q3 performance was strong across the board and on a year-to-date basis revenues have increased 8%, with operating income increasing 24%, reflecting our improving margin structure. In a moment, David, will review the drivers of our key products and the financials in more detail, but as you know R&D is the engine that will drive future growth at Amgen and we continue to make good progress in advancing our registrational program, so I’ll say a few words about those. We reported positive Phase 3 results from three innovative programs in the quarter, the second positive study for AMG 416, which is our intravenous calcimimetic, which performed well in the study versus placebo, Kyprolis Aspire study, which generated exceptional progression free survival data in the relapsed multiple myeloma setting, as well as evolocumab data in Japan, which is also an important opportunity for us. We submitted marketing authorizations for four programs in the quarter, with ivabradine in the U.S., evolocumab, blinatumomab and TVEC in the U.S. and EU, with both ivabradine and blinatumomab currently under priority review by the FDA. We also announced the first positive Phase 3 results for one of our biosimilar programs that being ABP 501 in psoriasis as we prepare to became launching our biosimilar portfolio beginning in 2017. We’ll talk about strategy tomorrow and we look forward to providing more granularity on our progressing pipeline, our commercial plans for launching new products, our capital allocation plans, our business transformation initiative and progress, as well as an update on our biosimilar and manufacturing activities. Now, let me turn to David, who will walk you through the financials and then we’ll open it up for questions.
Bob Bradway: Eric, as you know, we’re gearing up for some potential launches next year, including launches that could take place early in the year. So that will be reflected as well when we get into the fourth quarter OpEx.
Bob Bradway: Thanks for the question, Matt. It’s Bob. That’s and important question for us to address tomorrow and we look forward to addressing head on. As you point out, we benefited from an improve profitability at Enbrel but also from ongoing expenses supporting across the rest the business. I have a lot more say about that when we get together tomorrow.
Bob Bradway: Okay. I think you have two separate questions. I will ask David obviously to address the second, Tony if you want to tackle first.
Bob Bradway: So I am not quite sure of the detail of your question but obviously we have seen Neulasta to continue the trend it had for last couple of quarters. We see little-to-no impact from the recently launched short-acting Granix. As you know, we do have a long-acting competitor in Europe and we’ve seen a slow impact from them over the last year or so.
Bob Bradway: Okay. So let me then respond to your questions. As regard price, obviously we don’t give any forward guidance on price. We did take a 4.9% price increase on EPOGEN in May this year and based on the contracts we have some of that flow through. As regards competition, as you know, MIRCERA have the right to enter the market effective July, 2014 and we do lose patent in May of 2015.
Bob Bradway: I noticed a lot of discussion of that recently in the investment community. And again, it’s something that we’ll talk about tomorrow. But I think, as you are aware, we and Sandoz are litigating one intellectual property issue now that relates to your question. And so we’ll have an answer from the courts at some point on important piece of the question that you’re asking. And generally, we expect that we will face competition for NEUPOGEN through time on the biosimilar pathway in the U.S. We also expect that we’ll start to see some challenges for the long-acting Neulasta product as well in the U.S. probably at some point in 2016.
Bob Bradway: So let me try and respond. Obviously, there never been a historical situation in the U.S. that we can actually model anything on. The competition we have at the moment against NEUPOGEN is of course not a biosimilar competition. We have, however, in Europe looked over the last five, seven years, a large amount of biosimlar competition. And we have modeled Europe and it worked successfully to defend our business in Europe over the last five, seven years. So we’ve done a combination of modeling Europe as a totality. We’re taking countries inside Europe that as best as possible would potentially emulate practices of all behaviors in the U.S. And we use those models to create our long-range plans. Obviously, these are our best assumptions at present and only time will tell in terms of where the market will actually go.
Bob Bradway: Let me spend a few minutes to say now the 'the growth' was about $16 million, $10 million of that is U.S. and $6 million in outside the U.S. As you know outside the U.S. we are getting some free approval sales in Europe and in Turkey. And we have the product approved in both Israel and Argentina. So $10 million growth in U.S. and $6 million outside the U.S. The $10 million in U.S. is about 13% growth, now that’s say predominantly growing in third line and fourth line plus.
Bob Bradway: Thanks for that, Tony. I also want to thank all of you for your participation in our call this afternoon and look forward to seeing you tomorrow morning.
David Meline: Okay. Thanks, Bob. I want to take a moment first briefly discuss the key drivers of product sales performance during the quarter. Enbrel units grew 3% year-over-year and 5% quarter-over-quarter, reflecting strong underline demand, as this reflected in the prescription data. I would also like to point out that Enbrel continues to see strong segment growth in both rheumatology and dermatology at 21% and 24%, respectively. Recall last quarter that we called out $60 million of Enbrel inventory build in Q2 that we expected to burn-off in Q3, masking the strength in demand. Prolia's sales increased 43% in the quarter due to strong unit demand. As you’re aware, we normally see some seasonality in Prolia in Q3 and we saw the expected sales ramp up as we exited the quarter. We continue to capture share in the growing market with XGEVA and despite generic competition over the past year, XGEVA sales increased 22%. Our newest products Kyprolis realized sequential sales growth of 21% to $94 million, much of which was driven by strong unit demand. We remained confident that Kyprolis will become the proteasome inhibitor of choice and you’ll have the opportunity to hear from Pablo Cagnoni, who leads our Onyx business tomorrow. Finally, I would also like to highlight Vectibix, which grew 29% year-over-year on the strength of our new first line label in the U.S., as well as growth in the EU. Let me now make a few brief comments on our operating performances. Our operating expenses declined 5% due to Enbrel’s improved profitability from the expired profit share agreement, as well as due to efforts to manage cost. This led to a 47% operating margin, a 7 point increase compared to the third quarter of 2013. Based on our progress through the first nine months of the year and our confidence in the underlines trends of the business, we’re again raising our 2014 revenue guidance to $19.8 billion to $20 billion, and our 2014 adjusted EPS guidance to $8.45 to $8.55 per share. I would also like to provide a brief update on our transformation actions. At the time of our announcement in July, we estimated a headcount reduction of 12% to 15% of our global workforce or 2,400 and 2,900 staff. We have now completed and largely implemented the adjustment with the confirmed total in excess of 2,900 reductions. On the U.S. GAAP basis, restructuring charges totaled $376 million in the third quarter. We now expect the total cost of this action to be $835 million to $885 million through 2015, including an estimated $150 million charge in Q4 of 2014. We are also updating our guidance for the 2014 tax rate today. Based on uncertainty concerning the timing for the extension of the R&D tax credit within the 2014 calendar year, we’ve chosen to remove the benefit from our projected 2014 adjusted tax rate, resulting in guidance of 16% to 17% for this year versus our previous guidance of 15% to 16%. We also saw in the quarter $1 billion increase in free cash flow to $2.6 billion reflecting the benefit of higher product sales and ongoing improvements in working capital. Our cash balance increased $1.6 billion over the previous year, now totaling $28.1 billion. Our debt balance of $33 billion is $5.8 billion higher versus Q3 of 2013 due to debt related to the Onyx acquisition. That completes our review of the quarter. I will now turn the call back to Arvind for Q&A.
David Meline: Yeah, Eric. So generally what we see in the fourth quarter is a pickup of the expenses. It’s a seasonal trend that occurs until each year. And so what we’re expecting is a similar pickup here in Q4. So I think nothing unusual but there's certainly some additional cost in Q4.
David Meline: Yeah. In terms of tax rates, so as I mentioned I think you understood why we took the rate up here in the quarter. And what’s going to happen now is we’ll look out and I think best address tomorrow I’ve got a piece where I’ll talk about how to think about taxes going forward and what are the key drivers of that. So, if you don’t mind I m going to take it up with you in the morning.
David Meline: For Neulasta, there was a slight decline in inventory inside -- in the quarter. As you know, the Neulasta is clearly a line to a number of monosuppressant chemo regimen that takes place in the quarter. We have not seen a dramatic increase or decrease of those regimens that takes place, Howard, at the moment. So I don’t think there is much inventory flow, maybe $20 million to $30 million that will flow into next quarter, but the usage has not been impacted by Granix and we continue to get long-acting usage in all the accounts we haven’t mount.
David Meline: Yes. On currency, first of all, as you would know, we have a fairly limited exposure right now as a company to currency movements given the profile of the business. Secondly, the company has a rolling hedge program so we have quite an extensive portfolio against any of the traded currencies where there is a forward market. I mean, as a consequence, you don’t see any impact this quarter in our results due to foreign exchange movements, because they are offset by the hedge portfolio. And then if you look into next quarter, it’s around $0.02 of a share negative, which is incorporated in the updated guidance.
Tony Hooper: Matt, the two questions, first one, you are correct, we actually entered the quarter accounting about $60 million. Inventory is fairly normal during the week but months and quarters tend to land in different places in that week which of course is shifting up and down. In addition to the $60 million we carried into the quarter that we had a burn-off, we actually closed the quarter at unusually low level of inventory with about $40 million reduced inventories. So that $100 million will directly flow into the fourth quarter. I think the price number that you’d seen for the third quarter, there is a lot of ins and outs on those calculations. And I don’t think you can take this as a true reflection as the net impacted price that we’re applying in the market place. Marvin, let’s take the next question please.
Tony Hooper: Mark, price on NEUPOGEN year-on-year is negligible that why it got actually listed and as regard to market share from a total Filgrastim portfolio, we still hold just over 98% of the market.
Tony Hooper: I’ll have to get to that number, but the actual market share hasn’t changed dramatically versus the third -- the second quarter.
Tony Hooper: This is Tony. As you know the data is quite sparse, so what we do is we do about a thousand chart orders and then we do an extrapolation each quarter to determine the market shares. As I look at quarter three, we sold a distinctive increase in our market share in third line. We also saw an increase in our market share in fourth line plus. We have not seen a dramatic change in any second line uses of this particular stage. We will be presenting the data in ASH. The publication would be -- these ASH data will be public on about 6th of November and at that stage we’ll see what happens. But we haven’t seen any dramatic change in the marketplace to date now.
Tony Hooper: I think as well, Josh, what I would add is if you look at a big picture, we have said that reliably, safety supplying biosimilars is not something that can be taken for granted. And if you look at the experience in Europe, you see several suppliers have struggled to fulfill the different tenders that they’ve won through time. So the barriers to entry are the challenges of safely supplying the marketplace with biosimilars has proven the challenge and that’s reflected in how we see marketplace competition evolving. I suspect that as we get into more biologics, patent and more complex modules, we will continue to see that being an issue. But generally now with the benefit of more than handful competitors, over more than a handful of years, and a number of markets in Europe the competition has been fairly predictable both from a pricing and share standpoint.
Tony Hooper: Okay. So we deal only with price decreases outside the United States, right. So there are continuous challenges around pricing in Europe and in Japan even though we don’t have any visibility yet, but the price increases are predominately in the U.S. and not outside the U.S.
