Robert A. Bradway: Okay. Thank you, Sean. Let's turn it over now to questions. And, Arvind, why don't you remind our callers of the procedure.
Robert A. Bradway: Mark, I don't know that I'd make any comments about hostile acquisitions but, as you've heard us say before, evaluations in some areas are more attractive this year than they were last and we have a strong balance sheet and we continue to look carefully both internally and externally for the most attractive programs that we can advance. But we look at all range of transactions, licensing, as well as M&A, and we consider them each individually. So I wouldn't speculate, Mark, about anything more than that at this point.
Robert A. Bradway: We'll take this in two parts. Sean will take your first question and then Tony can address your EPO question.
Anthony C. Hooper: Okay, so let me try and go through those. So on the large customer end user purchases for XGEVA and Neulasta, so in the range of $30 million to $50 million, so not a large amount, but they will clearly burn off during the second quarter. When I look at REPATHA, it is about a 77% rejection rate, not abandonment, that's happening at the pharmacy. So a lot of the prescriptions being denied because they don't quite fit the prior auth process which has been required. Talking to cardiologists, it's clear that they are extremely frustrated at the moment because the patients they're sending in are appropriate patients who are not being properly managed on their maximum tolerated statin at the moment. We are spending quite a bit of time with payers at the moment, and helping them see the – what I would imagine that the unintended consequences of a rather onerous paper-based prior auth system, which is resulting in so many patients not getting access to drug when they should. So, I think with a bit more discussion, people will understand the importance of getting appropriate patients on drug. I think of some of the question in terms of narrowing the population is around what will the outcomes show. And there's no doubt in my mind that once we have limited proof that this drug actually results not only in lowering LDL, but in actually reducing the risk of heart attack and stroke, that more patients will gain access to the drug.
Anthony C. Hooper: Okay. So let me answer that question. This is Tony. Clearly, as I said, the addition of the ENDEAVOR data to our label, giving us both a doublet and a triplet regimen in second line, both with clinical data showing great efficacy versus the prior regimens, has put us in a good position to give patients in second line plus a better opportunity. The data in the market is quite shallow because we haven't looked at the patient chart orders. But as I look at the orders for the first quarter, I see Kyprolis continue to hold market share in third line. I see continued growth in the second line. And I see the newer entrants with very slow single digit market shares and predominantly being used in fourth line plus.
Anthony C. Hooper: Robyn, it's Tony. Clearly as we've said, we bring our products to market with a clear debate and discussion around the pharmoeconomic value of the products. There was an extrapolated value that these drugs would actually result in reduction of both stroke, heart attack, and early untimely death, and I think we will continue to bring the value to market. There are rebates in the marketplace at the moment, and that dynamic will continue over time as we jostle for formulary positions. But I think what we bring to market at the moment is a pretty decent and acceptable value proposition to treat patients at high risk.
Anthony C. Hooper: All right, so it's Tony. Let me answer that one. So as you know, CMS have gone with a two-year period, that this product will operate outside of the bundle under the ASP pricing method, which will give CMS two years to evaluate the product value and then to make a decision how much value is put into the bundle when the product moves from ASP into the bundle.
Anthony C. Hooper: Okay, so let me answer your question on the dialysis market. You're right, the market is broken into three. DaVita is responsible for about one-third of the market. We have a contract with them that is exclusive that runs to 2018. Fresenius, who is responsible for another one-third of the market are in the process of converting a lot of their patients. The last time they made any numbers public, they were talking about just over 70% conversion to Mircera. The other one-third of the market is the independent medium and small dialysis units. In that setting, we have converted about 70% of the EPOGEN usage to Aranesp.
Anthony C. Hooper: Okay. So let's go back to the front end. Just to reconfirm again, what we report and what we talk about in terms of net price, and really that's a combination of the list price minus the rebates and/or formulary positions you have in the marketplace. I think as a company we're acutely aware of the issues facing the industry in the U.S. at the moment. But Amgen's all about innovation, right? So we price our drugs around the pharmacoeconomic value of the products as we bring them to market. Enbrel itself, of course, is competing in a highly competitive marketplace where several large players are competing for formulary position to enable patient access. At the same time, the health plans and the PBNs are negotiating price concessions on large rebates to set up formulary placements themselves and it's because of the magnitude of these rebates that price increases have become part of this overall dynamic. So, it's an integrative process flow as we go forward. Talking about 334, as Sean has said again and again, this is a huge unmet medical need in the marketplace where existing therapies have side effects that are sometimes as bad as the disease itself. Unlike most other diseases, patients with chronic migraine really know about it. It's debilitating. It's devastating. And some of the initial research we've done have shown a much higher inclination or preparedness to pay a co-pay because patients really want to get rid of the disease as quick as they can. I think most of the patients who are available to us have been on therapy for some time and were able to show they've been on therapy. So step edits I'm sure will be there. But there's a large bolus of patients who have failed consistently on existing treatment in the marketplace.
Anthony C. Hooper: So I think if you've heard people talk about the (1:00:36) performance in Europe where once the price has been set and reimbursement is agreed, there's no longer an economic decision around every prescription, so uptake happens quite fast. So I believe that as we get into growing into this marketplace, pricing is just about set. When you come in with larger expanded patient population groups, there's a chance in Europe, you have to go back in it in a country-by-country negotiation. In Japan, historically, that hasn't happened as much, and the pricing we receive in Japan seems to be a longer play-through from pricing.
Sean E. Harper: In terms of the results, the second part of the question relates, I think, to the ability to file the data set in Europe, and we do believe the data will support registration as is in Europe, but we also have always planned to file both outcomes – fracture studies. So we have the alendronate controlled study in which the primary end point is clinical fracture that will be part of that – part of that file. I think that when you step back there are a couple things. One is that we need to present these data at the appropriate scientific congresses and publish them so that the experts in the field can look at the data, because the paradigm for the study design is so different than what people are used to with a three-year placebo-controlled portion rather than a one-year placebo-controlled portion. And in the end, the most important endpoint to look at with these therapeutics we've hit which, again, is the symptomatic vertebral fractures plus non-vertebral. And we had quite a significant effect size there as well as the transition from treatment with romosozumab on to Prolia where we continue to see benefit of romosozumab into the second year on Prolia. So overall, I think the data will be well-received when people are able to look at it in some detail.
Sean E. Harper: This is Sean. I think the other comment I would make is that you may have seen that the – that some of the U.S.-based guidelines for treatment of hyperlipidemia and cardiovascular risks were recently updated and included the concept of using the PCSK9 inhibitors after stepping through some other therapeutic options that have the cardiovascular outcomes data. It's my understanding from talking with many of the key opinion leaders who are either involved in the guidelines or just thought leaders in the field, there's – there's a clear desire to update these guidelines as fast as possible when the cardiovascular outcomes data are available. So that's an independent process from anything to do with getting good data into the label and can be a very important thing that payers look at when they make access decision.
Sean E. Harper: So, Michael, I don't think much has really changed in terms of the fact that there's sort of fundamental scientific principles here around the difference between a receptor antagonist and the ligand. We've always felt that the receptor antagonist would be more potent, and we're seeing that play out. We've always thought that might result in a situation in which the administration profile of the product was better than it would be if larger amounts of protein were necessary for delivery, for example, on a monthly basis in a subcutaneous delivery device. So, I continue to think that it's a relative advantage to have a more potent agent when you're trying to administer infrequent dosing subcutaneously. But whether that will be really play into being an important clinical differentiator when these products are out in the marketplace is, I think, too soon to know. Otherwise, we continue to push very hard on the product to get it to patients as fast as we can because there are about 26 million people with migraine in the United States, and among them there's somewhere in the order of 8 million to 10 million who have had attempts or are currently on and off of therapy for prophylaxis. So there's clearly a very large unmet medical need, and some proportion of that population would be an appropriate population, potentially, for this sort of therapeutic.
Sean E. Harper: Sure, I like to talk about that sort of thing. The certainly omecamtiv is very exciting. We also, as I mentioned, have another migraine prophylaxis antibody and of course, the potential to actually develop a bi-specific antibody that would address both of those pathways as a product behind that. Heart failure does remain a real focus for us, and we actually are introducing a novel, completely novel heart failure medicine into the clinic in a matter of days from now, which is exciting and have quite a few early discovery-level programs in that area. Cardiovascular more broadly, we have some very interesting things we're working on in the early and midstage pipeline. And of course, the BiTE platform has a very large number of products in pre-clinical phases that are moving toward the clinic. And we're seeing a situation in which we're going to be introducing into the clinic multiple different therapies in some cases, with different targets directed at the same hematological malignancy, for example, and are having to envision some interesting multi-armed clinical trials to try to get some efficiency in the testing when we have so many things coming forward simultaneously. So there's a lot going on. Because of everything that happens, that's happening at the commercialization interface, we don't get a lot of time to talk about that, and perhaps we'll have an opportunity in an upcoming business review setting to go through some of this in some more detail.
Sean E. Harper: Actually both we and Regeneron and Sanofi have published papers on the design of these studies, where there's a quite a bit of detail in the way that they were constructed. And in the end, these types of studies differ largely on the issue of how long it takes to enroll the population and what the event rate is once you get patients enrolled. There are not, we don't believe – we would not anticipate large differences in the event rates between the two populations, but there will be some difference in event rate. And I think both companies have set their studies up so that they would be able to detect what was considered to be a clinically meaningful minimum effect size, so typically one would set these kind of trials up so that you wouldn't miss a 20% reduction in risk. Obviously, you may be looking for more, but that would be the way you power the trial. So there are more similarities than there are differences.
Sean E. Harper: This is Sean. I think that the things have you to take into account is that the chronic migraine Phase 2b study is quite a large study and it explores doses that are used in the two large Phase 3 episodic migraine studies. And these are obviously – there's a spectrum of disease here – and while there is a separate regulatory entity of chronic migraine and episodic migraine, the path of physiology is probably quite shared across these as evidenced by the fact that all the CGRP antagonists are having similar efficacy in the different patient populations. So it's our feeling that taken together, the aggregate data could potentially support both indications being granted at least by some of the global regulators. And I would not typically go into the discussions about the specific conversations we've had with regulators, but I'd just say that we feel that it's a very reasonable approach to attempt to get both indications based on the aggregate data package.
