Arvind Sood: Okay, thank you, Marvin. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our second quarter conference call. I believe through our prepared comments today, you will consistently hear the message of the progress we are making on our full-year objectives as well as steps we are taking to deliver long-term value to shareholders. To discuss the quarterly performance and our full-year outlook, I am joined by several members of our leadership team. Our Chairman and CEO, Bob Bradway will begin with a brief strategic overview. Our Chief Financial Officer, Jon Peacock, will then review our quarterly financial results and provide an update on our guidance for the year. Our Head of Global Commercial Operations, Tony Hooper, will discuss product performances and trends followed by Sean Harper, our Head of R&D, who will provide a brief pipeline update. After Sean's comments we should have ample time for Q&A. We will use slides for our presentation today. These slides have been posted on our website and a link was sent to you separately by email. Our comments today will be governed by our Safe Harbor statement, which in summary says that through the course of our presentation and discussion today, we may make certain forward-looking statements and actual results may vary materially. So with that, I would like to turn the call over to Bob.
Arvind Sood: Geoff, are you there? I think I lost Geoff. Marvin, let's go on to the next question and then maybe Geoff can get back in the queue.
Arvind Sood: Okay. Thanks, Bob, and the rest of the team. I would also like to thank you, all of the analysts and shareholders who participated in the call. If you have any other questions, follow-on questions, comments, obviously the Investor Relations team will be around for several hours. So please feel free to reach out to us. Have a good afternoon.
Jon Peacock: Thanks, Bob. Overall growth in total revenues of 5% for the quarter was supported by solid product sales growth of 9%. This was driven, as Bob as mentioned by strong performance across the portfolio, including Enbrel and Neulasta, our largest products and continued progress with Prolia and XGEVA. It also included a positive adjustment of $185 million to previous estimates for managed Medicaid rebates on prior period sales and this was based on recent claims experience. These adjustments primarily affected filgrastim and ESA franchises. And, overall they had an impact on the EPS of around $0.16. Others revenues in the quarter were lower compared to 2012, reflecting the $200 million payment from Takeda that we recognized in the second quarter of last year. Operating expenses were up 8%, driven by the increase in the Phase III clinical activity, particularly related to PCSK9 molecule AMG145. Now that our Phase III trials are up and running and progressing well, you should expect that R&D expenses in the remaining two quarters of the year will be broadly in line with the expenses that we have reported for the second quarter. SG&A expenses were 3% higher, within this Enbrel profit share expenses were up 15% to $425 million. As you may recall, one of the Enbrel royalty comments expired during the first quarter resulting in a higher increase in Enbrel profits relative to the increase in sales compared to a year ago. Excluding the Enbrel profit share SG&A costs were slightly downs' a year ago. Also, sales margin excluding the Puerto Rico excise taxes were flat at 13.9% of product sales. Other income and expenses were $145 million in the quarter. This is broadly representative of what you should expect for the remaining two quarters of the year. The tax rate on the quarter of 11.9% benefited from a different jurisdictional mix of cost and revenues and the 2013 federal R&D credit. Overall, adjusted earnings per share increased 3% to $1.89. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet on page 5, we generated free cash flow of $1.4 billion in the quarter. The higher cash flow of $2.2 billion that you will see on the page in Q2 of last year, was driven by two discrete items, specifically the termination of interest rate swap agreements and a one-time payment received in Spain to settle several older receivable balances last year. In addition to our quarterly dividend this quarter, year-to-date we have repurchased shares for a total cost of $800 million and at an average cost of $85 per share. We didn't repurchase additional shares during the second quarter. At the end of the quarter, we held $22 billion in cash or liquid investments and $23.9 billion in debt. As Bob mentioned earlier, we remain committed to increasing our dividend meaningfully over time and through our solid investment grade ratings. Turning to guidance for the full-year on page six. We now expect full-year revenue to be at the upper end of our guidance of $17.8 billion to $18.2 billion. We are raising our guidance on adjusted earnings per share to a range of $7.30 to $7.45. Within this, we now expect our tax rate for the full-year to be between 9% and 10%. Finally, our guidance on capital expenditures remains unchanged at approximately $700 million. Let me hand over to Tony now, who will give you some more insights on product sales during the quarter.
Jon Peacock: Chris, it's Jon. We have been keeping track of the claims we have been receiving against the reserves that we set up over the last two to three years for Medicaid patients being processed through the managed healthcare systems state-by-state across the U.S. We made a judgment that the claims that were coming in consistently over that period since we started the accrual were coming in somewhat lower than the reserves that we had set, and so it became clear that the net revenues were higher than we had estimated at the time we set up the reserves, so the adjustment we are making is really to recognize that there is net revenues based on the actual claims experience that we have seen over the last couple of years, the net revenues were higher than we had estimated when we set up those reserves, so we were at a point where with our auditors we felt it was appropriate to recognize that.
Jon Peacock: No. I would just reiterate that we are committed to continuing to increase the dividend meaningfully overtime. We said and have continued to say since 2011 over the five-year period to 2015 we are committed to returning on average more than 60% of net income to shareholders and I think we are well on track to doing that as well, so I think those are all important commitments to us and they all fit alongside our acquisition strategy.
Jon Peacock: Yes. There's really two elements to the deal Ravi just to sort of explain how it works. We have five pipeline assets around which we have arranged a profit share agreement with Astellas. They are co-funding the development of those assets and we will also co-commercialize them through which there is profit share agreement over the life of each of those assets. Alongside that, we are working with Astellas to set up a joint venture. Through that joint venture, we will build the Amgen affiliates. We will take full ownership of that affiliate by 2020. There were no significant economics that passed through that joint venture. So the only economics that flow to Astellas are through the profit share arrangements on those five products.
Jon Peacock: Yes, Eric. I won't get in to too much detail about that, except to say that as expense base and R&D increases in support of our clinical trial activity, a lot of that expense base is U.S. based and a lot of that is fully deductible and against the full U.S. taxes and that is one of the mix issues of the driver.
Jon Peacock: Yes, Rachel, of the 185, it's predominantly in the filgrastim and the ESA franchise, as you noted from the comments Tony made on R&F. It's about 50 in the R&F space. The rest is largely spread across the other three. I don't want to get into much more detail on that. Thanks.
Jon Peacock: Yes. I think we said at the beginning of the year that the share repurchases for this year and into next year would be more modest. We had a fairly heavy share repurchase program at the beginning of the year as we saw stock price hovering around $80 a share. We got about $1.6 billion remaining on the share repurchase program that we have said we expect to have lost those into well into 2014, so this isn't the sort of smooth quarter-by-quarter process. We will gauge it appropriately. Then in terms of in acquisitions, I will just sort of restate that we are committed to the capital allocation commitments that I highlighted earlier on.
Jon Peacock: So I think that just comes with operating in the heart failure space. I don't think it's anything about this mechanism that makes it bad. That is just, as we all know, while there are a number of therapies that have very clear proven mortality benefit in this disease, there are quite a few that have turned out to have various effects and so on. So it is a difficult area to work in, requires an upfront morbidity, mortality outcomes type of trial before one can gain registration in most jurisdictions. But because of that, it requires a lot of investment and until you see those outcomes data, you are not going to be absolutely sure of what you have got. That said, if you look in this space right now and we validated this very much with our colleagues at Servier, when you look in this space, there is virtually nothing out there in systolic heart failure that's really interesting as a chronic treatment. In that context, if you think about the experiments that we are doing, they really fall in to two groups. One is into intravenous studies which are done very short-term in hospitalized patients and this is much more of a PK/PD kind of a study to try to understand in that laboratory type of environment in which you can use intravenous drug, measure concentrations in patients, monitor them real-time over a 48 to 72 hour period. We can learn a lot about the safety and the concentration exposure range we need at activity. In that context, that experiment is the one which has three different cohorts with increasing levels of exposure that you will be seeing at the European meetings. But a very important study is going now which is an oral study that chronically doses patients over several months. This is where the real potential value of this kind of therapy is. It's really about keeping these patients from having six to ten hospitalizations per year for flares [ph], making them more functional and, of course, possibly increasing their actual outcome in terms of survival. I think that we will have to see data from those chronic studies with the oral presentation of the drug before we could understand that we have something that's worthy of going into a large morbidity mortality trial and pursuing that goal. I think this remains, as you appreciate, a program that's really of great interest, given the epidemiology of heart failure, which around the world is rising and is really a true public health threat around the world.
Jon Peacock: Well, I think if you adjust for the one-time events that we have seen yesterday, you will see a different trend. So do bear in mind the adjustments we made in the first quarter on the Enbrel returns and the adjustments we have made this quarter on the Medicaid rebates which are adjusting revenues from prior periods. So I think if you take that out, you will see that actually we are expecting to carry some good momentum into the second half of the year.
Bob Bradway: Clearly. Thank you, Sean, and now I will turn it over to Arvind and Marvin for the question-and-answer session.
Bob Bradway: Yes. Well, we will split that into two parts. Jon, why don't you address the Medicaid question first and then Sean could dive in with PCSK9.
Bob Bradway: Sure, Terrence. This is Bob let me take those questions. First with respect to IP on 145. As you know, we don't comment at this early often about IP, the [offers] is that we don't see any barriers for us in developing and commercializing AMG145. As you know, as you heard us say repeatedly, we are very excited about this access and what we think it can do for patients. With respect to comments on biosimilar molecule in the process of transitioning this molecule that we perhaps recall licensed in, we are relying on a contract manufacturer to supply clinical material and some of that clinical material hasn't been at the high quality standards that we require and so we are facing a little bit of delay there. But as Sean pointed out, we don't expect any delays to our ultimately launching our first biosimilar molecules in 2017.
Bob Bradway: So, Marvin, I think they have covered a lot of topics here and I think most, if not, all of the major analysts have had a chance to ask some questions. So why don't we take two last questions.
Bob Bradway: Well, you are right to note that we are running a tad higher and that's one of the reasons why Jon tried to provide some clarity for you in his remarks. Obviously you can deduce from our comments about 145 that we are excited about that program and doing everything we can to deliver the results that we have talked about for the first quarter of the next year. It's an important product what we are spending money on now are these late stage Phase 3 programs. So we are not far off the guidance we gave you but we wanted to be clear and that's why we addressed it in our prepared remarks today.
Sean Harper: We are not sure we heard the beginning of that question Ravi, but Jon you have to take a crack at this.
Sean Harper: Yes. I don't want to get into specifics of when we are going to file but these are the pivotal data sets that we are thinking about for initial registration.
Sean Harper: Chris, the only other thing that's perhaps worth just commenting on, is obviously CMS has proposed a cut in the reimbursement rate to dialysis providers and we are in the common period with CMS and obviously we and the providers will work to make sure CMS understands the risk that the cuts, if implemented, might have on patients having access to appropriate quality care. So it's still early days. We won't know for some number of months what the likely impact of that proposed cuts is going to be. But that's the other thing that we are working with the providers on when it comes to the EPOGEN prospects.
Sean Harper: We will avoid talking about the specifics related to Onyx, but Jon if you want to talk about the quarter just complete, go ahead.
Sean Harper: Yes. I think that we had a very robust Phase 2 program for this molecule given how enthusiastic we are about the pathway and the opportunity to clearly help patients with cardiovascular disease, so I suppose that's what I am anticipating from the Phase 3 studies is going to reflect very closely what we saw in Phase 2. Populations we are studying are the same, drug dosages and the approaches were the same and I would hope we continue to see quite a significant 50% to 70% kind of reduction in LDL cholesterol whether it's used in monotherapy or on the back of the existing statin therapies and I would hope to see continued similar well-tolerated profile. I think that the outcomes data will be important despite the tremendous amount of human genetic elevation that exists for the pathway and the view by virtually every expert that I have interacted with that the outcomes data is kind of a predictable positive result. You still need the data and the data will be important when they come. I think in the meantime, for patients with particularly high risk and elevated LDL cholesterol, this will be an important intervention.
Sean Harper: It's difficult to make those predictions and so I think that as we see responses to the therapy in individuals, it will be then much easier to ask those kind of biochemical questions about why. And, of course if you see a response to a therapy, you are going to know that to some extent there are some kind of functional LDL receptor being expressed on the service to the [parricide] and you can begin to work out some of that, but it's right now not a case where we are doing all of that kind of biochemical analysis upfront in choosing patients to treat, but kind of the other way around.
Tony Hooper: So the way we look at it at the moment, is it's pretty much the way we have for the last 20 years or so. We have looked to bring the highest value to patients, to make sure all patients who are available to get access to EPO and that we continue to build the strong record we have around both the efficacy and the safety profile of this drug for future when someone else tries to enter the market
Tony Hooper: Just perhaps a little bit additional color, Howard. As you know during the quarter, we had couple of big clinical events, we had a couple of important business development transactions that I have already addressed, so it's not unusual for us when we have that much activity to be out of share buyback market.
Tony Hooper: Okay. So let me just talk a little about it. I think the market has clearly understood that these are not generics coming. These are biosimilars. When you look at what's happened in Europe, one realizes that we have spent 20 years building a very good history around both the efficacy of these drugs and the long-term safety data around these drugs. In addition, and probably as important, that over that 20 year period, we are one of the few companies who have continued to supply high quality product without exception. We have not, at any stage shorted a patient. So as we view this as a set of higher hurdles in Europe to run our business, this will be the same set of hurdle that will be applied and we will be using in the U.S. when potential competition comes to the market. That's why we, at the moment, are doing the extrapolations and projections we have.
Tony Hooper: First of all, we don't believe there's any such signals that biogeneric, I mean it is very generic or it's a biosimilars and the biosimilars are pretty different to the generics. A lot of potential future competition will be BLAs, so we have to be establishing themselves as separate independent new entities with no history around efficacy and safety in the market place. We have had seven-plus years of experience in Europe, understanding a multitude of players have come to market, we are using all those experience, all those knowledge as we prepare for potential competition in the U.S. I am not going to go into details around what we are doing in the U.S., but we have been relatively successful outside the U.S. and we will be applying the same type of tactics. Thank you.
Tony Hooper: Tony, this is Tony. The rules are pretty clear. We may not engage with payors around pricing strategy prior to registration.
