Bob Bradway: Okay. Thank you, Peter. And now we’ll open the line for callers so they can ask questions. And I just ask our operator to remind you of the procedures for doing that, please.
Bob Bradway: Yes. Sure, Mike. We can answer in two parts. Maybe I’ll kick it over to Murdo in a moment. But let me just reiterate that we remain very excited and of course, we’re watching carefully developments in the marketplace and talking as appropriate with our friends at Horizon about that. And again based on our view of the clinical data and our view of the international opportunities and ability to expand the reach of the product, we’re very excited about what we think we can do there. But Murdo, why don’t you elaborate further.
Bob Bradway: Yes. In regards, this is obviously a smaller patient population, about 4% of colorectal cancers harbor the G12C mutation. In terms of next steps here our plans are to have discussions with the FDA and other regulatory authorities on these Phase 3 data. And as those conversations on unfold, I’ll provide guidance about the potential regulatory pathway. And then, as I mentioned, based on the strength of these data and Phase 1b data in the first-line setting using a Vectibix chemotherapy LUMAKRAS combination we are also advancing a Phase 3 trial in first-line disease. So, I think its full steam ahead in colorectal cancer as well. And again, I’ll give guidance about next steps as we’ve had the appropriate conversations.
Bob Bradway: Thanks Yaron for the question. Yes, you’re right. Enbrel has – did have a strong quarter and is benefiting from quite frankly, the best access we’ve ever had on Enbrel, where we’re covered across all the major PBMs now. So we’re seeing really nice new patient growth on Enbrel, so more new patients coming onto treatment with Enbrel, and we think that that will support sustained volume through the course of the year. We did give up a bit of price to do that, so that’s also flowing through Enbrel. But overall, I think there was some concerns perhaps last quarter that the biosimilar activity in this category was somehow impacting Enbrel. And I was pretty clear last quarter that wasn’t what we were seeing. And it’s definitely now clear in second quarter that biosimilar competition for Humira is not negatively impacting Enbrel. So we’re – we see stability in Enbrel going forward. For OTEZLA, we’re actually seeing some strength in OTEZLA. We are pleased with what new patient acquisition looks like. We think we can do better and we – as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, are investing more in OTEZLA through the backend of this year. And Peter also mentioned that. And the reason we’re optimistic is we’re gaining momentum in helping those post topical first systemic patients. And the epi here is pretty significant as there’s 1.5 million of these patients in the U.S. that persist with topical treatment. That would be better being initiated on a systemic agent. And OTEZLA is really the ideal for a systemic agent. We have great commercial coverage with OTEZLA with very little prior authorization requirement. We have no testing requirement for initiation. And the affordability and out-of-pocket is very good. So OTEZLA is an attractive option for PBMs and pairs to maintain on their formularies. And it’s an easy option for dermatologists as the first systemic agent that they would choose for a patient coming off the topicals and being treated. And again, this is milder form of disease and no one else has indicated for that mild population from a systemic perspective. So overall, the thesis is good. Now, I think, SOTYKTU coming into the market clearly put pressure on us where there were patients who were probably on our oral and didn’t have full resolution of their psoriasis symptoms and they would’ve switched to SOTYKTU. What we’re seeing is that, that has slowed. We are losing less to SOTYKTU in our current mix of patients that we have on Otezla. And we think that the other – the other dynamic that put pressure on us in the first part of the year was the topical treatments also had free goods programs out there, and they were getting trial, and that has abated, they flattened out. So we’re getting less pressure from topicals and much less patient movement away from Otezla to SOTYKTU. So I think we really have to see into 24 how the access will evolve for the novel agents, but we’re very confident with our current access and the current perception of the safety and efficacy of Otezla, we can further penetrate that population of patients. So going forward, we’re feeling good about it.
Bob Bradway: Well, again, I think I would reiterate what I said in my prepared remarks, right, which is that they, we don’t believe that their case is based on any established antitrust law. We think it’s based on hypotheticals and speculative notions. And we look forward to having a chance to assert that in court. And again, we expect to prevail in court. And I think what – what’s implicit in your question is the recognition that we live in a very fragmented industry, and that there are a lot of innovators in particular that are a size that makes it difficult for them to capitalize on the full potential of their innovation, especially globally. And so there is a role for companies like ours to play in bringing value to companies like Horizon. We’ve talked about it repeatedly, but we think the capabilities we have with our global commercial organization that demonstrated expertise we have in manufacturing, research and development for products like this, I think will enable us to reach far more patients than the company would be able to on its own. So this is an industry that has flourished by being able to capitalize on the innovation ecosystem that exists for biotechnology companies, for the most part in the United States. And again, we expect that that will continue and think that were it not possible for companies to combine to benefit from each other’s strengths, the result would be fewer innovation, reaching fewer patients. So that would be an unfortunate outcome.
Bob Bradway: Yes. I think in light of what we’ve seen in the field, we would love to see something that is competitive with that. Just to level set everyone, the rationale for this study is that the target of TEZSPIRE, TSLP is expressed in bronchial mucosa. Sputum can be detected in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid in patients with COPD. The pathway may be a contributor or driver of exacerbations and that’s really the hypothesis that we are testing here. So we’ll look at the totality of the clinical data, but I think some of the things you’ve seen recently published give us benchmarks as to what we’ll hope to see.
Bob Bradway: Yes. Dane, I’ll attempt to answer your Otezla question. As I said, we are encouraged by what we’re seeing in the market here. It’s really hard for me to comment on market share claims from other companies, particularly when that they’re adding what we can see versus what we can’t see in their free drug program. So they’re giving a lot of product away, and I think they’re including that in their denominator when they’re providing share. I actually don’t think that’s going to be reflective of what their ultimate in market performance will look like, because we’ve seen that in many categories where free programs or bridging programs are not representative ultimately of the final access picture and the final effect that new access picture will have on demand. So, I think that given our very good access coverage with little to no prior authorization requirements across many of those plans, we are definitely in a position should some of those free drug patients end up getting rejected for sustained actual insurance coverage. Because of the broad coverage, we have not factored that into our go-forward, but it could happen.
Bob Bradway: Yes, in terms of the oral obesity program, it’s moving through, it’s Phase 1, which includes, single dose and short-term multiple dose. We expect probably now to have data in the first half of next year. Behind that we have multiple programs looking at orthogonal mechanisms of action, many of them non-incretin based. And as some of those progress towards the clinic, we’ll start to talk about them and give you insights into our portfolio approach here. So thank you.
Bob Bradway: Okay. Well, thank you for your question Robin, and thank you all for joining. As Arvind said, we know we’re a couple minutes over allotted time, so I want to be respectful of your calendars, but I also just do want to make one more statement, if I may, which is before we break, I wanted to announce that after nearly 19 years in the role Arvind Sood will be transitioning his Head of IR responsibility to our Treasurer, Justin Claeys. And Arvind will remain a VP in Finance and will help Justin transition seamlessly into this new role. So he is, while he is not leaving this is nonetheless a big moment and I wanted to acknowledge it because I know Arvind is something of a legend and a fixture in the investor relations world. And I – on a personal note, I want to just add that I’ve worked with Arvind now for more than 20 years. So we began working together even before we both joined Amgen. So I want to publicly congratulate him on his accomplishments in the IR profession. And I want to again, publicly state that I’m delighted that he’s going to remain part of the finance group working with me and Peter and the rest of the team. So on his birthday, we have a second thing to celebrate, which is the culmination of nearly 19 years in his role at Amgen. And those of you, who haven’t met Justin, will enjoy getting to know him. He’s been with Amgen for more than 20 years and served as our Treasurer for most of the past four years. So I know you’ll all join me in wishing Justin well as he begins his transition into this role. And I know you’ll all join me in wishing Arvind a good celebration here with us later this evening. Thank you. We’ll talk to you after the next quarter.
Dave Reese: Yes. Thanks. This is Dave. So we’re aware of those conversations. What I can tell you is that let me approach your question in two parts. One mechanistically, OX40 is primarily expressed on activated T cells and activated pathogenic T cells in the setting of atopic dermatitis. In the Phase 2 program, we did not observe autoimmune phenomena. Obviously, this is something we are tracking, but we have no clinical signal or indication of such concerns at this time. Likewise, your question regarding interferon gamma would imply risk, for example, for infections. That’s also something that we did not see at a greater rate in treated patients than placebo in the Phase 2 program. These are things that we will follow, they’re followed routinely for almost all cytokine inhibition programs. But to date, we have not had signal.
Dave Reese: Yes, Salveen, thanks for the question. Very, very excited about this small molecule. If you step back, I think, it represents what we had hoped to see in the BiTE platform and substantial clinical effects in a major solid tumor. To put the data in the context in comparison to a Phase 1, as noted, we substantially exceeded the 23% response rate that we reported in Phase 1. We are planning to present these data at a Fall Conference on embargoed in terms – of course, in terms of providing more specifics. But I can tell you that it couldn’t be more pleased with the response rate data, the duration of response, and overall survival. For context in patients with small cell lung cancer in the third-line response rates are typically well under 50%, but importantly, they are vanishingly brief in most instances, often a matter of weeks or a few months. And so, based on what we’re observing, I think we really have a chance to change the natural history of this disease, particularly as we march towards earlier lines of therapy where the activity of the BiTE in a lower tumor disease burden setting should be enhanced as we have observed with BLINCYTO. So all of our efforts now are focused on executing earlier line trials. So, this is one to I think pay attention to as we go forward and we’re really looking forward to presenting these results this fall.
Dave Reese: I’m sorry. And in terms of the safety, I think we have learned a lot in the development program about the clinical management here. We’re quite pleased with the rates of principal side effects, like cytokine release syndrome and we’re – we’ll look forward to sharing those details as well when we present the data this fall. But exceptionally happy with the tolerability and safety profile as well.
Dave Reese: Yes. What I can say Umer, without getting into specifics on the number being under embargo is that I’m very happy with the overall – the efficacy package – overall response rate, progression-free survival, duration of response, and overall survival. And we’ll have presentation of all of those data at an upcoming medical Congress. But to me this is – it’s a very, very compelling efficacy package.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. From our vantage point, Mike, what we see is strong execution by the Horizon team in the U.S. and there’s several catalysts for growth here. They’ve already expanded their commercial footprint, and so that should start to take traction. They have the data now for the low CAS patient population with the positive results from that trial in public domain, not yet published, but in public domain having been presented and in hand with their sales forces. So that’s very recent and not reflected necessarily in their historical performance. Bob mentioned the international market launches. We continue to believe post-close, we will be able to help accelerate the work being done there. We’re also seeing some improved medical policies being issued prior to the new calendar year and so that’s very encouraging to see payers improve or remove restrictions, I should say, on the use of TEPEZZA for the lower CAS patient population. So there are many good catalysts, and what I see is horizon systematically unlocking those additional opportunities for growth, and we remain quite bullish on TEPEZZA’s utility across a very large population of thyroid eye disease patients who would benefit from that treatment given the clinical data. The last thing, I should mention on TEPEZZA is they also were able to replicate the low cast population results in OPTIC-J, in their OPTIC-J trial. Sorry, they’re not the low cast, but the registrational data for thyroid eye disease in OPTIC-J. So that sets them up well for future potential launch in Japan. So really good data flow, really good execution and investment and focus here. And look beyond TEPEZZA. We also remain very, very excited about their other two large inline brands with KRYSTEXXA and obviously UPLIZNA. So overall, we remain excited and confident that the two companies working together on this really strong portfolio will be a good parent.
Murdo Gordon: Sure. Thank you for the question, Chris. We’re obviously very early innings still in this biosimilar market with AMJEVITA, and we’re seeing clearly what is new payer behavior in light of such a large product having biosimilar competition. With respect to the high versus the low, we’re – it’s kind of a different mix. We see mostly the high in PBM utilization and the low in the IDN utilization where the low cost – low net cost is attractive to them. But again, it’s very early in the product mix, I don’t think has settled out yet between those two SKUs. I would also say that we are still waiting to see what happens in the next payer negotiation cycle going into 2024. As you’ve seen many of the PBMs are on record as saying that they haven’t done a whole lot in terms of driving utilization of biosimilars in 2023, but plan to do more of that in 2024. So I think there’s a lot more to follow here. And with respect to AbbVie strategy, look, we compete against them in the innovative site and we now compete against them with our biosimilar, and we know their practices well. So not a lot of surprises there, but I think the – I think that the clarity of how pharmacy benefit works with biosimilar uptake, or lack thereof is becoming clear to us and to other biosimilar manufacturers and other onlookers. So more to follow there. I would say though, we remain very excited about the growth of biosimilars in the longer term. We continue – as Dave mentioned, we continue to commit research investment in the development of additional biosimilars with most recently with the initiation of ABP 206, a biosimilar to OPDIVO. We also are continuing to look at being able to launch other biosimilars in the medical benefit reimbursement system in the U.S. and that’s where we were successful, obviously with KANJINTI and MVASI in our previous launches. So going forward, the majority of our biosimilar growth will come from ex-U.S. and U.S. medical benefit biosimilars. And we continue to believe we’ll be able to generate strong growth. Having previously said that we would more than double our 2021 annual sales of roughly $2 billion.
Murdo Gordon: Okay. And on horizon, Umer, you’re right, we remain enthusiastic about proceeding on the basis of the deal that we announced. I would take issue at least with our perspective is different from what was implicit in your question, but we’ll leave that for another day.
