Robert Bradway: So we have given you -- my remarks on EPOGEN, Geoff, were intended to reflect what we think the impact of this QIP going forward as proposed to be, and our guidance is consistent with that.
Robert Bradway: Yes. Let me start with the second half of your question, Joel. What I was trying to convey with my remark about customer signing is that 1/2 of the unit demand was underlying demand and 1/2 of it was timing-related. So that's the only point I was trying to make there. With respect to where we're getting the per-cycle increase, per-cycle penetration, there's no single regiment that I would point to, to explain where we're getting increase per cycle. I just think generally, if you look at pancreatic cancer treatment, if you look at prostate, if you look at some of the other therapies being used in those cancer settings, you'll see increased use of myelosuppressive agents and clinicians are treating their patients with first cycle Neulasta to try to prevent febrile neutropenia. We're doing all we can to try to increase first cycle penetration, not just in the newer regimens but the other appropriate regimens as well. And that's the focus of our team, as I said it would be, when we met in April and that's what we'll continue to try to do.
Robert Bradway: Okay, Yaron. I'll answer both of those. The first one, you're question in Europe, the answer is no. With respect to XGEVA and the mix by tumor types, you may recall at the April meeting, I gave you the data for breast cancer, it was about 44% at that time. It's up a little bit since then. It's about 1/2 of the total volume right now. Prostate has also increased a little bit since April. That's just about 20%. So those are the 2 that have moved since we met in April, since I put the slide up that shows you the mix by tumor type.
Robert Bradway: Yes. I wasn't intending to talk about dosing in Europe. We're outside the U.S. What I was tending to share with you is the observation that outside of the U.S., where the factors that influence practice of medicine a little bit from in the U.S., clinicians have landed on hemoglobin levels that are well above 10 and in fact, above 11. So if you look the large European companies -- countries including the U.K., you see hemoglobin averages in excess of 11 [indiscernible] or so. Across a large number of Western countries, that's the range that clinicians have settled on for their patients.
Robert Bradway: No. Inventory levels were all inside the normal ranges, and I wouldn't look there for an explanation from fluctuation from one quarter to next.
Kevin Sharer: Let me comment on it. I read the Merck statement. It wasn't a surprise to me. It's consistent with what they've said all along. Certainly, we'll have a robust biosimilar environment in the United States, hard to predict exactly when, hard to predict how many. But I'd like to just reiterate that the biosimilar environment commercially is nothing like the generic pill situation. Companies have to invest in clinical trials, they have to invest in manufacturing, they have to actually sell the product, they have to have regulatory capability, et cetera, et cetera. So this is a competitive environment. I expect that the players will be commercially rational and that our shareholders will demand that they earn a good return. And so I think it will be kind of like a normal business, if you will, where there are multiple competitors. We have experience in this. We will be smart, tenacious and I believe effective competitors in the United States just as we have been in Europe. I'd rather not try to speculate at this moment on exactly what the prices are. But I think we can see and characterize from sort of a general business theory way what likely will be the competitive landscape, and Amgen will be ready.
Kevin Sharer: Mark, that's a question shareholders have asked. I hesitate to answer a question in the context of some of the companies you just named. But I respect that they're doing their best and in some cases, have had some success in reshaping their businesses. But I'd like to state that they're coming from a very, very different place than we. We have always been, and will remain, an absolute pure-play-focused human therapeutics company. In classical business sense, I understand your question. However, we have analyzed that question and I'd like to make a few points. First of all, despite the challenges this business has provide -- presented to us and shareholders over the last 5 years, it remains a very large contributor to revenues and importantly, income. Secondly, there are going to be, at least the United States, in the dialysis business, 300,000-plus patients who really, really need this medicine going forward and they're going to need it for as long as they're on dialysis. That is not going to change. And so it would be kind of the horse has already left the barn a little bit at this point to make that move. There are also issues around taxes, operating and other legal and operational issues. So we're not wedded to any given business. We are in business. We're in business to serve patients and shareholders. Our judgment is, right now, that we best serve patients and shareholders by managing this business well. But I want to assure shareholders that we are not wedded to any given business and we do evaluate properly with outside help our strategic alternatives. So it's not a crazy question, we have thought hard about it, but I think we can see what this business is going to look like. It's fully in our 2015 guidance. And actually compared to what I was thinking about April 21, strange as this may seem for you all to hear, I feel quite a bit comforted by where we are now and our visibility and certainty about the future. So good question, and we do look at that question.
Kevin Sharer: Okay, there's a lot in that question, Josh. Obviously, we're pleased with the progress on the launch of XGEVA and Prolia. Again, XGEVA continues to do very well. We're pleased with the progress we're making both with oncologists and neurologists. We know there's a very large segment of the population that isn't being treated, and so we're doing all we can to try to grow the market as well to continue to take share with what we believe is a superior product. Prolia, as I said in April and repeated today, we're pleased with the foundation that we've built. We're pleased with the momentum we have. We think there are catalysts for the second half, so we're expecting to see a continued acceleration from Prolia in the second half. And then, on your question about Enbrel and Neulasta. An, important question, again, were pleased Enbrel remains the market leader in both rheumatology and dermatology, but as your question reflects, there is competition. We now face 7 biologic competitors in the anti-TNF arena, and so the market is growing rapidly. We're growing with that market, and we're doing all we can to continue to see that patients that would benefit from the long safety and efficacy track record of Enbrel have access and opportunity to use the product. So we're encouraged by the trends we see, but we recognize there's a lot of competition for Enbrel. And on NEUPOGEN and Neulasta, again, worldwide, we're pleased with the volume growth that we saw, particularly for Neulasta. We recognize that there are newer myelosuppressive chemotherapy regimens that are being used increasingly, and we're benefiting from per-cycle penetration of those newer regimens. And so as those continue to grow, as use of those regimens continues grow, I think there remains opportunity to grow units in Neulasta. With respect to both of those franchises, we think we have some price leverage, but it's important for us to be growing units as well.
Kevin Sharer: Let me try to answer that question. What we try to do here is be conservative in the way we give you our guidance. I don't want to convey to anybody that we're going to somehow give less-than-maximum effort for getting the rule in the right place for patients. I'm not going to promise anything other than maximum effort and keeping patients in mind. I would point out that we have a long history of being effective advocates in Washington, and we're going to try that again here. I'm not going to promise any given outcome, but I have confidence in our system. There are times when ideas are surfaced but in isolation might seem somewhat ill-advised, but the system does tend to work in a way that gets to the right answer at the end of the day. This is a multi-party problem and issue, and we will fully engage. And so I think there's more to play here and we'll find out. But I think we owe you, as shareholders, kind of our more conservative view. But in the public policy arena, we're going to be very energetic and constructive in trying to get this rule to be good for patients. I'd rather not speculate and parse exactly where in the 10s we are going to be. I think that Bob gave a very good summary about what's happening in other places, why we believe doctors are going to do what they're going to do and we'll probably just stand on that for today. But I think shareholders can take comfort that the guidance that we've given, both short and longer term, is conservative around what might happen in the EPOGEN space. And again, we're going to work hard for patients on this one.
Kevin Sharer: Good question, Geoff. We are very pleased with our settlement with Teva. I would expect NEUPOGEN biosimilar, that's it, in November of '13, and we'll fight them on whatever else they come up with in the future. We will be ready.
Kevin Sharer: I think it's important to keep in mind that the patient mix is quite different in these different jurisdictions. And hence, EPO dosing may vary a lot because of the underlying resistance to EPO treatment. But of course, what you're trying to achieve is hemoglobin levels that are associated with benefits in terms of reducing transfusion, et cetera, in the dialysis population.
Kevin Sharer: Let me make a little bit of a comment. I respect and understand the interest in EPOGEN. There's been a lot of news flow. EPOGEN is a smaller and smaller part of our business proportionally. We will be able to manage through whatever the dynamic is in EPOGEN. I absolutely do not imagine that anything is going to happen in the EPOGEN business that would cause our expense guidance to be anything other than what we said through 2015. And hard to predict multi-year, but I think we've given a good guidance on EPOGEN here, and what we expect dose to be, et cetera. So we'd probably rather just leave it there and maybe feel some confidence in what the business is going to do going forward.
Kevin Sharer: I'd rather not go into exactly what the nature of the dialogue is going to be or exactly how we're going to pursue it, but we have, I think, some very good points that we want to make. This is a complicated process. It's a public process. I respect CMS' point of view, but I also am confident that we have arguments on the patient side that are important, and you could probably imagine what they're going to be. We've been at this for 20 years, and I'm not predicting any given outcome, but this isn't our first rodeo
