Bob Bradway: Okay. Thanks, Dave. Ian, why don't we open the lines up for questions now and please remind our callers of the process.
Bob Bradway: Yes so, Chris just to remind you we have six commercial franchise areas, of which nephrology is one obviously that was our first. We've been a leader in that area now for several decades. We have a number of important products for nephrologists today and we intend to continue to serve the needs of patients and physicians and providers et cetera in that community. We have not found in our own discovery research efforts that we've been able to find the kinds of game changing innovation that we want to invest in from a discovery standpoint. So we're not investing in discovery research in nephrology right now, but we are going to look for business development opportunities there and in general our strategy when it comes to the business development is to look for medicines that make a big difference for patients suffering from these diseases. So we'll look for innovation and large effect size. I don't know that I use the word game changer. But if I did, that's what I was intending to reflect the notion of large effect size innovative medicines. So to the extent, there are some in the industry or otherwise medicines, where again we think because of the historical investment we've had it with this community patients’ that we can add real value, we'll look.
Bob Bradway: I can take a stab at the first part of your question and Murdo, I invite you to jump in. But since we made those undertakings before you were part of the team Murdo. The notion that we articulated was that we were going to advance the portfolio of up to 10 biosimilars that we expected that these could be an attractive growth opportunity for the company and we're off to a good start, as you heard me say earlier. At the end of the fourth quarter, we are annualizing in excess of $1 billion. So we're off to a good start. We're on time. We're on budget with these programs and the gating item is simply product approvals and product launches. So we remain enthusiastic about our chance to earn a return from these products and it adds to the specifics of IPI, just to say in general. We obviously would be concerned we think quite a few other stakeholder groups would as well about the disruption that IPI would represent to the innovative biopharmaceutical industry. And we think there are better ways to evolve our system in a way that ensures patients have access to medicines at affordable prices, but Murdo feel free if you want to add anything specific about IPI in biosimilar landscape.
Bob Bradway: Okay Umer. Let's try and go through that, I think there were three questions there. So Murdo, you want to take the first two on the revenue, just clarify what we said and then Pete, you can help clarify the other interest and expense line.
Bob Bradway: Good. Well let me - I'll knock off the Medicaid piece first Ronny, for those who are on the call who aren't aware, CMS released some guidance earlier today, so we and others are still chewing through it. I think you'll have very limited impact at first read of it for us, but it's likely to be relevant for those states that didn't opt into the ACA in the first instance and we'll go through it as well, I'm sure others in our industry, more closely to see whether there are any specific issues, for our business, but it didn't seem to me Ronny that that was going to be a concern for us in 2020. Dave, you want to tackle the one please.
Bob Bradway: So Ian, I know we've got several calls or several questions still queued up, so we will try to get through those apologies that were beyond the top of the hour here, but let's go onto the next question.
Bob Bradway: Okay, everyone. Thanks for your patience. Sorry. We went a little bit past the allotted hour, but let me just conclude by saying that we feel good about where we ended in 2019 managing through what was always going to be a transition year for us, and we think we're on the cusp now of a period of new product revenue growth. So we look forward to that. And we look forward as well to important clinical data that is expected particularly towards the second half of this year. So I'd be remiss if I didn't just take a moment to thank as well the Amgen staff around the world, who continue to work so hard every day to deliver on our mission to serve patients. So thank you to them. And we look forward to let me chance to talk to all of you in April after the first quarter.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks for the question Jay, it's Murdo here. We're very pleased with Aimovig's market access position now with over 92% of covered lives, having access to Aimovig at a very affordable co-pay. We're also pleased with the addition this year of CVS, last year we did not have CVS as a benefit - with Aimovig as a benefit. And we do as of the beginning of this year and we've already seen and acceleration in our new patient uptake. We are happy that the percentage of patients that are receiving paid prescriptions now of Aimovig is above 80%. And that bodes well for the future growth of this category because we've got highly effective medicines that have an impact, a significant impact on the reduction of migraine days on migraine sufferers. And we have a lot of them, there is 4 million eligible patients out there in the U.S. and they're able to access Aimovig at a very affordable co-pay. So that's good for the future outlook of the category. Obviously because we did contract to secure that additional access, there will be a reduction in our net selling price that you'll see in Q1 and then we expect it to be relatively stable over time. Now, because this is a retail benefit product, you do see some fluctuations, as you make true-ups in the mix of your product that comes through Medicaid commercial or to some extent Medicare Part B. But overall, we would expect post Q1 stability in net selling price.
Murdo Gordon: Yes thanks, Brian. The majority of the share decline is from the prefilled syringe. Onpro exited at a 55% share of long-acting filgrastim and continues to hold up well in terms of share. We have had a contract out there that provides some discount to Onpro, but it's a more modest discount, then you would see on the prefilled syringe.
Murdo Gordon: Nothing on IPI, Bob I think you summarized it well and on the biosimilars, the only thing I would say is I'm thankful to have inherited this portfolio and for the decisions that were made prior to my arrival. I think this is a strong business opportunity. It's been one, we've been able to realize very good competitive share in Europe and we're off to a very good start in our early launch in the U.S. And I look forward to being able to launch more products.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks for the question, Kennen. Yeah we're excited about potential synergies between Otezla and Enbrel, and quite frankly by extension our biosimilars business coming into the inflammation category. Too early to comment on specifics, but we continue to work through our contracting strategy, promotional strategy even things as simple as possibly expanding into primary care promotion because we have a fairly large primary care footprint. And then clearly, our international geographic expansion is augmented by having Otezla joining our portfolio with potential new markets where perhaps Otezla was slated to be launched by distributors when we have a full blown affiliate in some of those markets. And then the last pieces of course synergies as we go into some of the new indication areas. So I'm excited about building those. Our teams are working hard to realize those synergies, and I feel optimistic that we'll be able to be more specific in upcoming quarters.
Murdo Gordon: Sure. So yes, we have guided that our base business will be stable year-over-year, obviously there are a range of outcomes on that portfolio and we continue to work hard across a number of opportunities to do as we've done historically and that is to outperform. I would say that Otezla has come in and we have seen very good seamless integration of that team and that performance of that product and the growth trajectory continues with - without any interruption through the fourth quarter and we're seeing strong weeks early in the New Year. On biosimilars, it's very early in the launch of those two products, where we are annualizing as you pointed out at over $1 billion based on fourth quarter and we expect to be able to continue to accelerate that business.
Murdo Gordon: Yes and Mohit, the only thing I would add is, yes, there is some methotrexate use there, but it's largely a topical business as Dave described and it's largely a patient population that gets very little relief. And this is really a patient population that is in the sweet spot for Otezla. The other thing I have to say is that our new colleagues when building out their positioning strategy for Otezla and their payor strategy have done a very, very nice job of positioning the access and reimbursement for Otezla as a post topical pre-biologic option. So I think for the mild-to-moderate population if we're successful in securing that indication that same payor strategy will be continued. So, I feel confident that we're in good shape there for another source of growth for Otezla going forward.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. And Yaron, on Repatha just a reminder, a 100% of patients are accessing the low-list price because we pulled the original list price off the market in December. And we've been able to throughout the course of 2019, open up the commercial access where the majority of patients receive Repatha by their physicians prescribing it without the need for paperwork and utilization management criteria, so physician attestation only in commercial is the majority condition for how they can prescribed Repatha. And then in Medicare Part D space, obviously that's a new event for us, because we were mid-cycle when we lowered the price with the introduction of the low list price. So it's really something we're excited about as an accelerating potential for Repatha, as was mentioned roughly 70% of Medicare Part D lives now have access to Repatha at an affordable co-pay. So we're looking forward to seeing sustained growth going forward. Our teams are ready and I was just with our sales forces in Dallas and everybody is pretty excited about being able to treat more patients quite frankly the way they should have been treated all along.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. And Geoffrey, thanks for the question on of Evenity. We are pleased with the launch trajectory on Evenity, it's reflective really of two markets, Japan and U.S. primarily. The Japanese launch has been nothing short of a resounding success out there with our partners, Astellas and UCB, I think physician reception has been excellent. We positioned the product for post-fracture high-risk patients and I think that that's gone really well and it's where the risk benefit equation seems to be one that most physicians are accepting off and we've done the same thing in the U.S., our launch is a little younger in the U.S., but nonetheless the trajectory has exceeded our own expectations as well. We just recently got our permanent J code in the U.S. and that's opening up the prescriber base as well. So I do think that we will have a very successful franchise on our hands and of course UCB will be commercializing with some help from us across Europe, thanks to the approval with the EMA there. So overall, whether - will it be as big as a Forteo that remains to be seen. We are - I will remind you slightly less expensive 30% on the low-end as much as 70% on the high end than our competitors in the category, it's a 12-month duration so it's not a product that you take for multiple years, it's for of 12-month duration, but the new patient acquisition is clearly exciting.
Dave Reese: Yes thanks, Michael. That is intended to provide a potential treatment option for patients who are not eligible for other first-line lung therapies or unwilling to take such therapies. I think it will provide incredibly valuable clinical information on response to the drug in a previously untreated population. We've just started enrolling that, so over the course of the year as we generate data, we'll provide guidance as to when we may have some things to share.
Dave Reese: Sure Terence. This is Dave. I'm happy to address that. I mean, as I mentioned in my remarks, heart failure is a global epidemic, what makes us continue to have excitement in omecamtiv, it's a first-in-class mechanism of action, it's the only drug ever introduced that actually acts directly on the heart cell to improve contractility or the heart's pumping function and we're conducting what'll will be a definitive 8200-patient or give or take trial in patients with advanced heart failure, it's a fairly sick population, where we're going to be looking for mortality benefit and a variety of other clinical outcome measures that improve. So I think there is a large amount of residual unmet medical need and obviously where this fits in a train changing treatment landscape will depend on the profile that emerges from that Phase 3 trial.
Dave Reese: Yes. I'm sure you don't want to address that one, Bob. So, we look - for those who aren't familiar, Ronny's referring to paper that came out within the last month or so that suggests that also targeting the GDP bound form of KRAS G12C would be required for signaling inhibition. We read the paper with interest, of course, I'll make a couple of observations. First, I would say our own data with AMG 510 suggest that at the appropriate doses and doses that we can achieve clinically, we can completely suppressed signaling throughout a dosing interval. It is also my understanding or belief that the G12C inhibitor used in that paper may have been a little less potent and one thing that we've learned over 40 years in oncology is that if you in completely inhibitor target, you very quickly breed resistance. So I would say, I feel very confident based on the preclinical data that we've generated with AMG 510 and we're of course profiling tumors across our clinical program to try to generate signatures of response and resistance. This is the sort of thing that we'll look at. But I don't see anything in the literature as of yet that dissuades me from the approach we're currently taking.
Dave Reese: Yes. Well, let me start Mohit and then I'll ask Murdo to jump in. So in mild-to-moderate psoriasis, there are currently no approved oral therapies. The only thing really available to patients right now is topical therapy, many of them will not ultimately experience disease control with those topical therapies and so we think there is a real opportunity for Otezla in that area. There are up to nearly 6 million patients with mild-to-moderate psoriasis in the United States alone. So that gives you a sense of the size of this opportunity and actually the prevalence of the disease. Murdo.
Dave Reese: Yes. Thanks, Matt. And I assume that someone would pick up on that statement. So what I would say is, I'm not ready to declare victory in any indication yet, but we're seeing the sort of pharmacodynamic activity and early suggestions of anti-tumor activity that are reminiscent of the early days of BLINCYTO and that give us encouragement that we're on the right track. I'd also point out that we undoubtedly have the largest experience in the world in development of bispecific T-cell engagers, as I noted in my remarks, we've learned an enormous amount about dosing and scheduling appropriate management of adverse events and I think all of that is starting to come to bear right now and we're starting to see some of these hints in that in the HLE or half-life extended format. So again, I'm not ready to declare a victory, but we're seeing signs of encouragement and we'll be ready to share some of those data as the year goes on.
Dave Reese: Yes. Thanks, Do. We - we are doing it with our current sales force. I think I talked about the 33,000 prescribing base and I think we're seeing some encouraging results, right now in the CGRP class, you see about 7,000 new patients coming into the class and into the category that are receiving a CGRP therapy and it's our goal to broaden that given that there are so many patients, who are persisting on oral therapies and older therapies that are just not as effective and in fact we see very high drop off and very low persistency on these older oral meds like topiramate and we are trying to change that care continue on that pathway in the way physicians treat chronic migraine sufferers and I think we're having some success. So the 7,000-patient per week number that we're seeing is one that we're looking to grow and we are applying all the right efforts, both in our digital campaigns as well as our personal selling teams in the primary care community right now. So yes, the answer is, we have all the resources required to do that.
Dave Reese: Yes Yaron, so I'll take the Omecamtiv question. There is an -- as we've previously discussed, there is an interim analysis for efficacy that will occur, that has a very, very high bar, a very high bar in terms of the statistical stopping rule. So our expectation is that the trial will continue through to the primary analysis towards the end of the year.
Dave Reese: Yes. Jeff, so I'll take the first part of that question relating to ABP 959 or Soliris biosimilar, the Phase 3 is actively enrolling and we'll provide guidance as we come to the conclusion of that trial when you can expect to see data.
Dave Reese: Yes, thanks, Alethia. The Parsabiv performance last year was fantastic. There are a number of patients, who are benefiting from it. There is a change in reimbursement for Parsabiv going into coming into 2020 that may slow the rate of growth a little, but the range of Parsabiv outcomes is broad and it's really too early to call.
Dave Reese: Yes, thanks Salim. Yes, so I was making reference to the SGLT2s in particular, our sense is that the patients treated in those studies were probably a somewhat less sick population. So that may be a point of differentiation and then as we have intended all along with our Omecamtiv given the lack of drug-drug interactions that we've seen now in the mechanism of action. It is intended to be an add-on to other therapies. Of course, in the Phase 3 trial, we will look at number of patients, who are receiving things such as SGLT2s in the study.
Peter Griffith: Umer, Peter here. Thanks for your question. I would take you to the fact that our total debt at the interest rate I talked about in my remarks at 3.7% average maturity 12 years, by the way, I mentioned that too. That plus the 20.5% of BeiGene's results for 2020, the publicly available consensus estimates are what we're guiding to. So when you work through those two, you should get pretty close to our $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion for 2020.
Peter Griffith: So I would agree with your last comment, the picture of the business does look quite strong. We're pleased with what we've been able to achieve, particularly in the back half of last year. As I mentioned earlier, some of the Neulasta stability with Onpro has been at the expense of contracted terms, which lowered the net price of that total portfolio inclusive of Onpro and we would expect with additional competitors against Neulasta in the biosimilar space that there will be further net price erosion in the long-acting filgrastim category and of course, overall in our total portfolio worldwide, we would expect single digit net price declines for the year. Now, that goes up against what I talked about throughout the call is we have a number of really strong growth drivers in a young portfolio, very diverse products, and we have guided a wide range on revenue and it's my hope that the strong execution we saw in the back half of last year continues into this year and we can achieve a good growth profile, not just in Otezla but in the base business.
Peter Griffith: Thanks Bob. Thanks everybody for your participation. If you have any other questions you would like to cover, of course myself, and the rest of the IR team will be around for several hours. Have a good day.
