Robert A. Bradway: Okay. Thank you, Sean. As you can see, it's another active quarter here at the company, but I hope you'll agree another quarter of solid execution as we make progress towards our short, medium, and long-term goals of delivering growth for shareholders. So with that, why don't we turn it over to the question-and-answer session? And perhaps we can ask our operator to remind you of the procedure for asking questions.
Robert A. Bradway: Matthew, a couple things. First, as you know, we have some nine programs that are under development. Over time, we think those could be an important source of growth and revenue opportunity for us at Amgen. We think that our commitment to developing these biosimilars reflects our belief. The capabilities we have established for our innovative business will lend themselves well to developing a branded biosimilar portfolio as well. The next step for us on the three that are in advanced regulatory stages is the same path for each of the three. It starts with needing to get regulatory approval. So we hope and expect that we'll have an opportunity to get regulatory approval for our first, which is the biosimilar Humira, later this year. And with the benefit of that then, with that approval in hand, we'll turn to the questions of commercialization, as we will for the other two. So first thing we need to do is get approvals, and that's what we're working on securing right now. As to your question about revenue profile and what we're going do when the approvals are in hand, we'll wait and comment on those issues at the appropriate time, Matthew.
Robert A. Bradway: Okay, a couple different questions here. We'll start with the migraine question, Sean, then we'll talk about the field.
Robert A. Bradway: With respect to your biosimilar question, Alethia, we've disclosed that we've begun the program, and that's all we're disclosing at this point.
Robert A. Bradway: Michael, we're having a little trouble hearing you, but I think you had two questions that Tony can address, the first about Parsabiv, which, as you know, is the subject of a PDUFA date later this summer. And then with respect to the once-monthly Repatha, I think that's the question Michael was asking.
Robert A. Bradway: And, Mark, it won't surprise you to know that we're not going to comment on your question about our launch plans for Humira, as I said earlier on the call. The next step is for us to get regulatory approval for our molecule, and that's what we're focused on securing.
David W. Meline: No, very much the same, Bob. So what we're seeing is, as you would know, we consolidated our manufacturing activity to try to improve the efficiency, and you're now seeing that coming through into the results. So I would say through time, we'll seek to maintain our cost of sales at that very competitive level, recognizing there will be some pressure on us in terms of the cost of sales as we introduce the new portfolio. But we think it's a reasonable trajectory overall.
David W. Meline: Sure, so I think what I would say about M&A right now is indeed, first of all, we've been consistent in indicating that we have a broad set of interests, in particular around the six therapeutic areas where we're particularly focused. And so we've said that we're open to look at transactions that could range from early to late-stage. And I think the point is we want to make sure we see everything that might be of interest to us, and I think we're seeing that, first of all. Certainly, we're in a financial position to be able to be competitive. And then secondly, it's true. We're not the only people out there who are in the market looking for opportunities. So I think the point for us is we need to make sure that we first of all look at things as to the scientific insight that we can bring to bear, including with our insight from a human genetic perspective. And then secondly, we are very clear that we're going to be disciplined in terms of the financial returns that we can expect. And we're interested in doing deals that will create returns for Amgen, not just the seller. So we continue to be active and we've got a number of pretty interesting prospects that we think could come to closure, including still this year.
David W. Meline: So on the first one on the margin, the margin walk for the company, I would say, as we've been seeing, we're very pleased with the progress that we've made towards the goals we've set out for ourselves in 2018. So you look at the combination of continued growth of the business, you look at the progress we're making, which by the end of this year we expect to be delivering a $1.1 billion improvement on our cost base versus 2013, and we see us certainly achieving the $1.5 billion goal that we set out. Likewise, if you look at the progress on the margins where we started at a 38% margin in 2013, you've now seen us this quarter again deliver over 50% on the way to 52% to 54%. So first of all, I'd say we're pleased with the progress. We're running the company in an agile and efficient manner while still investing significantly for the long-term health of the business. The second point I'd make is, we're exactly as of midyear 2016, now we're halfway through the period through 2018. And quite frankly, while we're making very good progress, I think it would be a mistake for us to take our eye off the ball, to continue to focus on delivering against those goals that we've set out for the company. So first and foremost, we're looking at delivering on those goals. And in due course we'll be looking then in terms of the financial performance beyond that. But I think the important point is we think we've got a business that's sustainably delivering very good performance financially and investing in the innovation and long-term pipeline for the company.
Sean E. Harper: And, Terence, I think with regard to the IVUS study and the outcomes, the way to think about this is that what we're pursuing here in both studies is the hypothesis that, as we continue to lower LDL, the relationship between LDL and outcomes will be maintained that we've observed with statin therapy over the last 20 years. And within the IVUS dimension, there has been a clear relationship between the lowering of LDL and the volume of plaque. And that linear relationship looks remarkably similar to the one that you see when you look at outcomes versus LDL. And there is a known relationship between that IVUS type effect and outcomes. So it all does tie together, and I think that we would be expecting to see conceptually what we believe that the benefits that are observed both with respect to impact on slowing the progression of plaque volume or causing regression of plaque volume as well as in the outcomes dimension, that these are all mediated in the case of statins by the lowering of LDL cholesterol. So we expect that pound for pound, if you will, with the LDL cholesterol lowering, we will see very similar results. So I think those are the hypotheses we're testing with the two studies.
Sean E. Harper: Sure. I think when we look at the data from the chronic migraine study, it appears to us as though we have enrolled there a very representative population of this type of afflicted group. And as you know, these people are suffering with just an unimaginable number of these headaches per month. As we talk to the experts in the field, it seems that the population that we enrolled there in terms of the baseline level of headache and the kind of response that we saw in comparison to other product candidates in this axis are all as we might have expected. In the episodic migraine setting, of course, the baseline number of headache days are by definition less, but the treatment effect is still quite robust and reproducible, and I think that's been the case. It's within the world of neuroscience products, quite remarkable when you look at the data across the small molecules that have been entered in this space, the ligand-sequestering antibodies and erenumab that you see a remarkably consistent treatment effect. One comment I'd make is that it's the case that this treatment effect is robust, it's reproducible, but there also is quite a large placebo effect that patients get that comes along with the treatment effect, and it's durable over a long period of time. This is actually what the patient experiences, which is not unique to neuroscience but it's particularly potent in this setting. It's a little hard to get your mind around that sometimes, but this is what people who actually care for these patients emphasize to us to when we look at the data.
Sean E. Harper: What I would say again, and I just made this comment that when you look at what's gone on where mainly companies that have been driving for proof-of-concept and/or dose-ranging their products, they've used doses of either small molecules, ligand-sequestering antibody or receptor antibodies in our case that are saturating the system. And when that happens, that's how across all these different studies across different companies and so on, you're seeing a very consistent result because you're maxing out the impact that inhibiting CGRP can have in migraine. So that's nice to see. And then really it comes down to the question of what is the minimal dose that's effective in achieving that effect. And I think then the devil gets into the details really around the issue of how easily administrable is that particular amount of antibody. So there's going to be a certain milligram amount of antibody that has to be administered. Let's say we believe a monthly subcutaneous disposable auto-injector would be a very nice solution to this otherwise healthy active type of population. And I think that others of course are pursuing strategies that are different than that, and I think it will be interesting, obviously, to see how that all plays out. Tony, you could comment. But I think scientifically, I've not seen any data to suggest that these products are different from one another with respect to what they can achieve when they are dosed and saturating quantity.
Sean E. Harper: Sure. I think at this point in the game, most folks are really just waiting now to see the Merck CETP study read out. I assume midyear next year is what we've most recently heard. Before making any final judgments, I would say that the Lilly data did cause folks who were believers in the mechanism to take significant pause. And certainly, what we've done is to suspend any investment in this area until we see the Merck data.
Sean E. Harper: What I would say is that we have been moving aggressively with this program. We had to of course go through some meaningful discussions with regulators around things like the dosing algorithms that would be used, safety of the product, and so on because of the fact that just based on the mechanism and there is a narrow therapeutic window for the product, and when we're assessing drug levels and how the titration scheme. So that's moved along. I think we've been able to design a very robust study and have decided that we should put it through the Special Protocol Assessment at FDA. So things are actually moving along as fast as I would have expected to on a complex program like this.
Anthony C. Hooper: Okay, thanks, Eric. As you know, the data inside the multiple myeloma market is a bit more complicated to try and segment between first, second and third-line plus, and we often have to use chart orders for that. Based on the data we've seen, Darzalex is clearly a good product, but we truly see the combination potentially of this product and Kyprolis as a future regimen in treating multiple myeloma. Most of the usage we've seen with Darzalex at the moment is fourth-line plus, however. To your question on our new biosimilar opportunity, I think Amgen has specialized for many years in specialty drugs with a focus target population, with low resources required to get to prescribers and to identify patients. So I think that one fits quite well with our model.
Anthony C. Hooper: Sure. So we've seen the good clinical data, and I think there will be clearly a need for a good marketing plan, a good strategy, a good share of voice, and understanding what makes patients move to request this type of medication. The market is hugely unmet at the moment. There's a large amount of patients who are clamoring consistently and looking for help to try and treat this terrible disease. So it's a combination of both clinical science and a good strategy.
Anthony C. Hooper: So let's start with the Parsabiv question. As you know, Sensipar has been extremely successful in treating patients both in the U.S. and around the world. But in spite of the efficacy of Sensipar, we probably only have about a 26% penetration. Compliance or patient persistency in this particular market is always an issue to ensure patients who are on dialysis three times a week actually take their tablets every day as well. Parsabiv brings a combination of potentially a better level of persistency because you'll be infused while you're having your dialysis. But the second thing is, as you've seen from the clinical data, in fact, there appear to be a much more robust level of efficacy of Parsabiv. CMS have granted us a two-year period that this product will exist outside the bundle while they determine the medical value, to determine the value of putting it back in the bundle. So we continue to be excited about the product. There are patients who will take oral. There are patients who will take an injectable, and we'll see how many patients we can assist with both products. As regards Repatha, there's very little usage at the moment on the monthly dose. We have not had a patient-friendly dose up until now. There appear to be a fair amount of patients who would prefer to have a convenient once-a-month dose. And we're spending quite a bit of time talking to cardiologists about this, and we'll be coming to market in the next couple of weeks.
Anthony C. Hooper: So let me take that one, if I can. This is Tony. Clearly, Amgen has raised some strong objections and questions to the proposed pilot together with about at least 300 other organizations. The concern is always when you do something based on acquisition cost around an ASP adjustment, are you ensuring that patient safety and patient concerns are included? So it's difficult to make a comment at the moment, Geoff, about something that's not been put into place yet. It's a proposal. It's up there for comment, and we're working with other people to make sure that if there is a change, patients are protected all the way through.
Anthony C. Hooper: So the first launch of an oral was obviously not that successful. The launch into psoriasis was interesting because it expanded the marketplace and brought into the market a number of patients who perhaps were earlier in their disease, who weren't quite ready yet to move on to any injectable biologic. It's quite possible that there are a bunch of patients between methotrexate and a biologic that could become eligible for this opportunity. But if you look even in psoriasis, the overall market for the TNFs have remained, just the overall market has grown.
Anthony C. Hooper: I couldn't give you that offhand. It's tough to pull that type of data just offhand here. If we need to, we'll come back to you on that one.
Anthony C. Hooper: It's Tony. Let me respond to that one as best I can. First of all, Amgen has been really at the forefront of innovative solutions to improve patient access, including innovative contracting such as outcomes-based and risk-based contracting. We are partnering with payers on patient-centered approaches to ensure that patients get access to the best available medications, and that physicians make the right choice for the right patient, and at the same time the patient share of cost is manageable. As regards indication-specific contracts, I think it's too early at this stage to actually give any comment about what the impact could be.
Anthony C. Hooper: So, Cory, again, a question that a lot of people are asking I'm sure. But as you know, we price our products based on the value in the marketplace, taking into account the value they bring to payers, to providers, to patients, the competitive landscape itself. Enbrel in particular of course competes in a highly competitive marketplace with several large players who are competing for formulary placements to enable patient access. The health plans and the PBMs negotiate price concessions and large rebates to gain formulary placement. Because of the magnitude of these rebates, price increases have become part of the competitive dynamic. That's about all I can tell you at the moment.
