Robert Bradway: Okay. Thank you, Justin, and let me thank all of you for joining our call. 2023 was another year of performance and progress for Amgen, further positioning us to deliver attractive growth through the end of the decade and beyond. Last year, we delivered double-digit volume growth in all four quarters with balanced growth across products and geographies. 18 [ph] of our medicines generated record annual sales, including Repatha, Prolia EVENITY, TEZSPIRE, BLINCYTO, KRYSTEXXA and UPLIZNA. The acquisition of Horizon, which is completed on October 6, gives us a significant new rare disease business that now stands as a fourth pillar of growth alongside our leading general medicine, oncology and inflammation businesses. The medicines we acquired are all very early in their life cycles and by leveraging Amgen's world-class biologics manufacturing, decades of experience in inflammation and our extensive global presence, we believe these products have the potential to reach many more patients around the world. Last year, we also advanced the deepest and most diverse pipeline in our history with promising molecules at all stages of development across our four pillars of growth. We anticipate well over a dozen significant pipeline milestones this year. I'll touch on a few. In General Medicine, we'll generate Phase II data this year for our lead obesity molecule, MariTide, and we're excited, of course, to learn more about this asset. We're also advancing a number of early-stage assets in this space. In Oncology, we have a June 12 PDUFA date for the FDA to complete its priority review of Tarlatamab as a third-line treatment for small cell lung cancer. Tarlatamab is the first bispecific T cell engager shown to be effective in addressing a major solid tumor. In this case, one for which there has been no new treatment in decades and which today has a 5-year survival rate of just 3%. We're studying Tarlatamab in earlier lines of treatment and hope over the fullness of time to be able to serve the tens of thousands of patients diagnosed with small cell lung cancer each year in the U.S. and major markets around the world. We've done this very successfully now with our first BiTE BLINCYTO, which has steadily moved into earlier lines of treatment for acute lymphoblastic leukemia, and we'll take the same approach with yet another promising BiTE at being Xaluritamig in prostate cancer. In inflammation, we'll have Phase III data from Rocatinlimab in atopic dermatitis from the first of 1 are now 8 trials in the ROCKE program. And in rare disease, we'll have Phase III data for UPLIZNA and myasthenia gravis and IgG4-related disease. At a time when a rapidly aging global population needs more innovation, Amgen is delivering, both with the medicines we have in the market today and with the promising new medicines that are advancing in our pipeline. We're also excited by the rapid convergence of biotech and tech, which is enabling us to innovate more quickly and confidently. We've been preparing for this hinge moment for more than a decade and recently named Dave Reese as our first ever Chief Technology Officer to ensure that we're capitalizing on technologies like generative artificial intelligence, not just in R&D, but across the entire company. Succeeding Dave is Amgen's Head of R&D is Jay Bradner. Jay is a physician scientist and a seasoned R&D leader, having served for many years as President of the Novartis Institute for Biomedical Research. Jay previously also served as a faculty member at Harvard Medical School and prior to joining Amgen was a practicing oncologist at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. We're delighted to have Jay on board and excited by the work that he Dave and the rest of our team will do together to accelerate innovation at Amgen for the good of patients and for the long-term growth of our business. And with that, I want to thank our 27,000 employees around the world for their many contributions to our success. And let me now ask Murdo to talk about our commercial performance in 2023.
Robert Bradway: Okay. Thank you. Let's open the line, and we'll take questions from our callers. And Julian, why don't you remind them of the procedures so we can get through these questions here efficiently for everyone.
Robert Bradway: Yes. The only thing I would add is we're starting from a basis of a monthly dosing cadence and schedule. And so the additional dosing cohorts would look at potential dosing schedule beyond monthly. And the data are pretty clear in the market right now that the GI toxicity or GI side effects are generally related to the day of dosing of the GLP-1s, which are dosed weekly. We see some of that same GI side effect profile in kind of the first dose part of the dose titration. But there's an opportunity here to potentially spread the dosing intervals out further and further improve tolerability in our program. And as Jay clearly described, we've got all of the different aspects of that being studied in the Phase II program.
Robert Bradway: And Chris, the only thing I would add is building on what Vikram said in his prepared remarks, we're excited about the international opportunity as well, and I think he characterized that well previously. And we're also excited about what we see as ongoing opportunities to invest in innovation for the benefit of TED patients. So all in all, I feel excited about the rare disease pillar that we've established and the role that TEPEZZA will play in that.
Robert Bradway: Yes. Thanks, Umer. I won't be able to provide patient level insights to the Phase I study at this time, but I do appreciate your question and your interest in the report. I'll speak to the dropouts of the Phase 1 at the 420-milligram dose, which was four out of the eight patients. First, it's notable to say that the high-dose cohort in the multiple ascending dose receiving the three doses of 420 experienced real weight loss, real benefit of 14.5% after these three monthly doses. This was the group that proved actually quite durable out to day 150. Four subjects decline to participate in this clinical study setting largely from logistical reasons. The AEs and other characteristics were comparable to all the other patients in the study. Now the second question around the digital group, I don't have insight into that. Dave, do you...
Robert Bradway: Yes. Thanks, Colin. I appreciate the deep consideration of the molecule, especially. I'd start by saying, I don't regard these doses as high. I'm new here, but 420 milligrams for biotherapeutic that's an antibody drug conjugate with a peptide antibody ratio 2:1 seems well in scope for a modern biotherapeutic product. I don't need to tell this community paying so close - such close attention to Amgen that this is a very sophisticated biotherapeutics organization. And on the manufacturing side, just every patient, every time. And we have all the capabilities necessary to deliver this medicine at whichever of these three or other dose and schedule we arrived at. So no concerns there for me whatsoever. Regarding the balance of the pharmacology, you do invoke a difference between our medicine and medicines developed by pure pharmaceutical companies. Namely mechanistically the core antibody of MariTide inhibits the GIP receptor, whereas these other peptide medicines agonize it. We feel very secure in our choice to inhibit that receptor supported by just the finest level of experimental data available experiments of nature that genome-wide association studies in very large populations have pointed to a need, an opportunity to inhibit the gift receptor to deliver lower BMI as observed with variance in that receptor and downstream signaling pathways that correlate with reduced body mass index in large populations. As to the balance, which you asked, between inhibition of GIP receptor and agonism of GLP-1, these are very difficult measurements to make in humans, but our modeling suggests that with the therapeutic doses and exposures that we observe that we're achieving both.
Robert Bradway: First, why don't we ask Vikram, just to address the performance of the product right now in NMOSD. And then a combination of Jay and Dave can talk about the other activities or other potential applications.
Robert Bradway: Maybe I'll jump in. Mohit, we're not commenting at this point on the provider. We just said that we're going forward with the subcu.
Robert Bradway: Yes. Thanks for the question, Geoff, really appreciate it. As you know, obesity is a major public health crisis, maybe 40% of Americans with a BMI over 30 massively costly. So a huge burden to the global third-party payers and societies. The obesity-related disease list is quite long and expanding from cardiovascular disease and heart failure, type 2 diabetes, obstructive sleep apnea, NASH and AFLD kidney disease. These are chronic conditions that really demand medicines that can deliver durable and chronic weight loss. And so we think we have a really strong offering for these obesity-related diseases rising in our Phase II program, as you know. And obesity has a strong genetic component and we locked on to gipper [ph] inhibition based on genetic insights. So the opportunity space is quite large. You asked the question what indications and perhaps even in what sequence. And when we have all the requisite data, we'll remark in due course. But we intend all indications where this dual mechanism can improve public health. And we are actively planning and on track for an expansive Phase III program.
Robert Bradway: Yes. Thanks, David. I mean we're making all these measurements, and I'm not going to try to forecast the outcome of that pharmacology at this time. As you've seen in our Phase I program, the medicines very well tolerated, delivering durable weight loss and benefit without significant excursion of some of those measurements. I just think it's too early to try to answer your question, and we'll have all that data at the end of the first part of Phase II towards the end of this calendar year.
Robert Bradway: Yes. Thanks for this outstanding question, Michael. And Zalaritamag [ph] is a very interesting and exciting molecule for those on the call. This is a steep on CD3 bispecific. We have been studying this in advance castrate-resistant prostate cancer. We have expanded a cohort in the Phase I monotherapy. We're opening to reduce monitoring as well as - as you invoke the existing and novel androgen receptor modulators integrators, we're exploring combinations with novel agents in that domain as well. The priorities for the program right now are to establish reduced monitoring. This will be important to reach just all the patients who can benefit. We're looking at the feasibility of reduced monitoring. We have a great experience with these T-cell engaging bispecifics as well as the plausibility of outpatient therapy. The approach to the regulatory path will present in due course. There'll be no surprises there. The path to bring medicines to patients with castrate-resistant prostate cancer alone and ultimately, in combination is well worn, thankfully, and we know how to deliver there. You asked about differentiation in other medicines. These are often apples to oranges comparisons. We have looked at that, of course, and we really like the offering of Zalaritamag. The patients treated on our study had quite advanced disease, even more advanced disease than the demographics of the patients as reported on other mechanism medicines such as radio ligand therapies.. And the response rates we're seeing are really clinically meaningful to patients. And that gives us great encouragement to develop the medicine more ambitiously in the next few years.
Robert Bradway: Sure. No, thank you for your question. For the broader group, AMG 786 is an oral medicine being developed for obesity. It is not an increasing that we've not as yet disclosed this target or pathway. This study is progressing fine. The readout of the Phase I is on track for the first half of 2024. We've completed initial dose escalation cohorts, and we're just collecting and analyzing data, expecting the readout in the first half of this year.
Robert Bradway: Okay. Thank you all for joining the call. As you heard, we're excited about the opportunities that we see for growing our business across all four of our pillars, general medicine oncology, inflammation in rare disease. Last October, we shared an in-depth look at oncology in connection with the ESMO medical meeting. And we plan to do an introductory review of rare diseases and our rare disease pillar in late February to give you more information about the medicines that we already have on the market as well as some of those that are advancing through our pipeline. So we're encouraged by the questions that we heard on this call about those molecules, and we're excited about them and their prospects. So we'll host a call, which IR will share with you here over the next few days and look forward to having that opportunity. In the meantime, again, thank you for your support, and we look forward to talking to you at the Rare Disease Day at our first quarter results call. Thank you.
Jay Bradner: Yes. Thanks a lot, Michael. We really appreciate the consideration the Phase 1 paper is receiving from the community. It's exciting to report these data. For those who haven't seen it, this was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study, 49 patients, looking at safety, PK, PD, single ascending dose, 7 cohorts, multiple ascending dose 3 cohorts, 3 monthly doses, patients with obesity being migrated than 30. And we were quite pleased with the outcome. Looking at the 420-milligram dose as an example, which was the highest dose study, 14.5% weight loss at only day 85. And moreover, quite durable coming off of that medicine out to 150 days, all with relatively mild gastrointestinal side effects. And so to answer your last question first, we find the Phase I data, which we're pleased to share with the community to be quite supportive of our ongoing work to develop this medicine to the greatest possible benefit of patients suffering from obesity. Now you've asked questions around some of the measurements on this study, lipid, blood pressure and A1C. And I would just caution that this is a Phase I trial, the numbers are very small, that the duration of treatment is rather short. But even with all of those caveats, while hard to draw conclusions from such small numbers, especially labile measurements like blood pressure and lipids, all are directionally favorable. And so we have - we take no concern whatsoever from those measurements on the study.
Jay Bradner: Yes. Thanks for the question. I'll take this one as well. As you may or may not know, the Phase II study, which is ongoing at present and going very well, explores 11 dosing cohorts with relevant placebo controls. And through that study, we'll have a chance to gain an experience with a longer exposure to MariTide dosed in different ways. We've recently added a part 2 to this study that will allow us to explore even more durable weight loss beyond 52 weeks enabled by just very rapid enrollment. And these four dosing cohorts will go on to test dose level and even less frequent dosing schedules than monthly. And so these Phase II data, even by end of year will be strongly instructive as to finding a safe and tolerated and efficacious dose to carry into Phase III clinical investigation.
Jay Bradner: The third part was a little bit broken up of your question. I heard a better explanation of part two frequency of dosing. And then I did not hear your third part.
Jay Bradner: Okay. Yes. Thank you for the question, Jay. Let me give a little bit of context on this Part 2 study that I think will help answer them. In part 2, the intent is to really look at durable weight loss beyond 52 weeks. And so by durable weight loss, patients eligible for Part 2, which begins at the end of 52 weeks, will be responding to this medicine. And then they'll be rerandomized to four cohorts that will test dose level. And again, this even less frequent dosing schedule. We have not disclosed the granularity on the dosing schedule. This is a competitive environment. But we're afforded this chance because the ADC, the antibody core of MariTide, like so many immunoglobulin therapeutics allows for the opportunity to use it much less frequently. The rate of patients rolling over to Part 2 will be established as the Phase II study continues to progress this year.
Jay Bradner: Just as we go to the next question, let me observe that we're almost up to the hour that we actually all to set aside, but I know we still have quite a few questions in the queue. So we'll try to get one question for a caller here and get through. We'll stay through the queue of calls or questions rather that's still waiting for us, but I know some of you may have to drop. So let's move forward, Justin.
Jay Bradner: Yes. No, I'm happy to. As you may know, on a hematologist, I think CD19 is a terrific target. It's expressed really on all B cells and spares plasma cells. And therefore, considering indication expansion, as you've asked, there's a large number of diseases that could potentially be approached with UPLIZNA to the real benefit of patients with unmet need, far beyond the application of the prevailing CD20s that target just a subset of B cells. This is not lost on our team, and we're working through indication expansion priorities presently.
Jay Bradner: And the best extrapolation that you can have is from the preclinical data that were just published, I urge you to take a look at that.
Jay Bradner: Tim, this is Jay. I open it up to anyone else who wants to contribute to this. I don't believe that - yes, that engaging in the dialogue around this is as much to the narrative. Rather, I'd say that the argument for GIP receptor antagonism comes from just the highest level of scientific data, the human experience across populations with 1 million patients studied, among those who have variations in the genes associated with this pathway where that variation is directionally inhibitory, the BMI is lower. And so we're hoping to replicate that pharmacology with this medicine. We feel great about the offering in this domain.
Jay Bradner: Yes. Well, it's very early days with this medicine. There is strong preclinical support from the published literature and our own preclinical work. It's nicely for patients, a very competitive landscape, but this is the earliest phases of clinical investigation. And so we're going to approach this with total aquapoise and bring the medicine to the patients that stand to benefit the best based on the biology underlying.
Jay Bradner: The short answer is it's too early to talk it up to antagonism versus agonism. As I said before, and I meant it, that these lipids are labile and indirect biomarker of this pharmacology. This is an early stage study that had 1 or 3 monthly doses of the medicine. And so we are not reading anything into the lipids conclusively from this trial. We are making all these measurements in the active Phase I.
David Reese: No. I mean we can get back to you on that. I don't know that we reported that - those data and the discontinuation rate.
David Reese: Yes, I think -- Geoff, this is Dave Reese. I would just add that we're planning a very expansive Phase III program. So you can expect to see multiple indications move forward in parallel. And as Jay indicated, as we start to see data, we will begin launching those trials, and we'll discuss them. And then in addition, as you're aware, regulatory authorities around the world require a certain body of safety data before Phase III launches. And so of course, we will be compliant with that. But our goal is to launch Phase III as quickly as possible once we have the requisite data set and regulatory approval.
David Reese: For data availability - as Jay mentioned, we're nearly complete in terms of dose expansion enrollment. So as those data roll forward over the course of the year, we'll provide guidance as to when we might have the next look at that data. But that's probably the next meaningful set of data we'll get a look at either later this year or early into next year.
David Reese: Yes. I would say the target, as you mentioned, is one that helps control some of the central signaling that drives some of the autoimmune diseases that are being investigated here. And at this point, I think it's all efforts towards generating the clinical data.
