Robert Bradway: Okay. Thank you, Arvind, and hello, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. We had a busy start to 2021 and a first quarter that’s something of a mirror image to what we experienced a year ago. Last year, if you recall, we came out of the gate with a very strong January and February, and then started to really feel the impact of the pandemic in March. This year, especially in the U.S. it was almost the reverse. We felt the impact of the pandemic in January and February, and we began to see a recovery in March, a trend that seems to be holding in April as well. Setting aside the pandemic, we executed effectively in the first quarter and this is reflected in the strong competitive performance of our brands globally. Our strong biosimilar is showing the rapid progress of our lead pipeline molecules and the addition of an attractive Phase-3-ready molecule in oncology. Altogether, we remain confident in our full year outlook. We’re fortunate to have a diverse portfolio of newer products that continue to show strong volume growth. Repatha, for example, delivered 36% volume growth in the first quarter. It remains the clear leader of the PCSK9 market globally, and will soon reach the milestone of 1 million patients served. We’re also the global leader in bone health with Prolia and of Evenity generating double-digit volume in the quarter. Our industry-leading portfolio of biosimilars is annualizing above the $2 billion mark. And I would remind you that we have 3 additional biosimilars in Phase 3 development and look forward to a flow of new launch opportunities for these and AMGEVITA over the next few years. As we’ve shared with you many times in the past, we’re active in business development, looking to complement our internally developed innovation with compelling external opportunities. And our recent acquisition of Five Prime Therapeutics is a good example of that. As you know, one of the molecules we acquired in that deal, bemarituzumab was granted Breakthrough Therapy designation by the FDA as a first-line therapy for a subset of patients with gastric cancer. More than 1 million new gastric cancer cases are diagnosed annually. And the disease is particularly prevalent in the Asia Pacific region, which we’ve said previously will account for approximately 25% of our growth over the next decade. Bemarituzumab is now our third late-stage clinical medicine to be granted Breakthrough Therapy status, joining sotorasib, for which the trade-name LUMAKRAS has now been provisionally approved for use in the U.S. and tezepelumab also has earned that Breakthrough Therapy distinction. With a strong balance sheet, healthy cash flows and our proven ability to integrate, we’ll continue to look for external opportunities that strengthen us in our stated areas of focus. Before I turn things over to our CFO, Peter Griffith, I want to thank my Amgen colleagues for their continued commitment to serving patients around the world and delivering results for our stakeholders. I look forward to our Q&A session a little later in our call. But for now, over to you, Peter.
Robert Bradway: Okay, Erica, thank you. Let’s turn now to Q&A. And perhaps you could remind our callers of the procedure for asking questions. Thanks.
Robert Bradway: And, Jeff, on Washington, I’m not sure whether executive orders the concern these days, or whether it’s something that’s attached to reconciliation, if I had to guess I’d say that the greater risk of something being attached to reconciliation. But it’s still not very clear how this administration and members of the Democratic Party in general, want to try to tackle the question of drug pricing this year. So we’re continuing to stay very involved, as you’d expect, and we have the benefit, I think of being able to demonstrate just how important innovation is with the progress you see being made against the pandemic. And so, we’ll continue to stay active and focus on the things that could be done to improve patient access to medicines. And, I think the other thing, Jeff is to continue to shine a light on the role of the middlemen and how much of the pharmaceutical dollars now wind up in the hands of the middlemen, which I think now, across the country is just an excess of 50%. I think it actually is at 51% now. So we’ll continue to draw attention to that as well.
Robert Bradway: Yeah, thanks, Dane. In terms of potential frontline combinations, I think a number of them that are being examined in the master protocol, if we can enhance efficacy by multiple hits on the pathway could be feasible, for example, the MEK combination. The EGFR inhibitor combinations, and then as well, as you mentioned PD-1 whether that is in combination or sequentially, for example, to rely on a priming effect is a question that we’re trying to answer. SHIP2, I would also consider an additional hit on the pathway and would also fall into that grouping. So I think, we’ll be guided by emerging data, but all of those would be potential avenues into earlier lines of therapy, in addition also potentially avenues into other indications such as colorectal cancer in some of the other solid tumors, where G12C mutations occur.
Robert Bradway: Yeah, Carter, thanks for the question. So we do expect to begin dosing again, hopefully, in the next few weeks or so. As you intuited, this would adjust some of the inter-patient dose escalation that is typical with the use of BiTE molecules, and so that we’ll be pushing that forward. More broadly, obviously, we want to be able to deliver a program here that can offer something to patients, and physicians that they realize might not have, and we’ll continually assess the program against that metric. More broadly, I’m quite pleased with the progress we made on AMG 160 and AMG 757. And, as always – we’ll always provide a cautionary note about extrapolating extensively across programs, because much of what we witness in the clinic is target dependent and so all of these programs will have their idiosyncrasies that need to be worked through as part of the development program.
Robert Bradway: Well, Colin, as you know, we transacted 2 acquisitions in the first quarter, 1 of the preclinical stage, 1 of the Phase 3 ready, and I think that reflects the breadth of interest that we have. We’re continuing to look at acquisitions and licensing opportunities in our stated areas of focus. So, in particular, immunology the inflammatory diseases, cardiovascular diseases, cancer are attracted to us. And then we have very strong franchises in the few other therapeutic areas, as you know, and in migraine and bone health and nephrology. So we look for commercial opportunities there as well.
Robert Bradway: Yeah, as we said before, I think going forward we would expect the development of what we call the induced proximity platform to depend both on internal innovation and external partnerships and potentially acquisition. So we’re open to both. We’re making a lot of progress there. And we’ll provide more detail a bit later.
Robert Bradway: Erica, I gather we have a couple more questions lined up. So we’ll take those remaining questions with apologies to the audience that we’re going over the allotted hour. But let’s get to next question.
Robert Bradway: Yeah. Thanks, Kevin. As we’ve reported, as you saw, and we’ll be providing some data updates, additional analyses on the NAVIGATOR Phase 3 trial at the American Thoracic Society meeting in a few weeks now. Across the board, we saw efficacy that we think is consistent with first line use. It’s important to understand that there are many patients with severe uncontrolled asthma, who have disease that is seeking another treatment right now, meaning they are not controlled with currently available therapies. And so, regardless of eosinophil count, we think that the clinical profile of this molecule is quite attractive. And my view continues to be that this is just going to be a really important medicine in asthma for patients.
Robert Bradway: Okay. Well, thank you all for your patience and for dialing in to the call today. I remind you as always that Arvind and his team will be around for several hours still, if you had other questions that you didn’t get answered. But we appreciate your support and look forward to being back with you in July. Thanks.
David Reese: Thanks, Murdo, and good afternoon, everyone. I’ll begin with 2 new programs that are strong strategic fits within our portfolio. First, we are excited to welcome our new colleagues from Five Prime Therapeutics and begin work on bemarituzumab. The integration is going well and we have hit the ground running with Phase 3 planning activities. As Bob mentioned, we received Breakthrough Therapy Designation from FDA and look forward to discussions with regulators on the development program, including Phase 3 in the near future. We’ll also investigate bemarituzumab and other indications where FGFR2b may play a role, including squamous non-small cell lung cancer. And we’ll have more to say on the entire development program as those plans are finalized. In inflammation, I would like to highlight our acquisition of Rodeo Therapeutics and their 15 prostaglandin dehydrogenase program, which was motivated by compelling preclinical data from Rodeo and valuable insights from deCODE. This is a nice illustration of our use of human genetic data to inform drug discovery and development. LUMAKRAS program continues to advance with several regulatory milestones in the first quarter, including global submissions for advanced non-small cell lung cancer, and the priority review from FDA with a regulatory action date of August 16. We’re having productive interactions with the FDA and multiple other regulatory agencies that will include Japan with today’s anticipated submission, and we look forward to making LUMAKRAS available to patients as soon as possible. We’re also pleased to receive Temporary Authorization for Use status in France. This designation is to promote fast access to innovative medicines before marketing authorization and conventional access, and we have received a large number of requests. In the clinical development program, we completed enrollment in the Phase 3 study versus docetaxel in advanced non-small cell lung cancer. Based on the overall efficacy and safety profile of LUMAKRAS and discussions with regulators, we reduce the sample size in this study, while maintaining appropriate statistical power to assess the progression free survival primary endpoint. The timelines of the study have not changed as the primary endpoint remains event driven. Although, we have demonstrated that the 960 milligram dose is safe and efficacious in advanced non-small cell lung cancer, we continue to explore different doses and regimens as is common in oncology drug development. As part of this effort, we are initiating a new cohort to determine whether a once-daily oral dose of 240 milligrams maintains the safety and efficacy profile of the 960 milligram dose in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer. Should a lower dose be as safe and efficacious as 960 milligrams, it may further enhance the patient experience with one-daily LUMAKRAS. We expect the results from this study in late 2022 or early 2023, and do not expect any impact on the timelines of our ongoing priority review. We also continue to make good progress in evaluating combination regimens. Efficacy cohorts are underway for our MEK inhibitor, EGFR antibody, and oral EGFR inhibitor combinations. And we expect to present updates on these regimens at medical meetings in the second half of the year. We continue to evaluate doses and regimens to find the optimal options for patients in our other combinations, including PD-1 and SHP2. Finally, we are initiating triplet cohorts in colorectal cancer of LUMAKRAS, with standard of care chemotherapy and either an anti-EGFR or anti-VEGF antibody. In our BiTE programs, we have initiated several new studies, including new indications for AMG 160, targeting PSMA in non-small cell lung cancer, and AMG 757, targeting DLL3, now also being investigated in neuroendocrine prostate cancer. Details on these and other development programs, including small molecules can be found in our press release. Turning to tezepelumab developed in collaboration with AstraZeneca. The Phase 3 NAVIGATOR data were well received by clinicians and additional analyses will be presented at the American Thoracic Society meeting in May. We remain on track to submit regulatory filings this quarter and believe the data support tezepelumab as a first line biologic therapy for a broad population of patients with severe uncontrolled asthma. We are also investigating other indications with Phase 2 studies in COPD and chronic spontaneous urticaria. And most recently, a Phase 3 study for chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps. Finally, on Otezla, we submitted a supplemental new drug application to FDA based on the Phase 3 ADVANCE study in mild to moderate psoriasis. The positive results from ADVANCE were presented at the American Academy of Dermatology or AAD meeting a few days ago. In closing, I’d like to thank our staff for continuing to deliver for patients.
David Reese: Yeah, thanks, Jay. And for those who may not know off the top of their heads, what Olpasiran is, this was formerly AMG 890. It’s small interfering RNA, designed to lower lipoprotein(a) levels in patients with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, where elevated LP little a may be a driver. As we noted, we completed enrollment in what’s a robust Phase 2 trial that actually completed enrollment ahead of schedule. And what we’ll be looking for, as we unveil those data, Jay, are first of all, longer-term follow-up, meaning sufficient long-term suppression of Lp(a) levels and our targets would be in the range of the Phase 1 data that we presented last November, at the American Heart Association meeting, and then of course, additional safety data. And of course, we are exploring different dose levels, as is pretty much standard in a program like this. And so, this would be in part for dose selection for Phase 3 going forward. We are very actively engaged already in Phase 3 planning and what the design of that sort of trial may look like. Based on the data that we’ve seen to date, one of our goals may be relatively infrequent dosing, given the duration of effect that we observed in the Phase 1 trial. And that’s one thing that we’ll be taking a close look at, as well in Phase 2.
David Reese: Yeah, thanks, Yaron. We’re continuing to look at a variety of approaches in combination with PD-1s, whether that’s in combination or sequentially. I think it’s fair to say a number of small molecules, EGFR inhibitors, BRAF inhibitors, MEK inhibitors had challenges combining with PD-1s. And I think there’s a fair amount of work out here. We are – we’ll provide updates. I don’t know if we’ll have data that’s robust enough to share in the second half of the year. That’s possible. But I don’t want to promise that, but certainly we’ll provide guidance as those different regimens move along in sequential therapy, maybe actually a preferred approach here.
David Reese: Yeah. Thanks, Terence. I’ll take the first part of that question. Yeah, the 240 milligram dose comparison study, doesn’t have really anything to do with the combinations. Dosing as you’re aware, in combination regimens in oncology, one, typically explores a range of doses, potentially of all of the members of that combination regimen, depending on what the backbone may be. But this is really a monotherapy exploration, and again, determined to see whether we can preserve efficacy at a lower dose at this lower 240 milligram dose.
David Reese: Yeah. Thanks, Umer. Good question. Yeah, the 240 milligram dose was chosen based on modeling that we’ve done that really takes account of all of the dose levels pharmacokinetic data, target coverage data, or accumulated preclinical data regarding efficacy at different target coverage levels. And, this was really chosen as a lower bound, where we thought we would potentially preserve or could preserve the efficacy that we’re seeing at 960 milligrams. In regards to the Phase 3 trial, as you note, we change the powering to really have – we have good power on the progression free survival endpoint that was done in concert with regulators. We will be able to take a look at overall survival. The power will be somewhat reduced in terms of the overall survival endpoint, but – I think, we’ll still have a pretty good sense of what the drug is producing in terms of overall survival. Part of the thinking here is well is to minimize exposure of patients to the docetaxel control arm.
David Reese: Yeah. And, in terms of RTOR or Real-Time Oncology Review, what that does is permit submission of tranches of data, as you move through the submission process, as opposed to waiting and submitting either a complete file all at once or very large chunks of a file. We’ve had very productive interactions with the FDA. And in our view, the RTOR process has worked quite nicely here. In the longer term, quite frankly, I think this is the way of the future not only in oncology, but across therapeutic areas for more real-time submission of data, probably from the inception of development programs.
David Reese: Yeah, Cory, thanks. Quickly, so we are actually studying specifically LUMAKRAS in patients with brain metastases. I think the clinical data will be definitive here. And once we’ve amassed a large enough dataset, we’ll present that. But it’s full speed ahead to answer that question.
Murdo Gordon: Yeah, thanks, Geoff, for the question. The first thing I would just reiterate is that we anticipated that the deucra data would indeed show what they did show. And we assumed that in the model that we put together for the transaction and we’ve assumed that for the balance of this year. What I would say is that we continue to believe that Otezla is really ideally positioned in the first line pre-biologic psoriasis market. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we’ve been on the market for 6 years now. We have in-market cumulative patient experience with over 500,000 individuals globally. We have excellent commercial and payer coverage at over 90% of covered lives. And we continue to make really good progress holding a 30% share in the market with really outstanding customer-facing capabilities. The other thing that we, of course, look at is positioning in the market and how that holds up against not just deucra, but other competitors. And we think that, we really are the first kind of option pre-biologic post-topical. And dermatologists have become very comfortable using Otezla that way. Payer coverage is consistent with that position in the market. And with the pending mild to moderate indication data, which were presented at the same AAD meeting, which were quite compelling. We expect to be able to expand our utilization of Otezla in psoriasis population, in the milder patient type. So overall, we like our position in the market. The way I see it is we still have to see how the full detailed safety data look for the TYK2 product, given that it is part of the JAK family. And it took 6 years and over 200,000 patients for us to understand the Xeljanz safety profile. So I think there is a lot still to be understood here, but not necessarily the safety and efficacy of Otezla.
Murdo Gordon: Yeah, thank you, Matthew. We are pleased, obviously, with the quarter for Repatha. And, it’s been a bit of a journey getting here and trying to ensure that patients have affordable access to Repatha, particularly in Medicare Part D, as you point out. I would say that we are anticipating with one exception, we are anticipating relatively stable net price for the remainder of the year. And the exception that I’m pointing out is that as we expand our penetration of Medicare Part D, we will have some drag on our net price as a function of patients entering and staying in the doughnut hole for a period of time. So that’s the one downside of helping patients in Medicare Part D. There is still a coverage gap in that benefit. And, of course, given the durability of treatment and the chronic nature of Repatha, they can be in that coverage gap for quite a bit. So we do have more exposure to the doughnut hole over time. But as you could tell from the first quarter, we were more than able to offset that small drag on. net price. And we anticipate that we’ll continue to penetrate that patient population, given the very strong payer coverage we have there with – between commercial and Medicare, we’ve got over 80% covered lives for this important product. And there are still millions of patients out there who are sub-optimally treated for their hyperlipidemia given that they’re at very high risk of cardiovascular events. So – and globally, we were seeing some really strong performance in Europe and the Americas. China is doing quite well, despite not having an RDL listing. And we continue to make inroads in Japan where we are the only PCSK9 on the market.
Murdo Gordon: Yeah, thank you for the clarification. Obviously, we’re watching that clearly, the pandemic was stimulus for many oncologists to think more carefully about the G-CSF treatment that they were going to use in order to help minimize the amount of provider interaction that patients would incur. What we have been doing in the meantime, though, is reinforcing that you actually can improve outcomes by using long acting G-CSF. And using Onpro in particular, so we have a promotional effort that I think is helping strengthen the volume demand curve. The only thing I will continue to point out, though, is with competition comes some price erosion. And we have a new competitor entrant in that category in the long acting G-CSF category. So we anticipate more net price negative evolution through the remainder of the year.
Murdo Gordon: Sure. All right. Thanks, Geoff. Let me go first on the overall price evolution in the portfolio, we continue to believe that mid-single-digit net negative price for the portfolio for the years, the right number, that’s what we continue to see what you know and what we experienced, probably more than some of our peer companies in the first quarter, given the nature of our portfolio is more net negative price evolution, because of patients renewing and their benefits, and going through benefit re-verification and hitting, they’re kind of out of pocket recess. And so our co-pay assistance programs have more drag, we did activate more payer access at the end of last year into this. So we did have on some brands, some increased payer coverage at the cost of some net price negative evolution. But we do anticipate Q1 being the lowest compare, Q2 a little better, and then Q3 and Q4 being better thereafter.
Murdo Gordon: Yeah, Alethia, as I mentioned earlier in response to the question on the TYK2 data that were recently presented. As I’ve mentioned in the past, we have begun primary care promotion for Otezla in the currently labeled mild-to-moderate patient population, and have seen good response there in terms of uptake with 11% TRx year-on-year performance for the quarter. We’re pretty pleased with that evolution, what we are seeing is a slowdown in the psoriasis patient population in the newly diagnosed patient population, in particular. We think this is a direct impact of COVID causing patients with psoriasis, not to see their dermatologist starting really at the beginning of the pandemic, but what’s happened is the cumulative effect of this is starting that to impact the patients that have passed through some of the topical options. And we depend on bio-naive patients for our growth. So we are definitely pre-biologic option for dermatologists. So we are watching that closely, and we think that that could continue to create some softness in the pre-biologic psoriasis patient market opportunity into Q2 with recovery thereafter, because we are seeing much more patient volume in dermatology offices in March and into April. So we think that things are recovering. But it will take a while for that cumulative effect of new patient softness to work its way through the market. In terms of overall positioning in the market, we continue to think that our safety and efficacy profile is a very attractive option for patients and dermatologists as that first systemic agent pre-biologic, and I think really these days in rheumatology and dermatology, physicians are much more aware of the different categories of options that they have, and the different profiles of the different classes of drugs. And I think that with recent data in the JAK category, there’ll be some speculation and some hesitancy to use a product like the TYK2, as a first bio-naive option for to treat patients.
Murdo Gordon: Yes, Ronny, we continue to look globally for product opportunities to license and promote in the world. And I think in oncology, in particular, there have been some interesting deals done lately. We obviously have a strong partnership already with a company based in China through Beijing. And we continue to enjoy that partnership and the co-development that we have. I would also say that given our global footprint, Amgen really is an excellent partner choice with our global capabilities in oncology and general medicine. So we’re opening to business with Chinese companies, Japanese companies, global companies, absolutely.
