Arvind Sood: Thanks Christian. Good afternoon everybody. I would like to welcome you to our first quarter results conference call. Along with a 9% gain in revenues and a 20% increase in adjusted EPS, I would say we are off to a pretty good start this year. This year is already shaping up to be one with remarkable changes. I am referring of course to the passage of the healthcare reform bill, which is a major development for our company and our industry. I’m joined today by Kevin Sharer, our Chairman and CEO. Kevin will address our strategic priorities for this year, and also provide his perspective on the healthcare reform legislation. Our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Bradway, will then discuss our first quarter results in greater detail and address how healthcare reform is expected to influence our growth outlook for the full year. George Morrow, our Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations, will then discuss our product performance in the United States, and our strong performance in international markets, together with a description of how different components of the healthcare reform legislation are expected to influence our business and when. Then finally Roger Perlmutter, our Executive Vice President of R&D will provide an update on recently completed studies of denosumab, in the treatment of skeletal related events and our regulatory interactions regarding Prolia in the US and Europe. We’ll use slides for our presentation today. These slides have been posted on our website and a link was sent to you separately by email. I would like to remind you that our comments today will be governed by our Safe Harbor statements. In other words, through the course of our presentation today, we may make certain forward-looking statements, and actual results could vary materially. We will use non-GAAP financial measures to help you understand our underlying business performance, although the GAAP reconciliations are provided in our press release. So with that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin.
Arvind Sood: Yes, Christian lets go ahead and open it up for questions from our participants and if you can also please go ahead and review the procedure for asking questions.
Arvind Sood: Thanks Roger. I would like to thank you all for your participation in the call this afternoon. If you have any follow on questions or thoughts or topics you would like to discuss, myself and the rest of my team will be around for several hours, so please feel free to call us. Have a good day.
Kevin Sharer: Thanks Arvind. Good afternoon everyone. As Arvind mentioned, we are pleased with our first quarter results, and I want to thank all of Amgen’s staff who worked so hard to deliver them on behalf of patients and share holders. As you’ll see when George talks, our base business of marketed products in the US is performing well and we note the continued strong growth from our international business. Arvind talked about healthcare reform and we will provide you with the granularity today about how healthcare reform will affect us. George will with Bob’s help talk about that, but I’d like to give you some perspective. Healthcare reform will come at us in basically three ways. One is costs through our marketed products which George will outline; another will be a fee later, almost a tax like thing; and the third thing is the preservation of the frame work for innovation, and importantly the new follow-on biologics frame work, which we believe is fair to innovators, it lets new entrants come in, and it gives patients and doctors the right frame work. We think that’s particularly an important development and good for our industry and good for patients. When we provided our guidance for 2010 in January as you recall, we did not include the impact of healthcare reform. Now that we can see the details, we’ve got a better sense of the probable impact and I am pleased to note that we will be able to stay within the previous guidance range, although at the low end, but I consider that a prudent move. As also said in my quote, we will take steps over time to address some of the new costs in healthcare reform, and we’ll have more details on that as time goes on. Obviously this year we are all keenly anticipating the launch of Prolia in the United States and in Europe. Roger will give you more color on that. I’m sure it’ll be part of our conversation, but I must say, I am in a very optimistic place right now. We are not going to predict any timing, but I feel very very good about where we are around the world. We had in the US a world class sales force. We retained the people we hired; they are busy working. In markets outside the US and Japan we have a collaboration with GlaxoSmithKline that we are increasingly pleased with. We are also enthusiastic about the motesanib’s potential to help people with cancer and we’ll file for that indication; Roger will talk about that. So when I think about what we are trying to do here, it’s a fairly enduring set of objectives. We want to deliver financially; I am confident we will. We want to advance the pipeline that features of course right now, most prominently Prolia and denosumab, but there are many other things in the pipeline we are interested in. Expanding internationally has been a priority for us over the years, and we continue to do that. I am pleased with the progress; and as always, we want to create value for shareholders as we try to advance the business and serve patients. With these introductory comments I’ll turn it over to Bob who can begin to talk more about the detailed financial dimensions of this quarter. Bob.
Kevin Sharer: Well with regard to Hematite, we’d like to see the Phase 3 data before we basically react to it. So we will see that hopefully in the next few months, and we never really discussed our pricing strategies, but we have great relationships with most of our customers and hopefully that meaningful. We also think we have some fantastic products with great safety and NFC track records for the most part. So your first question relates to the CMS, and it’s very clear. I think leaving the meeting that CMS would not intend to do any right away and they haven’t. Having said that, they are not exactly going to share with us when they do plan to do something necessarily. So I think its not clear whether or not they will do something this year, but we remain ready and I thought that was a pretty good discussion, particularly some of the patients who actually had a chance to speak at the medicap meeting.
Kevin Sharer: Why don’t we ask George to talk about the sequential revenue pattern and I can talk about the rapid increase.
Kevin Sharer: I want to let George give you some detail, but Steve let me share little a bit philosophically here. Healthcare reform in an economic sense is going to come at us in more or less two ways; one way is the fee. I look at that as just a tax, and as an operator I don’t see a cutting cost because we got a new tax. The only other thing that George is going to tell you about in a minute, I think it’s appropriate that we do take some steps to mitigate some of it. I’m not promising that we will mitigate in all, but I think that something is responsible towards the shareholders money and we’ve got to take into account, so we will make plans to do that. It will probably become a little bit more clear later, but what we are going to talk to the board about is a five year plan that we think has attractive performance to mention in it and George you might answer some more details on kind of what’s hitting us on the revenue line.
Kevin Sharer: Geoff, I think I hear the sense of your question. Let me try to answer the sense of it, which is, how dramatic do I feel that this new dynamic in our environment is? The short answer is, it’s meaningful but it’s not dramatic. We would still see the same basic investment profile, the same opportunities. Yes, we certainly would have done the Prolia work, and I don’t see this as having a day turned to night in the industry, and when I look out five years at an EPS level, I’m quite optimistic we’ll perform well, and that integrates in everything we know now. So I appreciate the interest in trying to get as granule as possible with the customers you work with, and other investors who want to know that, but I’d tell you, we can handle this and it’ll play out over time.
Kevin Sharer: Yes, that was really in the US, and first of all, we only lost about a share point year-on-year. So I think it shifts the general more conservative use in both oncology and nephrology with regard to ESA, given everything that’s happened around.
Kevin Sharer: Yes, while Neulasta and NEUPOGEN probably are almost two-thirds of the entire amount followed by Aranesp, then EPOGEN and Enbrel, but again, that is just kind of a rough order.
Kevin Sharer: Yes Joshua, we really don’t like to talk about our pricing strategies publicly, so I’m going to pass on that one.
Kevin Sharer: Our repurchase program has been funded by onshore cash and relative of our financings. So we are in a very strong balance sheet and continue to have healthy cash flows and are looking for a way to growing the business with that balance sheet.
Kevin Sharer: I think the way to think about it is, the fee we can centralize as a tax, and don’t imagine that there is something we are going to do operationally about that. All the other costs we’ve got are very large expanse base. It grows a bit each year, and within all of that there are various opportunities to make choices and we’ll be smart about that, and over time we’ll make those details known.
Kevin Sharer: Rachel, the discussion at the agency are all along the lines of simply getting the appropriate labeling that will provide a basis for prescribing Prolia to woman at increased risk of fracture. There is no specific definition of lines of therapy in post menopausal osteoporosis, and this is an agent that as you know based on studies in thousands of woman, has a very, very good profile. So we don’t anticipate that there will be profound restrictions on the use of Prolia. Its very effective, it’s a most prudent anti agent that we have interdicted that reduces fracture and has a very favorable benefit risk profile.
Kevin Sharer: Why done we wait until the label comes out, and then we can have the conversation that the panel had quite a while ago. We are optimistic, and I think just best to wait till the label comes out and then we are happy to discuss its implications.
Kevin Sharer: Yes, I guess there are different competitors or different competitors have different success rates over there. I think it’s absence might as well entrenched in colorectal cancer and that probably provides a bigger opportunity for us down the road, but we are still penetrating basically the more severe end of metastatic colorectal cancer, and I think team over here is doing a terrific job with that. Christian, why don’t we take one last question.
Kevin Sharer: Yes, for AMG 386, as we said the variant cancer indication is the one where we’ve got focused most intensively and we have a chance to see some of the data at ASCO on 386 and other settings, and to hear more about our plans in terms of how we are going to advance that program with the registration ongoing trails at the ASCA meeting.
George Morrow: Well the sequential revenue pattern, just look at our bar charge that we have for the various products. Well I guess you can see Europe in the aggregate, but the first quarter tends to be our lowest quarter, and then it tends to ramp up. So I think you can use those percentages roughly in previous years and that is probably a pretty good proxy going forward.
George Morrow: If I can just add, so everybody gets a chance to answer or ask questions, if you hold your question to one and others you can get in queue and ask that later, just to help us get to more folks. So next question please.
George Morrow: Yes, Steve first of all you should recognize, we are still working at the specific numbers, and that is when I can give more specific guidance on products, but here is a way to think about it, you do cannot calculate this bottoms up. You just don’t have all the information, and so that’s not even worthwhile doing I would say. Having said that, maybe to frame it for you; the curl in the first quarter was about 1.2% of domestic sales. It will be roughly 2% for the entire year, so it ramps up a little bit as some of these things kick in; and then for next year the infield looks like its going to be in the 5% to 6% range, and I think we are going to be roughly in that range as well. That’s the best we can do at this point, and as we get more specific information and square that to products, we will be in a better position to help you, but I’d say at the macro level, I don’t think you can go down into the lead time as wanting to get anything that’s particularly accurate.
George Morrow: Yes, what we’re definitely seeing is, in places like Turkey, Greece there had been some rebates to the government, Germany is talking about it. These are the things that we deal with almost every year and usually fact it into our planning and certainly our guidance.
