Robert A. Bradway: Okay. Thank you, Arvind, and let me thank all of you for joining our call. Halfway through the year, we remain on track to achieve our objectives for 2017 as well as our longer-term objectives. Our second quarter financial performance was enabled by strong volume-driven growth for our newer products including Prolia, KYPROLIS and Repatha, as well as our other more recently launched drugs. This is encouraging as we continue to believe that such volume-driven growth is a key ingredient for long-term success in this industry. Our transformation efforts are enabling us to make significant investments in our pipeline and new product launches while still delivering near-term operating leverage. And you see that reflected in our 9% operating income growth and our 15% earnings per share growth this quarter. Our margin trends also reflect the success of our ongoing transformation. We continue to generate strong cash flows, enabling us to return significant cash to shareholders including almost $2 billion in the second quarter alone in share repurchases and dividends. Strong cash flows, combined with a strong balance sheet, give us the strategic flexibility we want to invest in external innovation. We're continually looking at opportunities in our chosen therapeutic categories, yet we remain disciplined in our approach to looking for investments that will enable our shareholders to prosper. Turning to our product highlights, I want to start with our cardiovascular business and Repatha, which we expect to be a significant contributor to our long-term volume-driven growth. Our focus right now is on improving Repatha patient access in the U.S. and around the world, and with our outcomes data in hand, we're making progress. I was pleased to see the swift updates to cholesterol treatment guidelines and recommendations from four leading professional societies interested in atherosclerosis and expect more to come. This change in professional opinion is an important precursor for growth in the market. Additionally, our recent discussions with U.S. payers about Repatha and the need to improve the utilization management process have been constructive, again reflecting the strength of our data. Finally, we submitted our outcomes data to regulators this quarter and look forward to being able to incorporate them into our label following regulatory review. Within oncology, I want to highlight a few recent notable milestones. First in multiple myeloma, we completed two pivotal studies showing an overall survival benefit for KYPROLIS patients with relapsed disease, underscoring our confidence in this molecule as the new standard of care for these patients. And similarly, in relapsed and refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia, BLINCYTO demonstrated an overall survival benefit versus standard of care chemotherapy. I would remind you that BLINCYTO is the first and only bispecific T-cell engager to have done that. Overall survival is the gold standard when it comes to oncology drug development and we were encouraged to be able to show that patients live longer when treated with KYPROLIS and BLINCYTO. In neuroscience, we're getting closer to being able to make a meaningful impact in the lives of migraine patients. We submitted erenumab for which we have the brand name Aimovig to U.S. regulators in the second quarter. We have the lead position in this exciting new class of medicines, combining our commercial strengths in specialty biologics, with Novartis' established infrastructure in neuroscience, we think positions us to win in this segment. Our biosimilars programs continue to advance nicely and the quality of our work here was on display once again in the recent FDA panel review of our biosimilar to Avastin. The outlook for the company remains strong. With growth from newer products and effective lifecycle management of our legacy products, we're confident in our position and looking forward to the second half of the year. Let me now turn to David to review the financial performance of the business.
Robert A. Bradway: Okay. Thank you, Sean. And Skinner, let's open the line up for questions, and please remind our callers about the process for asking this afternoon.
Robert A. Bradway: And Eric, why don't we ask Tony to share a few thoughts as well on the payer perspective in your question.
Robert A. Bradway: Okay. Ying, why don't I take the first question, invite David to add any color if he'd like and then, Sean, you can briefly answer the romo question. On, with respect to the balance sheet, I think again you're aware that our business is generating significant cash flows. We have a track record of wanting to use that cash flow to pay dividends to our shareholders, a rapidly growing dividend as well as to buy back stock and to invest in the business. So we're optimistic about the outlook for the business. As I say, continue to generate strong cash flow. We have a strong balance sheet and we'll look at ways of deploying that capital as appropriate through time. And, David, maybe you'd like to update where we are with respect to the capital commitments that we've made to our shareholders.
Robert A. Bradway: Okay. Why don't we do this in two parts. Tony, why don't you talk a little bit about what we expect to see between now and when we have the outcomes data in the label, what the drivers are. And then, Sean, you can address the follow-up question.
Robert A. Bradway: Okay. Skinner, let's move on. We've got I know quite a few questions still lined up to go, and we're pressing up against the top of the hour. But we'll do our best to get to the remaining questions. Let's go ahead.
Robert A. Bradway: Salim, we're in good shape with respect to our biosimilars. And one of the reasons we committed to this as a growth opportunity for the company was our belief that we do large-scale manufacturing of proteins very well. So we're deploying our process, development and manufacturing skills and we're in good shape for our programs.
Robert A. Bradway: I think the big picture, Alethia, is that we see a lot of excess capacity, as I think it's two dozen, maybe even 25 different PD-1, PD-L1s that are competing now for space in oncology. So we're unlikely to jump in. We're watching the space carefully, but it looks to me like there's a lot of excess capacity right now in that area. Let's go to the next question
Robert A. Bradway: Closer to 10% of the business, Ronny, and the trade associations, as you know, bio and pharma have been very focused on this, and I think it's a program that got launched with noble intentions, but it's one that's subject to some abuse. And so there's, as you know, some oversight focus in this area right now in Capitol Hill, including looking at whether the discounts are being appropriately applied to the patients that are most in need of them, et cetera. So I'd say stay tuned. This is an area that's likely to be evolving here over the coming legislative calendar.
Robert A. Bradway: February PDUFA date and, Sean, you might just want to remind Andrew and others of the benefits we believe that XGEVA will provide those patients with multiple myeloma.
Robert A. Bradway: Okay. Carter, thanks for that question. Thank you all for joining the call. I also want to thank our worldwide staff who are busy successfully executing on our strategy and operating the business right now really effectively while both delivering for patients and shareholders. So I hope you can see from our results that we're positioned for the changing competitive environment with the benefit of a new product cycle set to drive volume growth and a strong balance sheet that we intend to deploy to create value for our shareholders. We see both of these as key to sustaining long-term growth with Amgen. So thanks very much for joining us. We look forward to talking to you after the third quarter.
Anthony C. Hooper: Matt, it's Tony. So let me get back to discussing the inventory. So inventory, as we said, we report at a point in time. So it's either on March 31 or it is June 30. So it's an endpoint. What we have in hand is we know exactly what the revenue numbers are in terms of ex-factory sales. We also understand what our in-market demand is based on the IMS retail prescriptions, which are about 90% accurate and 10% predicted. We also understand exactly what is held by the wholesalers because of our contracts with them and the triangulation between how much has been sold from wholesalers to end users minus the demand leaves us with a number which we then extrapolate as being the end-user inventory. So clearly what happens is, at the beginning of the quarter, there's a drawdown of that inventory, which we did see in April-May this year, and then there appeared to be a build towards the end of June. So what I'm saying is we ended the quarter with an excess of about $140 million of inventory, which I would expect to burn off the majority of that during the rest of the year.
Anthony C. Hooper: So I mean, it's clear to us, Eric, that in our discussion with the payers, they do pay very careful attention to position papers and the guidelines coming from these bodies. And the National Lipid Association is a subdivision of the AHA. So it's clear that they're making those decisions on that regard. The ACC, of course, has always been the grand-daddy of guidelines and people will pay definitive attention and look at how they will be actually servicing patients aligned with these position papers or pathways that the ACC are put into place. So we're working extensively with them at the moment. As Sean says, as the weight of evidence continues to build around the importance of delivering Repatha to patients who do have this particular disease.
Anthony C. Hooper: So, Geoff, it's Tony. I mean, one, we've never given pricing guidance prior to a launch. Aimovig is going into a patient population that are uniquely different from a symptomatic perspective, right. So we estimate about 3.4 million patients presently on prophylactic treatment for migraine, both episodic and chronic, which is a crippling disease resulting in mothers not being able to be mothers, or employees not being able to do their work. And our discussions have been with payers from a clinical perspective at this particular stage as we move things forward. And there's a huge unmet need, and we're busy developing our pharmaco-economic value-based pricing models for this particular disease. It's going to be a competitive market. That we understand. But our pricing will be made as we get closer to the launch time.
Anthony C. Hooper: So when we look at the actual usage in the marketplace, right, there are sort of three patient segments that are pathing to us that are clearly indicated inside the label, and aware physicians are starting to understand they're important to treat, right. These are patients who have ASCVD, who've had two events in the last 24 months, clearly high-risk patients or what we call higher high-risk patients. They are those who have ACS who have had an event in the last year or so with ASCVD. And then there's the FH population. And that's a fairly large population, and we've seen the majority of our patients coming from that group at the moment. If you look at the NRx data, which is really looking at the new-to-brand prescriptions in terms of new patient capture, you are seeing that we are gaining market share there and gaining traction consistency in terms of getting patients. When you look inside the data and you see that our abandonment rate by commercial patients has gone down to about 24%, it is clear that we are assisting patients who can't afford their co-pay or their deductible. So we're getting a higher access to patients there. So we see a continued usage and expansion by existing physicians. We are capturing about between 300 and 400 new prescribers per month, so the prescriber base is growing as we go forward. The new guidelines are starting to take a little bit of traction. Physicians understand. We look forward to the ACC presentations. So that's where we see the growth of our business right now.
Anthony C. Hooper: So, Geoff, let me take that one as best I can in the moment. So just to remind you, that the outcomes data was presented at the ACC in March. We are not promoting that data at the moment. We are clearly awaiting the FDA decision to include the data in our label, at which stage we will start being able to promote that data into the marketplace itself. We are working consistently with the payers at the moment in terms of reevaluating and challenging some of the utilization management criteria, challenging some of the onerous processes that are in place and actually working with the professional bodies themselves so they become involved in ensuring they can get access to their patients. We have seen a high level of willingness from the payers and the PBMs to relook at their utilization management criteria to ensure that the processes are reasonable. The cohorts are probably a bit too small to be able to really understand patient persistency at the moment, so what we are tracking is new patient capture early on, and as you know, you can see that quite easily from the IMS data. And that continues to grow as well as the growth trial as (55:06) we go forward. We do believe that once the FDA ratifies the data and puts it in the label, we'll be in a much better position to see an opening of access through the payers.
Anthony C. Hooper: Okay. So let me start doing a little bit of an answer there if I can, and perhaps Sean can add around the clinical data. Right, so just to go back, my comment to Geoff earlier on, around the unmet need, the more we dig into this market, the more you realize that not only patients but specialist physicians themselves have been absolutely frustrated for decades because of the inability to actually prescribe a migraine drug for a migraine. They've used substitutes. They've used drugs that have caused huge side effects, and patients are unhappy with them. So as we've talked to patients, patient bloggers, patient groups about their needs, it's clear the unmet need continues to be large. Every specialist I've spoken to who looked at the Aimovig data has been impressed by the data, has seen a dramatic potential for change in what this will do for patients on their day-to-day lives. We do believe that we will be first to market. We have submitted first. We intend coming to market first. We have a partnership with Novartis who have an existing strong relationship with the neurologists, a lot of them who treat migraine. And we expect to be using their skills, competencies and relationships to set us up and to move fast and quickly into the marketplace.
Anthony C. Hooper: Umer, this is Tony. I think a lack of inflection would be a terrible tragedy for those patients who suffer from this disease and who will either be suffering an early untimely heart attack or stroke. The price we came to market with was clearly aligned with an understanding about the rebate that would be required in the marketplace to gain a competitive position. When you look at the data we presented at the ACC in March this year, we clearly talked about the pharmaco-economic value of this product, how PCSK9 within the class, and reconfirmed that our net price to payers is presently very much in the range of a pharmaco-economic price. We continue to believe that this drug brings value. When you look at the second year data, that you're reducing heart attacks by 35%, reducing stroke by 24%, 27%. It's an enormous crack in this disease that takes lives on a untimely basis. So we will continue to drive it forward, and to ensure that the value we bring is distinct and beneficial in the marketplace.
Anthony C. Hooper: Ronny, it's Tony. I don't have those exact numbers with me. We can get back to you, but obviously a lot of our oncology business is in the institution which falls under 340B and we watch that versus carefully. It has grown quite dramatically in the last three, four years or so, but I think it's sort of under 20% of our total business would be 340B.
Anthony C. Hooper: So, Jim, the value-based process is defining the value of a product based on the threshold you set for a quality of life you saved. It's a process used by most health technology assessment companies around the world, such as the UK, Canada and Australia. It's an evolution of a process in the U.S. at the moment and we feel quite robust and confident in our ability to establish that type of range of value for a product. We discuss that with the payers on an ongoing basis. I think what you might be referring to is a bit of our risk-share contract we've actually put into place. And those are interesting ones too, where we have product deliver a distinctive value and we're prepared to put our money where our mouth is with those particular products. Some payers have taken us up, such as Harvard Pilgrim. Others are trying to work at how do they track that, monitor that as they go forward. But I would imagine going forward, it has to be something that becomes more and more popular.
Anthony C. Hooper: If you turn to page 23 of your slide deck, that's of course a chart that I look at often, which shows a distinctive movement of our market share since the outcomes data was delivered at the ACC in March. Clearly people understanding the value of this drug in terms of long-term treatment. So we have in the interim also worked hard as I said earlier to try and reduce the impact on patients who have large commercial co-pays or large commercial deductions. And we're working consistently with payers to try and make the utilization management criteria as well as the process to get access to drug more reasonable to ensure appropriate patients get access.
Anthony C. Hooper: You guys can see the size of the multiple myeloma market based on the patient numbers themselves. So there's a distinctive population that exists over there. It's a population that presently isn't in our label and therefore we have not been able to promote on that particular patient group. And we look forward to doing it early in or whenever we get in a label in 2018.
Sean E. Harper: Yes. It's a great question. I mean I think that, in my experience with these documents, the guideline process is one which is quite complex, involves a systematic review of the world's literature by a very large group of international experts and has to kind of occur on a cadence of every two to three years. And also, the result is, if you've ever looked at one of these guidelines, it's a long complex technical document designed for people who are really expert in the field. Because of that cadence, and because of the need to produce something that is more usable to the practicing clinician, these pathway documents emerged, and they are important reference documents for physicians to think about how to deal with patients who come in and present themselves. And this is the first time, to my knowledge, that one of these pathway documents has been updated outside of its normal schedule and that's because the pathway documents, in part, are designed to deal with just this situation where new important clinical information, particularly the quality of information that's come from both our outcomes trial as well as the Pfizer outcomes trial with PCSK9 have come on the scene and publications have become available. So it's an important step. This is a document that is used quite a bit in clinical decision making, and generally speaking but not always, these kind of changes that you see in these documents then roll in and become incorporated in the formal guidelines which will come out, as you say, probably 2018, late 2018 is our best knowledge. In terms of immediate impact, I'd say it's a little bit hard to judge. I think there's an accumulating weight of evidence that the professional societies around the world, including very important ones in the U.S. like the Lipid Society and the endocrine societies and now ACC are beginning to converge in their opinions around the importance of LDL lowering and the impact that one sees, both the safety profile as well as the efficacy of using Repatha in particular. And so I do expect that payers will responsibly look at these guidelines and recommendations and begin to try to make it possible for the doctors who practice in their plans to practice in a way that's consistent with these professional recommendations.
Sean E. Harper: Yeah, and with respect to romosozumab, I think it's just too early in the process to comment meaningfully on whether additional studies would be appropriate and whether they would be a good investment for our shareholders and UCB's shareholders. We have to go through a process that's going to take some time to discuss these results formally with regulators.
Sean E. Harper: And with respect to the insights into the data on diabetics and smokers, there were a very substantial portion of Type 2 diabetics in FOURIER, and about 30% of the population were smokers. And essentially when you looked at those subgroups in comparison to the whole study, the data were virtually identical. So there we did see, as you might expect, with LDL lowering, as has been seen with statins, that it has the sort of uniform effect across these type of clinical populations. Obviously, the controlled portion of the FOURIER study is complete, but there is – I think you are referring to long-term extension kind of data that is available. As you might recall, we had over four years of long-term extension data, treatment data, at the time of presentation of FOURIER published at that time in one of the major journals. And we have a long-term extension of approximately 5,000 patients from FOURIER as well who will run out for an additional number of years, perhaps up to 10. We'll figure that out as we go along. But that is designed to be a leading indicator of any safety issues that might not have presented themselves in the window of the FOURIER study, which was, as you point out, just 2.2 years.
Sean E. Harper: And my only additional comment would be that because the other agents are not receptor antagonists and are ligand directed, they're less potent, and the amount of antibody required to achieve the clinical effect is considerably higher. This results in things like loading doses or IV administration or multiple large volume sub-Q administrations required at the same time, and none of those are positives for patients. So we know we can get erenumab to a monthly single small-volume well-tolerated auto injection. I don't know that that's possible with these other agents. The data as it appears to me at this point doesn't suggest that.
Sean E. Harper: Yes. No, I mean, I think that it's the case that if we were to see as we did with the PCSK9s that have been assessed in outcomes trials, a linear relationship as has occurred with statins between LDL lowering and event-rate risk, and the agents are lowering LDL in the range of 30% to 35%, 40%, that an oral agent that could do that as an add-on to statins would be a meaningful drug to have in the armamentarium. It's obviously not going to deliver the kind of LDL reductions you can achieve with the PCSK9 antibody, but because the drugs are oral and so on, we feel they play a role. What remains to be seen is whether these agents, based on their LDL lowering capacity, and the Merck drug will be the first that I think will answer this question more definitively. Whether we see that relationship or whether we're seeing some fractional effect of that relationship, and that the effect on cardiovascular risk is marginal, in which case obviously we'd be much less excited about pursuing this. So I think it much depends on the details of the reveal data.
Sean E. Harper: And with the IL-1 beta data from the Novartis trial, I think we just have to wait to see the data to understand, but I don't expect that to have a direct impact on lipid-lowering approaches.
Sean E. Harper: Yes. I mean I think right now we're very interested in our BiTE platform. We've made a strategic decision to focus primarily in biospecific T cell engaging, not ADCs, and we do have a limited but important effort, of course, in collaboration with Kite on CAR T cells. The BiTE platform is moving along quite significantly and because of the timing, if you think back to when we acquired the technology and how long it takes, we have a big wave of these molecules directed at hematologic and solid tumors moving into the clinic over the next 18 months or so. We have, of course, the half-life extension technology that we've added to the majority of these at this point. So that is very important. As you point out, there'll be the opportunity to combine them in many cases with checkpoint inhibition. From a R&D perspective, we've had no trouble at all getting partners to do these experiments with us, providing the PD-1 and often sharing the actual cost of the trials with us. So that's not been an issue. And then the other area we're still very excited about is T-Vec, particularly now as we begin to explore hepatic injection, different tumor types in combination with checkpoint inhibition. It opens up a range of tumor types to explore, including those that don't respond well to checkpoint inhibitors without a immunization strategy. And then last one I'd mention is our CSF-1 antibody is in combination right now with Merck's PD-1 and we're very excited about that program as well. So in terms of pure immuno-oncology, those would be the ones that I'd highlight.
Sean E. Harper: Yes. I mean, as you probably are aware, virtually all myeloma patients, because of the secreted protein that characterizes the disease filters into the kidney, have varying degrees of renal insufficiency and have to have dose reductions or simply can't tolerate drugs like zoledronic acids. So there is an obvious need for a product that doesn't have renal clearance such as denosumab. However, in our original applications with denosumab, we had a subgroup of patients in one of the trials of multiple myeloma where it appeared as though there could be a harm signal on overall survival. It was a subgroup analysis that was unlikely to be real. We've of course demonstrated it wasn't real by doing this large trial that we've filed. And once we have the indication and can promote it and so on, I think the utilization that's been hampered by that concern about impact on the actual disease process will be alleviated and it should be a great advance for patients with multiple myeloma to have more access to denosumab.
David W. Meline: Yes. So I would just add to that two things. One is that we continue with the plan as I said to return 60% of net income through 2018 to shareholders and I think that is certainly something we'll execute on going forward. And I think the second point, as many know, the vast majority of the cash that we're holding does sit offshore and we don't see right now that it would be appropriate to repatriate it under the current U.S. tax system. So obviously as and when they make progress on tax reform and make it more reasonable to consider repatriation, would we then take a look and start providing some commentary on how we might deploy that.
David W. Meline: Sure. In terms of guidance, if you might recall when we entered the year, we provided revenue guidance that was broader than traditionally we would have, because of in particular the uncertainties around the evolution of the sales of Repatha, which related to this question of the outcomes trial being published as well as the ongoing litigation that's taking place. And so now as we sit at midyear and look at the trajectory of the business, the good news for us is the revenue is evolving as we'd set out for the company through the year and indeed the earnings performance is quite good and we've raised again our EPS for the year. So really, what we're doing now is we're narrowing the guidance to reflect the fact that as we look to the balance of the year, we don't have the most positive upside that might have occurred if there had been an early decision on the litigation. We're awaiting the outcome of that and then we're also reflecting the trajectory which we're encouraged by the uptake of Repatha which we think will continue to accelerate. And so the guidance simply reflects the best estimate we have right now.
David W. Meline: Sure. Yeah, so I would say first of all on – you're correct on our margin performance. We've been pleased with how it's evolved for the company given that we set that goal out at a time we were delivering 38% operating margin. So it was quite a big task for the company, but you've seen it evolve very nicely. And I think importantly for us during that time, we've also stood up a very significant cardiovascular franchise. We're in the process today of investing in preparation of our first launch in the neurology sector. We've been building out and are on track with our portfolio of biosimilars and we've added several hundred million dollars a year of structural cost to a international network as we built out globally. So not only are we seeing margin improvement, but also we'd been building a base for the company which is going to be very important for our sustainability going forward. In terms of as and when we would then look forward and what do we think about margins for the company, I would say we're approaching now the end of the period that we gave guidance through 2018. So obviously, within this next year, year-and-a-half, we'll have a look and start providing some additional views of the future for the company. But at least as we sit here today, we feel very good about not only the performance of the company and the prospects but also the sustainability of that profitability.
