Bob Bradway: Okay. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Today, we'll be discussing our second quarter performance, as well as our planned acquisition of ChemoCentryx which all of us here are very excited about. Starting with our operating results, we delivered strong volume driven growth in the second quarter, with unit volumes increasing 10%. Our innovative products performed well globally. Repatha, Otezla, Prolia and EVENITY, all delivered double-digit sales growth in the quarter. Our KYPROLIS, Nplate and BLINCYTO in our innovative hematology oncology portfolio, all generated record quarterly sales. Our two newest products LUMAKRAS and TEZSPIRE are both off to a strong start. LUMAKRAS is now being prescribed for patients with non-small cell lung cancer in 25 countries around the world. TEZSPIRE has made a big impact in a short period of time for a broad population of patients with severe asthma in the U.S. With our planned acquisition of ChemoCentryx, we will be adding another newly launched innovative product to our portfolio, TAVNEOS, which is for ANCA-associated vasculitis which is a serious and sometimes life threatening autoimmune disease. TAVNEOS is a terrific medicine, the first innovation in this space in more than 10 years and very much needed given the harsh side effects of the older treatments and the seriousness of the disease. This product also fits right in Amgen's strategic sweet spot. Our decades of leadership in immunology and nephrology will enable us to add value to the TAVNEOS launch, reaching many more patients and much more quickly than would otherwise have been possible. You'll hear from Murdo in a moment, but let me just say that opportunities like this don't come along that often. We're really looking forward to working with the highly skilled and committed team from ChemoCentryx to realize the full potential of this very innovative product. We think we can make a difference for patients and own an attractive return for our shareholders from this investment. Dave will talk about the pipeline shortly and our innovative and biosimilar molecules are proceeding well through the pipeline and the highlights of course include the really encouraging data for our cardiovascular molecule Olpasiran which we expect to move into Phase 3 testing. On the oncology side, data from our BiTEs or bi-specifics in several solid tumors are giving us growing confidence in the role these molecules can play in diseases where there are still really big unmet medical needs like small cell lung cancer and prostate cancer. Across the board our biosimilars are advancing to plan setting us up for the growth of that business from future launches. Let me now turn to the current drug pricing debate in Washington. By now it won't surprise you to hear that we're disappointed by the proposed legislation. For some time, we've been advocating for reforms that respect innovation and provide improved access to it. The proposed bill does neither. The bill will impose price controls and price controls will stymie innovation. At a time when our nation needs more innovation, the result of this bill will be less of it adding to the problem to bill those precious little to improve the affordability of medicines for patients. So, when it comes to innovation and affordability, this bill is a little lose for patients. Recent developments are no surprise however, we've been positioning our business for some time for a world of compressed lifecycles and prices and if adopted this legislation will accelerate those trends and we will adapt accordingly. We continue to believe that the world needs more innovation, not less and our focus will remain on advancing more of it. Across inflammation, oncology and general medicine, we have a broad portfolio of innovative and biosimilar products meeting the needs of patients globally and we remain encouraged by the prospects for our long-term growth. Through the first half of the year, our team performed well meeting the needs of the patients we serve. I'm grateful to them for their dedication to our mission. And let me turn now over to Peter.
Bob Bradway: Yes. Thanks, Jay. We, as you can tell we're excited about the fit. We expect our teams and implant inflammation and nephrology will be excited to have this product added inside Amgen and in terms of synergies, obviously, it's a very good fit, but we're focused on investing and growing this opportunity, we think we see some opportunities to help the team at ChemoCentryx reach even more patients and they have so far. So our focus will be on that and so I don't think we really have much more to say at this point other than reiterating that we're excited about because it addresses an important need in the marketplace, it makes a big difference for patients who otherwise don't have great alternatives available to them.
Bob Bradway: And with respect to Washington, Chris, obviously we evaluated this in the context of the legislation, the potential legislation that's making its way through the Senate at the moment and well, as you point out, this is a small molecule product, we don't expect that there's any particular risk for this product as compared to other small molecules that could become subject to the price controls implied or pluses in the legislation so again, we think this is an attractive product, the clinical profile looks really well suited to the needs of the marketplace and we're excited to be joining the team with them.
Bob Bradway: Yes, you will catch the second piece of that Murdo and I'll address the first which is with respect to Washington again Salveen. As you know, this is still potential legislation. So we'll watch carefully to see if it gets passed and it if goes exactly what gets passed. So, I don't think at this point, will say anything more specific than what I said in my opening remarks, which is that we've been advocating for reform that would promote innovation and improve patient access to it and we'll be concerned to the extent of the legislation passes doesn't do those two things.
Bob Bradway: I'm not exactly sure what you're looking for in your specific question, but Murdo feel free to jump in.
Bob Bradway: Matt, I don't think anything has changed, we continue to look for ways to invest in the business and our focus is on trying to find the best innovation and to try to advance particularly in the areas where we've been clear about our stated interest. So implant oncology and then the general medicine area. So we continue to look, there are obviously many more opportunities in the small and medium size and there are in the large size. But as I've said consistently through my tenure Matt, we feel responsibility to look at all the options to add value for our shareholders and we'll continue to do that.
Bob Bradway: We're going to take this in two parts. I think with respect to KYPROLIS obviously we're encouraged by the ongoing performance of that. And more generally to hemog portfolios, you referred to talk about the ongoing successful BLINCYTO again we're very encouraged by what we see and what we think we can continue to do for patients in relapsed-refractory ALL. But I think you also raised an important point, which is that multiple myeloma is a very crowded space and our decision with respect to 701 had a lot to do with our ability to get the market ahead of the competition or not. So, we're prioritizing on those medicines where we think we can be best-in-class and first-in-class and we have other programs underway that may be useful in multiple myeloma and Dave, you want to -- 
Bob Bradway: Thanks for the question. So it's, we've got now a pair of molecules targeting prostate cancer, actually three if you include neuroendocrine prostate cancer where we're conducting a Tarlatamab study where DLL3 expression is quite frequent in neuroendocrine tumors. But first AMG 509 targeting steep one I continue to be impressed with the data we are generating in that trial and we are moving ahead with all deliberate speed to advance that program. We hope to be able to share data either late this year or sometime into next year from that dose escalation in first in human study and then, as I had indicated, all along we would take a look at the accumulating data from AMG 160 Acapatamab and AMG 340 which came to us through the Teneobio acquisition and based on what we saw, we elected to prioritize AMG 340 targeting PSMA going forward. The data you're alluding to, from a few days ago is a handful of patients some we've seen in the similar things in early phases. I think what you need is more patients and in particular prolonged follow up, especially in this disease and in that regards on the quite encouraged with what I'm seeing from AMG 509 for example. So that portfolio of three medicines is advancing I feel actually on very optimistic about what we may be able to do in prostate cancer.
Bob Bradway: Thank you, Arvind. And again, thank you all for joining our call. We feel that we've been executing well through the first half of the year and we're looking forward to carrying that momentum into the second half of the year and obviously excited about the ChemoCentryx announcements and what that represents the future of our inflam and nephrology franchises as well. So, thanks for joining. We'll look forward to catching up with you after the third quarter.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks for the question Chris. We are obviously pleased with the very nice strategic fit of TAVNEOS in our portfolio. The ChemoCentryx's team have been mostly focused on rheumatology and there are sub-specialties of rheumatologists who treat a lot of these AAV patients. So, they've been quite focused in their commercial efforts so far, we can scale that much more broadly, we have a national footprint on rheumatology given our current in-line inflammation business and we can also add nephrology, about a third of these patients end up getting diagnosed by nephrologist given that one of the presentations AAV is renal impairment or a renal inflammation, I should say. So that's the immediate benefit, but we've also got resources like our patient support programing, our medical teams, our institutional key account managers and our ability to work with payers to ensure that medical policies in prior authorizations are seamless for providers and patients. So, there is a lot we can bring to the table beyond just a very focused, but very effective so far ChemoCentryx effort.
Murdo Gordon: And Salveen on AMGEVITA, obviously we're pleased that we're first out of the gate with the AMGEVITA launch in the U.S. at the end of January next year, we were pleased with our performance outside the U.S. with AMGEVITA where we've established market leadership at the higher share and we've been able to hold that despite competition. Obviously, the U.S. market is a different market given payer in reimbursement structure, but we feel confident that we'll be able to establish good access and coverage for AMGEVITA early in the launch lifecycle and we think that PBMs and payers are interested in ensuring their patients and members have biosimilar availability and option. So, all going well and according to plan. Thanks.
Murdo Gordon: Yes, Umer, we've been following the TAVNEOS journey for a while and I think what everybody has to remember here is that the nature of this disease. I mean this is a severe acute autoimmune inflammation that involves the lungs, the kidneys, sometimes skin and other organs and can cause permanent end organ damage if not treated effectively and efficiently and quickly and the current standards of care are difficult treatments for patients to tolerate and if you can intervene and improve that patients potential to remain relapse-free over the first 52 weeks as a rheumatologist or a nephrologist, if you all you have to do is add TAVNEOS to their base regimen, you're going to do that. So I think the behavioral change here is one that many physicians are choosing to do and that as you alluded to, that's been encouraging to see in the early phase of this launch. But the reason we like TAVNEOS is it helps reduce the potential relapse for patients by adding TAVNEOS to the current standard of care and potentially reducing glucocorticoid use. So this is a disease area that if we were doing the development on our own it would fit squarely in our strategy and so it comes in, into a strong inflammation portfolio and it's one that we think our scale and commercial and medical capabilities will allow us to accelerate what has already been a good launch.
Murdo Gordon: Yes, thanks for the question, Geoff. I would say it's less about peak testing in the U.S. where we've already got about 85% of frontline patients being tested and receiving a KRAS G12C status. Right now what we know is only half of the tested patient population in second line has the test result available when they're progressing. So that's really what we're focused on, we are focused on where is that test result for that progressing patients so that that treating oncologist can give the patient the benefit of LUMAKRAS and when they have that test is again half the time, 85% of those patients get LUMAKRAS. So we're getting a very high percentage penetration of those second line patients when the prescribing physician knows their test results. So, we are not picking yet. We've got headroom for more improvement there, currently about half of those patients are not getting their KRAS G12C test result reviewed upon progression. So that's an important thing that it seems are focused on. That's what we think we can do to continue to drive some revenue growth in the U.S. and outside the U.S., what we're seeing is really again a tale of two types of markets in markets like Germany, Switzerland and France where biomarker testing is very well developed and their clinical information systems are also very well developed, so that test is available and retrievable upon progression in second line. We're seeing very rapid lift and uptake in places where that's not quite as well developed I think Spain, Italy, to some extent, the U.K., the uptake resembles more what we've seen in the U.S.,
Murdo Gordon: In our expanded access programs where we've seen clinical utilization, but I'm also talking about other experience with other targeted therapies, you're going to see a slower uptake in some markets than you will in others because of that testing infrastructure. So, we're working on that with those markets, we're changing that behavior with clinicians. And I think we'll be able to successfully grow this product in second line and of course, if we get confirmatory data in Phase 3, what that does is it makes it easier to promote because we're no longer on an accelerated approval and hopefully the datacenter compelling and continue to reinforce the value of LUMAKRAS.
David Reese: Yes, thanks Umer. In regards to OX40, yes, no safety issue, no biomarker issue either, no change in any kind of patient subset. As I said in my prepared remarks beginning this is really driven by ongoing discussions with the FDA to explore broader range of doses and we took that opportunity to we think improve patient convenience. I wouldn't overthink it or read anything more into it than that and we don't think that this will affect overall program timelines.
David Reese: Yes, sure. So in terms of Lumakras PD-1 combination, obviously I can't say much because of the embargo we're presenting these data Sunday afternoon in Vienna. As we think about development in first-line I'd like to think of kind of three buckets of patients are those whose tumors are PD-L1 negative, those who are PD-L1 low to intermediate and those that are PD-L1 high expressers. As I mentioned and as you picked up on in the PD-L1 negative population, we're moving forward with a Lumakras plus chemotherapy Phase 3 trial and then we will disclose the results of the checkpoint inhibitor data in Vienna and outline our plans for further development in this space, I think that's probably all I can say right now, but I would really think about this as different groups of patients where the therapy will be tailored to their particular tumor based on PD-L1 expression. On AMG 133, very pleased with our progress there as I mentioned, we completed enrollment in the Phase 1. We hope to present that we are submitting, in the process of submitting that to a medical congress and we're very actively planning what the Phase 2 program will look like and we'll have more to say about that as our plans are finalized over in the coming months.
David Reese: In terms of the Phase 3 study on track to report out this quarter, it's an event driven trial, if we see behavior of LUMAKRAS consistent with what we've observed really across the program to date in advanced lung cancer, I think we will be well positioned there. The trial has 90% power to detect a significant difference in progression-free survival. So, it's very well powered, I'm sure it will be a well conducted study and so we look forward to having those data soon. In terms of the placebo response, that I think it's hard to speculate on that. The trial that we are conducting in the PD-L1 negatives as chemotherapy plus LUMAKRAS against what would be considered a standard therapy arm where the addition of checkpoint inhibitors has a relatively modest additive benefit. So, based on preliminary data that we've seen, looking at LUMAKRAS in combination with chemotherapy as what's given us the confidence to move into Phase 3 and we've had productive discussions with regulators about that trial design.
David Reese: Yes. As an area look we're guided by the science and the biology that we uncover AMG 701 what that was strategic multiple agents targeting BCMA and we chose to focus our efforts on for example tarlatamab DLL3 program where we've got a substantial lead. We've got a molecule that's extremely active, same platform is AMG 701 and so I think you'll see this kind of prioritization going forward.
David Reese: Thanks, Robyn. In regards to the BiTE platform, we've been working for some time on new generation technologies that will incorporate things like logic gates with multiple targets where either an AND gate or an or gate is engineered into the pipe for activation, the real goal here is to do two things, one, try and enhance efficacy, and two increase the therapeutic window so that you have is a little normal tissue-targeting as possible from the agents. So first molecules are moving towards the clinic, and we'll have more to say about that as we get ready to launch.
Arvind Sood: Thanks, David for the question. I would say right now in our conversations with payers and insurers and for that matter, physicians interchangeability has not been a barrier to have them consider AMGEVITA as an option and an alternative to the innovator. We are pursuing interchangeability with AMGEVITA and we'll expect those data to readout later on in the launch. So I think our incumbent position being first to launch will help whether additional competition as they enter if they have interchangeability and our expectation is at least a couple will but we'll follow quickly with our own interchangeability data. So, it will be a short period in time where that competitive advantage may exist or persist in the market. As for ABP 938, I won't speculate on what the FDA might say about that. Thank you.
Arvind Sood: Thanks for the question, Michael. I think our focus on Aimovig has been one where we're making sure that we address the patient population patient population in a way in which we provide good access, but at a reasonable in that price and I think strategically, we've been able to do that well, we did lose one major PBM to be at the end of last year into this year and that's affected volume evolution. But we've also been able to improve our net pricing year-on-year. So from a profitability standpoint Aimovig is doing better. I think longer term, it's early in the marketplace CGRP class should be growing faster than it is given that the antibodies are much, much better than what's available in the market and the older non CGRP class and of course we've got the advent of the orals, so it's early days. We're still watching it play out, we continue to focus on promoting for the preventive patients that have high frequency migraine and we continue to do well there. So longer term, I think there's just a lot to wait and see.
Arvind Sood: So thanks for the question, Robyn. I'll start with the Otezla question on how with the topical entry into the market is affecting our business. I think overall we've been really pleased with the expansion of our own label to include the mild patient population and what I am encouraged by is in our conversations with payers and PBMs, we were able to have that that label expansion include those patients in our current contracted coverage without adding any value to our deals with the payers, so we didn't have to increase our rebate rate to have the myeloma patient population included in fact, what we've seen is more and more PBMs and plans are removing prior authorization requests for Otezla. So, overall, I'd say our access is improving quite a bit without a deterioration in the race having to pay for it, where I think you'll see continued net price pressure is in our co-pay assistance that we provide to patients in affordability. That's really what we see as a dynamic on the net price of Otezla in the U.S. What we're not seeing though is pressure on the net price because of the topical entrants. The challenge with the topical entrants is they don't have broad payer coverage yet and so until that happens, I think Otezla will continue to do well on the, on the access coverage end rate that we pay for it. Longer term, I think, it remains to be seen whether these are in direct competition or complementary to the patient types that we treat if you talk to their dermatologists, patients fall into categories where they don't want to move into a systemic treatment and stay on topicals and those that are willing to try a topical because the body surface area involvement, the location of their psoriasis, many factors come into play, and that's really where we are competing is people who have already decided they want a systemic agent. So I think they're are non-overlapping populations for the most part, and we don't necessarily see with topicals is applying pricing pressure.
Arvind Sood: Yes, Dane. I think I understand your question, but you don't please ask for clarification, if I don't address it that the clinical trial steal rate. If you will, patients who are not in commercial drug treatment, but are enrolled in other clinical trials is relatively small as a percentage of the total second-line non-small cell lung cancer patient. I'd say, less than 10% would be an estimate, it does vary goes up and down depending on the clinical activity of other investigational drugs and trials that are happening as I was answering a question earlier. The major challenge in growing LUMAKRAS in second line is ensuring that the prescribing physician has the KRAS G12C test result available to them when the lung cancer patient is progressing from frontline to second line. That's the gap in the treatment patient journey and right now our estimate is that that happens about 50% of the time and we are working to increase that. When that does occur, when the prescribing physician has the KRAS G12C result 8.5 times at attend that patient gets LUMAKRAS. So, we know that the profile of the product is conducive to that second-line treatment choice. We just, we just have to make sure we close down the administrative challenges of having that test result and patient in second line meet at the same time, we're also driving awareness and usage of our liquid biopsy for retesting and reassessment of that patient as they progress to second line. I hope that answers your question.
