Kevin Sharer: Thanks, Arvind, and good afternoon. Thank you, all on the call for joining us. I'd like to make a few comments about our business as kind of a higher level before I turn the mic over to Jon. Overall, I think we had a solid quarter, as we build the foundation for top line growth and invest for the future. Jon Peacock, our new CFO, will comment more fully, but I do note the growth on operating expenses compared to last year. We had an unusually low R&D quarter last year and a few other onetime unfavorable comparisons. I want to reinforce that we manage here very efficiently, and these quarter-over-quarter comparisons are not an indication of this approach has or will change. Bob will lead the discussion of the Prolia experience to date, but I'd like to make a few comments first. Forecasting the growth ramp of any new product is a challenge. That said, we hear in independent surveys reinforced the attractiveness of Prolia in physician's eyes to treat osteoporosis for significant numbers of patients. Doctors and their offices are working to become accustomed to the new reimbursement dynamics Prolia often represents for them. Once this reimbursement process is mastered and they gain experience, I'm confident usage will be significant. We look forward to the PDUFA date of November 18 for Denosumab oncology and the AMG 147 results near year end. We cannot predict what will happen November 18, but I am very confident in the medicine. I am especially proud of our Cardiac team and the high-quality and scientific discussions the panel conducted that day. That was all of us in the medicines development, review and regulatory areas at our best. Finally, I would like to welcome Jon in his new role, and Bob's report after a full quarter in his new role. Jon, over to you.
Kevin Sharer: Okay, thanks, Roger, and thanks, everybody else. I just like to summarize a few things. Our base business continues to perform well. We feel good about that, it gives us confidence. Bob made an extensive set of comments about Prolia, and my takeaway from that is we're making steady progress and the need is high. Our pipeline does continue to advance in our many exciting molecules that we look forward to talking with you more about. In that regard, we're certainly confident in our ability to continue to deliver for shareholders. And as part of our communication with you, what we will do is conduct a business review meeting for investors in the first half of 2011. We'll set that date before the end of this year so you can mark your calendars. We look forward to being with you then. And with that, I'll turn it over to Arvind and we can take your questions.
Kevin Sharer: Sure, Michael. First question is what components of growth for EPOGEN in the third quarter? I think the single most important component was dose, and we did see a dose decline of 4% in the third quarter year-over-year versus dose stability in the second quarter of this year. Now that was anticipated. It is built into our guidance, and we anticipate seeing that dose decline further in the fourth quarter, modestly, as providers prepare for bundling at the beginning of 2011.
Kevin Sharer: Geoff, it's Kevin. I understand the question and the desire for really kind of micro level detail, but right now, let's just leave it at the broad sweep that we gave thousands of physicians have prescribed the medicine worth bringing. The insurance companies are online. As we get more experience, we'll probably be able to be more forthcoming here. But I think at this early stage, I'd rather leave it where we are then try to get in to maybe a little bit [ph] on our side of false precision, but thank you for the question.
Kevin Sharer: I'd like to note that's Amgen's cash, but yes, I felt pretty good there for a minute. Yes, we are in a place where most predict that we'll build up some cash over the next few years, and I think that anything that we do that's in the line of using that cash will be, first and foremost, a return to shareholders. We've had a strong history of that. I've asked Jon in his new role to think about that. The other thing is we're always on the lookout for opportunities to improve our product pipeline, increase topline growth and to bring us into some of the markets, particularly the emerging markets in Japan where we don't currently have operations on the ground. And so hard to say when and whether and how those things might come about. But that's what we're on the lookout for. And with Jon aboard, he'll help us do that, with Bob, me, Roger, the rest of us. But that's what we want to do. We want to make smart use of that cash to return it to shareholders and build the business strategically.
Kevin Sharer: George, you've been out there. We've asked you to spend time just kind of talking to the physicians being kind at the field level. Maybe for shareholders, you can just comment on your general impressions.
Kevin Sharer: I'd say it's nothing fundamental. These are very complicated, multifactorial effects. And so it's just a matter of experience and time, and we can more narrowly gauge and understand the affect. It's nothing fundamental. And by the time we share our views of 2011 in January of next year, we'll be prepared to address the effects for that year. But it's becoming part of the fabric of the business, and we'll move ahead from there.
Kevin Sharer: I think that the only thing that we'd leave today and I think that Bob and Jim and George all share that is you break the launch into two pieces. What do the doctors and we think about the clinical profile and the need for this medicine in a big population? We're highly confident about that. It's taking longer than we would have imagined to get the reimbursement pattern to happen in a fully fluid way. And we've got Part D coming up. I'm not particularly worried that somehow our original plan is flawed. I don't think it is that all. It's just tough to predict the timing to product launches and how the changes in reimbursement will take. So we're confident that we'll be able to help the physicians through the various reimbursement dynamics and the clinical benefit of the medicine will then fully flow to the right patient. So we're good in terms of our understanding of what's happening and confident in the medicine. And in that regard, I'd like to acknowledge the really, really hard work of all the sales reps in the field and our regional medical liaisons who were bringing this message to the physicians and patients everyday. It's really, really outstanding work, and I deeply appreciate it.
Kevin Sharer: Let's take the Part D question first. The Part D providers are required to make a formulary decision six months after product approval. We're in discussions with the PDPs right now, so we expect them to have formulary placement in the early part of next year. And by early, we're talking about January through March. You probably won't see communications until the March timeframe. We will be negotiating for favorable tier placement. We would see favorable tier placement being Tier 2 or Tier 3, with a relatively modest co-pay for patients anywhere from, say, $50 to $70. And at $50 to $70 for six months of therapy, we think that represents good value for patients. For Medicare patients, we cannot offset their co-pay through any mechanism other than donations to a third-party independent foundation. Now moving on to the REMS, we say that we cannot eliminate the possibility of further downward pressure due to REMS. Because at this point, not all customers have enrolled in the REMS program. To date, customers representing about 80% of our clinic business have enrolled and customers representing about 50% of our hospital business have enrolled. If you look at Aranesp over the last three quarters and adjust for inventory and financial accrual, one-offs, we've been relatively stable, about $21 million per week. But again, because all customers haven't enrolled, we're cautiously optimistic in terms of our ability to maintain that.
Kevin Sharer: We do think there is a role for DTC to make patients aware of new treatment options, encourage them to have those discussions with their patients. The timing is important. We want to make sure that physicians are comfortable with the product, they've used it, fulfillment issues have been worked out. And when we have a critical mass of receptive physicians, then we do intend to mobilize patients.
Kevin Sharer: No. I think we'll get back to you as we continue to broaden our prescriber base. Obviously, we'll be looking at sometime in the middle to late next year to consider DTC.
Kevin Sharer: On primary care, we're encouraged by their reaction to the product. There are no showstoppers in terms of the reacting to the safety profile, the efficacy profile, convenience, the value of the product. Right now, it's a matter of navigating the reimbursement hurdles. Again, we're making good progress on that, and we're confident that Prolia is a product for primary care physicians.
Roger Perlmutter: With respect to FDA interactions, we have proposed to the FDA that there should be a set of changes the label to provide better information to prescribers and patients about the extensive risk profile of ESAs and setting of chronic kidney disease for patients not on dialysis. We expect those discussions to continue, and ultimately, we will incorporate new information beyond what we've already done this year into our label. Frankly, you know, CMS is engaged in national coverage analysis. They have said that, that will lead ultimately to a national coverage decision, and we do expect that at some point, there will be changes. But we don't have any information about when that would take place.
Roger Perlmutter: Yaron, as you know, the decision to convene a panel is completely the FDA's decision. There's no obligation. There's no requirement that a panel be convened for a supplementary Biologics License Application. We submitted the file. FDA reviewed it and granted it priority review. A lot of work to be done on that file, and I think they made the decision that they need to do that work. And at the moment, they haven't informed us of the need for an advisory committee, that of course, they could always decide that they wanted to change that and drill into it in more detail. But at the moment, that was their decision.
Roger Perlmutter: Yes, I mean, Mark, there's no doubt, and time doesn't permit us to go through this in enormous detail. But there's no doubt that the emergence of clinically apparent metastatic disease in the bone is a great prognostics sign and is associated with a variety of adverse events in bone. We've had a lot of discussions with the agency about this. And if the 147 study, of course, the data will become available this quarter, does show a substantial effect in terms of this delay, I think that, that would be clinically very meaningful to patients, to physicians, and ultimately, that will be viewed that way by regulatory agencies. Of course, I would expect that there would be a lot of discussion, but I don't doubt that, that would be viewed as important.
Roger Perlmutter: Well, Joel, I can't give you much precision on this because we're engaged in the process of looking at set of thousands of queries where, for example, there'll be a clinical report, and that clinical report is not recorded in the data set at exactly the same time. So the query has to go out to the site and reconcile that all with the data set blinded. So all that stuff has to be resolved. We resolve all those queries. We get all of them taking place and we can lock the database, and the statistical analysis takes place. We're confident at this point that we have the requisite number of events, and I don't expect there will be any change in that as we proceed to the validation process. But we do need to answer all those queries. We can't lock the database until we do, and that requires time because it's just back-and-forth with the sites in this quick study. So we'll get it when we get it, and when the database gets locked, the statistical analysis takes place and I get a note, and shortly thereafter, so do you.
Roger Perlmutter: With respect to the Phase III programs, both the 386 and 479 Phase III programs are going forward. Of course, the work that's required is getting site approval and site initiation, et cetera, et cetera. But we do expect that we're going to be enrolling patients in both of those studies very soon. The 386 study probably beginning before the 479 studies and very soon.
James Daly: Sure, Geoff. Let's take a look at rheumatologist first. We have about 2,800 rheumatologists. To date, we think we have about 1,200 who prescribed. So we feel good about that. One reality in the marketplace is it takes time for patients to get access to rheumatologists. The waiting lists are long. So on that front, our primary objective right now is to push on depth and prescribing. And we think we have an opportunity to do that as reimbursement becomes more timely and more reliable. Now with respect to primary care physicians, clearly, we have an opportunity to push both on the breadth of prescribing to gain more primary care physicians as well as the depth of prescribing.
James Daly: Eun, this is Jim. You're absolutely correct. November 1 is the deadline for LBOs, large dialysis facilities, all dialysis providers to opt in. They will be opting at a facility level, and we do not have any reliable intelligence in terms of what their participation rate will be. But again, we all expect to know sometime after November 1.
James Daly: Sure. I'll say what we are doing right now is we're listening very intensely to our customers. And what our customers are telling us is that, number one, they do not plan to shift to subcutaneous dosing. I think the providers have been fairly upfront that they don't see that as being in the best interest of their patients. It's clearly not consistent with our labeling. So they don't see that as a behavior shift as a result of bundling. They have indicated that they are going to investigate hypo responding patients more intensely to better understand underlying causes of the hyper-responsiveness, perhaps utilize IV vitamin, IV iron more intensely in those patients. But overall, they see the use of IV iron as being modest because most patients are iron replete at this time. So you put that together and some of the large dialysis centers have publicly stated that they are anticipating a dose impact of anywhere from 10% to 15%. So at this point in time, we think that's as a reliable an assumption as we have out there. And again, we intend to stay very close to our customers.
