Sean E. Harper: Yeah, it's a good question, Jeff. I think that the data from these two types of investigations are really quite complementary. And while we will see from the outcome study, obviously reductions in events, we hope, as we all know how those studies read out. But being able to really understand the degree to which one can observe actual disease modification and regression potentially of the atherosclerotic burden in patients is pretty important information to understand. So I think that we believe that the data are important. There are other precedents for these kind of data appearing in labeled statins. The exact timing relative to when we have the outcomes data is a little hard to judge. But I do think it's differentiating data, and I do think it's going to be very important data for the cardiology community in particular to see this study.
Sean E. Harper: Yeah, Matt, I'm not going to speculate about the label that the FDA's going to grant us at this time. We're very close to this process right now with the agency back-and-forth, and I think it's just not our place to speculate on the label they're going to grant us.
Sean E. Harper: So yes, we're talking about the primary analysis in the placebo-controlled study, and so that would be at the 24 month time point. And we plan on filing it as soon as we can put it together and file it, obviously. We always do that as fast as we possibly can. It's hard to anticipate without seeing the data what kind of additional questions might be required to be answered and that sort of thing, but this is a very high priority program for us. So we'll certainly be focused on that. And I think it's premature for us to be able to talk about the format in which we would be providing it commercially, but we do feel that it can be delivered once a month likely in a single injection.
Sean E. Harper: Yeah, yes good question. I think that there's no doubt that the potency of a receptor antagonist is expected from first principals in all the pre-clinical data to be higher than that of ligand sequestration, and that's exactly what we're seeing in humans as well, is particularly you can measure that in the doses that are required to suppress the skin reactions in the capsaicin PD assays that were used by many of the companies in the early phase development. I think really what it comes down to and what I've always referred to is that this will be, this is an ambulatory otherwise well patient population. They're going to want the easiest potential dosing format, once a month let's say, small volume, low-pain injection and a disposable auto injector. The question is whether all of these products can achieve that kind of profile. It's going to be easier for us to do that, we believe, because we have a more potent agent, and so there's only so much antibody that can be packed into a milliliter. And so it remains to be seen whether the ligand antibodies can thread that needle and get to a single injection monthly. Some may, some may not. We're quite confident about being able to do that. So I think it's bearing out scientifically, but we'll have to see whether it translates into a real clinical differentiator in the marketplace, and time will tell.
Sean E. Harper: I think you may have gotten cut off there. But this is Sean. Of course, they'll be a degree to which the labeling will look similar across the products, no matter how many there are. I think that will be pretty evident as you see for example the first two labels, whether it's Europe or the United States. However, the products are not developed identically. They don't all have the same studies. They don't all have the same safety profile, in fact. And so I think that you will see differences between the products. And I anticipate that that will be true, because not all of the safety profile for example is mechanism-based. Some of the safety profile issues result from differences in molecular structure formulation and that sort of thing, which can lead to differences in the way that the body reacts to the protein formulation, as an example. And to our knowledge, we're only company doing an IVUS study, for example. So yeah, you'll see differences between the labels, but there will be similarities from a class perspective, for sure.
Anthony C. Hooper: So I mean I think the numbers that have been made public is that FMC have moved about 45,000 patients to Mircera in the second quarter, so those number of patients will continue into the third and fourth quarters, and that's our competition we're up against (34:47).
Anthony C. Hooper: Well, I mean Aranesp is clearly being used. It's being purchased by the customer, and they have a couple of thousand patients on Aranesp at the moment, and they continue to grow their business as well.
Anthony C. Hooper: So in the third line at the moment, our length of therapy is running at about 5.6 months on average, and when we look at the data in second line, the existing therapies as well as our own clinical trial, we expect the duration of the therapy to at least double over time.
Anthony C. Hooper: So let me clarify the question on dialysis. There are 45,000 patients at FMC on the Mircera product, and there about 15,000 patients on Aranesp. I'm afraid I can't tell you what the difference in price is. You'll have to talk to FMC for that.
Anthony C. Hooper: Mohit, it's Tony. In all the strategic planning we've done with the biosimilars, we have accepted the 180 days as part of the legislation and have planned accordingly. As to whether the other organizations have been supplying us data or not, we're not prepared to comment on that at the moment.
Anthony C. Hooper: Right, so I mean as we watch the marketplace, obviously as the number of biosimilar competitors come to market, so potentially it could be some more price erosion. The countries outside the United States where REMICADE has experienced such a dramatic reduction in price with the biosimilars, but generally the smaller countries where it is a hospital-based business which is tender driven and the tender winner takes it all. So it's clear that a different structure and a different process in terms of deciding which drugs to use, not by a physician but by the government tenders.
Anthony C. Hooper: So Ying, the pricing of Enbrel will continue to be a consolidation of list prices as well as adjustments in contracts we have with various payers and players in the marketplace, and we continue to see movement or ability to move prices in the future as well, yes.
Anthony C. Hooper: So it's Tony. Let me just say again, we've had some preliminary discussion with payers on a very broad medical basis. Clearly, we're not able to do any negotiations with them until we get full approval from the FDA. Our position has always been that the choice given to both patients and physicians is the most important thing in our marketplace, so we will continue to strive to look for choice.
Robert A. Bradway: Sure, Terence. This is Bob. I'm happy to take the second question. We're delighted to welcome Fred to the board. He has terrific experience in the global biopharmaceutical industry, and I think he shares our enthusiasm for the innovation that's being generated here at Amgen and for our long-term growth prospects. So we're happy to have him on the board. And Tony, why don't you talk about the progress we're making on Kyprolis.
Robert A. Bradway: Okay, Mark, on the balance sheet, balance sheet's strong. We have emphasized our desire to return capital to our shareholders through a mix of dividend and buyback. As David noted in the call, we increased the dividend by 30% versus this quarter last year, and we're on track to continuing to continue to grow the payout and also repurchasing shares. As David mentioned, we've repurchased $1.3 billion since the investor meeting last October, so we're continuing to focus on returning capital to our shareholders while maintaining a strong balance sheet. Our focus is on earlier-stage transactions that we think can bring innovation to the company that we can add value to, but we have the flexibility in the balance sheet if attractive opportunities arise that are of the larger size.
Robert A. Bradway: We're very focused. As I've said earlier on the call, Eric, very focused on executing our long term plan for growth, which we outlined in some detail last October. And I think we're making great progress on advancing the things that we think will enable us to grow and deliver real value for shareholders. So that includes the transformation activities we've talked about, the progress that we're making with our legacy molecules and the new product story that's emerging so powerfully with the five products that we've launched already and those that we expect to launch after this. So very focused on executing our long-term strategy for growth.
Robert A. Bradway: All right, well let me thank you all for joining the call. We're looking forward to the second half of the year. A lot of exciting things to come ahead. So we'll look forward to seeing you and having a chance to talk to you on the third and fourth quarter calls. Thank you.
