Robert Bradway: Okay. Thank you, Justin, and thank you to our callers for joining us today. This is a busy and exciting time here at Amgen. And as you can see from our results, we're reaching many more patients around the world with our existing medicines, advancing a broad range of potential first-in-class medicines in our mid- and late-stage pipeline, and redefining what's possible in research as we integrate wet and dry lab capabilities and harness transformative technologies.   I'll touch on a few highlights from the quarter that give me great confidence that we're on a path to deliver attractive long-term growth. First, we have a number of products across general medicine, oncology and inflammation that have strong momentum and still plenty of room to grow. These include Repatha, which was up 33%; EVENITY, up 35%; BLINCYTO, up 26%; and TEZSPIRE, up 80%. With BLINCYTO, we expect an approval in June that should accelerate our efforts to integrate into earlier treatment lines for acute lymphoblastic leukemia.   With TEZSPIRE, we'll share data later this month that reflect the attractive potential of this medicine in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. COPD is the world's third leading cause of death. Clearly, new treatments are very much needed, and we're excited by TEZSPIRE's potential to make a difference there.   Second, our newest pillar of growth, rare disease, contributed nearly $1 billion of sales in the quarter, up 14% compared with the sales of these products from a year ago. We see significant upside potential for first-in-class early-life cycle medicines like TEPEZZA, KRYSTEXXA, UPLIZNA and TAVNEOS. And we're pursuing launches in new geographic markets, new indications and/or new formulations for each. As an example, we announced last week our imminent plans to file TEPEZZA for approval in the European Union.  Overall, the integration of Horizon, its people, products and pipeline is proceeding well, reflecting the strong fit between our organizations. Third, we are rapidly advancing a number of promising new medicines in our mid- and late-stage pipeline, spanning all 4 of our therapeutic areas. We are awaiting approval for tarlatamab, for example, and look forward to bringing this transformative innovation to patients with small cell lung cancer. Tarlatamab is the first T-cell-engaging therapy to demonstrate significant clinical activity against a common solid tumor, a watershed moment in a field that Amgen pioneered and continues to lead.  Looking to the rest of the year, we anticipate data readouts from 5 Phase III trials. In addition, we announced today the development of a biosimilar to KEYTRUDA as we look to build upon the global leadership we have established in biosimilars.  In sum, we have a broad range of medicines in hand today and coming through our pipeline that will enable us to meet the needs of millions of patients around the world and deliver strong growth through the end of the decade and beyond.   Now let me just add one other important update. Whereas we don't normally comment on interim data, especially for our Phase II trial, we recognize there is significant interest in obesity in MariTide, so we'll provide additional commentary today. The interim Phase II analysis for this study is complete, and we are very encouraged with the results that we've seen thus far and with the conduct of the trial. Following the interim analysis, I would say we're confident in MariTide's differentiated profile and believe it will address important unmet medical needs.   We are actively planning a broad Phase III program including obesity, obesity-related conditions and diabetes. Obviously, we expect to carefully complete our ongoing Phase II trial before then moving as swiftly as appropriate to establish the safety and efficacy of this potential medicine in Phase III trials. We've initiated activities as well to further expand manufacturing capacity with both clinical and commercial supply in mind.   Jay will provide a few additional remarks with respect to this ongoing study. And I would ask you to recognize that to protect the integrity of the study beyond this update, we would not expect to discuss these data in further detail before completion. As always, I want to thank our employees around the world for their commitment to our business and to the patients we serve. Jay, I'll turn it over to you. 
Robert Bradway: Okay. Thank you, Peter. And before you open the line, Julianne, let me just point out that, obviously, we have a lot of exciting opportunities here. And we're excited about the ways we think we can make a difference for patients. In terms of the opportunity in obesity, again, we recognize that there's significant interest. And we provided today's update to keep you apprised of our plans in this area. But I would just reiterate, we're focused on successfully completing and maintaining the integrity of the ongoing Phase II studies.  So as we turn to Q&A, just bear in mind that we're going to have to be very limited in what we can say beyond what we've already delivered in our prepared remarks on obesity and MariTide. But with that in mind, Julianne, maybe you could remind our callers of the process for asking questions. 
Robert Bradway: I think, again, Michael, as Jay said, it's a well-designed study, and you can be sure that we review the data carefully. 
Robert Bradway: Thanks, Terence. Again, we can appreciate the desire to get into that detail. But maybe, Murdo, do you want to speak to the competitive differentiation? And then Jay, if there's anything you feel appropriate to elaborate on, you can jump in after Murdo. 
Robert Bradway: Yes, let's take that in 2 pieces. And maybe, Murdo, you can talk about the launch. And then I'm sure, Jay, you'd like to elaborate on the thinking for the clinical development of this. 
Robert Bradway: Mohit, I don't think we're intimidated about the challenge on the manufacturing or the process development front. I think, again, we've established ourselves firmly as a world leader in biotherapeutic manufacturing. And as you know, this is a therapy that's based on a antibody backbone. So it's right down the middle of the fairway for us. We've -- not lost on us that these competitors who are in the market now have found it difficult to maintain supply of these medicines, and I'm sure that's not lost in the patients either.  And we're determined to do our best to make sure that we uphold our long tradition of supplying every patient, every time in the marketplace. So again, we think this is down the middle of the fairway in terms of the technical challenges that we need to address. We think that -- we look forward to being able to do that. And again, as I said, maintaining our track record of every patient, every time.  In terms of your question about what it will require from us over time, obviously, to the extent that, that becomes meaningful, Mohit, we'll have the opportunity to address it down the road. But as Peter said in his remarks, our capital expenditure guidance for the year embraces the activity that we have underway to make ourselves ready for the clinical and commercial challenge that we see imminently. 
Robert Bradway: Yes. So Umer, I don't think we're going to say anything more about the delivery -- expected delivery device at this point. I think we were as clear as we could be. And we think it will be patient-friendly and convenient. And with respect to the quantity of patients that we expect to serve, we recognize that the unmet need here is very large, and we want to be in position to supply the patients that we think will be interested in the differentiated profile of our medicine.  I would point out to you and I hope you're aware that we are already serving millions of patients today around the globe with our biotherapeutics. So again, we're used to supplying many millions of patients with antibody-based therapies. I think we're pushing up on 8 million Prolia patients right now worldwide. So we understand what it takes to supply large quantities of antibody therapies and what it means to do that with successful delivery devices.  And I'm sure it's not lost on all of you that the fact that, as Jay said, the delivery dosing schedule is likely to be monthly or less frequently implies far fewer injection devices than competitors who, for example, are administering a weekly therapy. So again, all in all, we recognize the reasons for your questions on supply. But I hope you recognize as well the reasons why we're confident that we'll be up to that challenge. 
Robert Bradway: Two pieces. Maybe Jay can address the clinical perspective on differentiation. And then Murdo, to the extent it's appropriate, you can jump in on how to think about positioning it. 
Robert Bradway: We'll take it in 2 parts. Jay, you can address the clinical questions. And then to the extent that, Vikram, you want to share any thoughts on the marketplace, jump in. 
Robert Bradway: Thank you. So Julianne, we're pushing up to the appointed bottom of the hour here, but we still have a few questions in the queue. So we'll take a couple more to try to get through your questions. If we don't get to everybody, obviously, Justin and his team will be around this evening to answer any questions. But let's try and click through these, the ones we can quickly, Julianne. 
Robert Bradway: So Gary, again, we appreciate it. I can understand why you'd be asking those questions. As I said in my remarks, we will do our level best now to successfully complete the Phase II study and then work swiftly with regulators to agree the program that establishes safety and efficacy in Phase III, and we'll do that as swiftly as we can. We recognize there's a huge unmet need still in the marketplace, and we believe we have an asset that can help address that. But Jay, I don't know whether you feel you can say anything more specific, but jump in if you do. 
Robert Bradway: Okay. Well, again, let me thank you all for joining the call and reiterate that Justin and his team will be around if you have any further questions. We look forward to having an opportunity to talk to you in the summer after the second quarter and provide update on the flow of information that we expect to generate between now and then on the many programs that we've referred to on the call. So thank you for your interest. Appreciate it. 
James Bradner: Yes. Thanks, Salveen, for your question. Look, we're benefiting from a really well-designed and well-executed Phase II study, a study that can teach us a lot about this medicine and how it's best dosed and received. And we're seeing from these data in aggregate a broad and differentiated profile that will guide and also encourage a Phase III clinical investigation. 
James Bradner: Thanks a lot, Michael. I'll take this one as well. Again, a very well-designed and well-executed study, a study that's replete with measurements. This is an ongoing study, so we have to be careful to avoid in introducing an inadvertent bias or unblinding. And so we just can't comment on individual characteristics, but we're very pleased with the results to date. We're moving rapidly forward with the Phase III program as well as the diabetes Phase II. I would reiterate that all the arms remain active, and we haven't had an issue with patient dropout to date. 
James Bradner: Yes. I'd just add, this is, Terence, a very exciting, very dynamic area. We follow the development of obesity medicines very closely. And I think in this case, the actions we're taking speak for themselves. We're hard at work planning a comprehensive and competitive Phase III program. 
James Bradner: And Jay, thanks for highlighting the potential of this medicine, which we consider a major advance. The treatment of this disease has really not meaningfully evolved since I trained as an oncologist in the mid-90s with upfront chemotherapy and meaningful but incremental benefit to immuno-oncology therapy with PD-L1 agents today. And so this is the case where time just can't move fast enough to get this medicine into earlier lines of therapy. And so we have initiated 3 Phase III studies.  And as you asked, I'll just give an architecture of them briefly. We have a study that will compare to tarlatamab to standard of care chemotherapy. And this is in the second line dedicated patients with a primary endpoint of overall survival, and this study is enrolling. We really want to get this medicine tested in frontline therapy, where, as you must know, patients progress so quickly that a great many of them never reach the chance to receive second and third-line therapy. And so in a pair of trials, one for extensive-stage small cell lung cancer and one for limited-stage small cell lung cancer, we'll study the contribution of tarlatamab immediately following upfront therapy with response.  We've learned through the development of these BiTE molecules that they work best when they're given as early as possible in the course of treatment for a disease. That has been the case with ALL as we move into frontline. And we've also learned that they work best when there is a low burden of disease. And so the design of these 3 Phase III studies will bring this medicine to earlier patient therapy lines. And I'll say there's been intense interest and great hope in this community. And so we expect to enroll these studies expeditiously. 
James Bradner: Gregory, thank you. This differentiated profile that we're seeing with MariTide really raises the bar for Amgen obesity medicines. And the profile for 786 just did not meet that bar in our assessment. We do have a pipeline, a strong pipeline of earlier assets. There are incretin as well as non-incretin based. Some are injectable and some are oral. And we believe that the heterogeneity, the diversity of the marketplace of -- and honestly, the different types of patients that will need medicines for obesity and all the obesity-related conditions demands medicines with different profiles, and we are hard at work on that. 
James Bradner: Sure. This is Jay, Yaron. Thank you. The interim analysis, we as R&D leaders have had an ability to see the assigned treatment arms of the study. But importantly, this interim analysis is blinded to investigators and to participants to preserve the integrity of the study. 
James Bradner: Yes. Thank you, Geoff, for asking and allowing a clarification. What we're observing with MariTide and what we intended for the development of MariTide continues at pace. And we're preparing for a broad Phase III program that can work to address the unmet needs in obesity and a number of obesity-related conditions and, as you heard, in diabetes as well. 
James Bradner: Yes. It sounds as though, Evan, you're close to this work. But as you know, rocatinlimab is an OX40-directed monoclonal antibody, afucosylated IgG1, a strong ADCC. We have a program called ROCKET that has over 2,800 patients enrolled. And so to address differentiation, I'm going to limit that maybe scope to the atopic dermatitis space. And here in the Horizon, the so called Horizon study, it's a Phase III randomized controlled trial. It's in moderate to severe atopic dermatitis. It's 726 patients actually enrolled. And in this case, it's rocatinlimab every 4 weeks against placebo with a 24-week treatment readout. We have endpoints at 16 and 24 weeks. We will -- it's always apples to oranges to compare between trials, but we hope to observe and expect to observe in moderate to severe atopic dermatitis a very competitive profile with strong efficacy and excellent patient experience and tolerability. Here, we think about Dupixent and follow that work in its development closely. And Murdo, I leave it to you to talk through how to best think about differentiation. 
James Bradner: Yes. Thanks for the question, Chris. It's Jay again. And so the Phase II COPD data will be presented in an oral presentation, as I mentioned, at the American Thoracic Society Meeting later this month. And so as that work and its abstract are presently embargoed, there is a natural limit to what I'm able to share. But what I will remind, as you asked more mechanistically, is that TSLP comes from this family of what are called alarmins. And they do just what it sounds like they do.  An epithelium, inflamed or irritated or activated, that's inflamed releases TSLP and triggers what's called type 2 inflammation. There are a number of signaling factors that participate in type 2 inflammation. But then, TSLP then converges down in this type 2 T-cell inflammatory milieu in response also involving eosinophils. And that's why we often invoke that measurement in clinical investigation.  The rationale for COPD is as strong as it is for asthma. But COPD, if you must know, is a much more heterogeneous disease than asthma. And so the design of this clinical trial appreciated and understood that and built into it some predefined stratifications for analysis, one of which was this eosinophil threshold of 150 cells per microliter.  And so we look forward to sharing the full data. We have already disclosed that there's clinically meaningful activity of the molecule in this randomized controlled trial. And so please expect more at the ATS. You asked about the more broad development. You are right that TSLP is not only a feature of an inflamed airway epithelium but other epithelial surfaces as well. Hence, our interest to develop it in eosinophilic esophagitis as well as chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps. And both of these diseases are characterized molecularly by type 2 inflammation. 
James Bradner: Yes. Well, I would say this, James. Thanks for the question. We have a large experience of developing CD3 bispecifics. And we have learned over time to tune the potency of engagement to the cell surface antigen to the degree of engagement and activation of the CD3. And there is no news to share with you at this moment. We continue to study this and other solid tumor-targeting T-cell-engaging bispecifics, really buoyed by the confidence and the guidance from tarlatamab and xaluritamig. So I would expect more in the future on that medicine as well as other solid tumor-targeting bispecific T-cell engagers. 
James Bradner: Yes, thanks for the question. The development of a subcutaneous administration of TEPEZZA is a major priority for Amgen R&D in the program. We have initiated a Phase III study. This will be -- this is in moderate to severe active TED. And the design is akin to what we have reported already with the intravenous label-enabling studies completed to date. And Vikram, if you want to speak to the clinical experience. 
James Bradner: Thanks for your question. With very deep expertise here in CD19-directed therapeutics, with deep and committed expertise in inflammation and autoimmunity, we've been following this space very closely, the early suggestive evidence from CAR T-cell therapy and, more recently, this work that's been reported in systemic sclerosis. And as you noted, 6 patients with quite refractory rheumatoid arthritis is very exciting to see. And so you can imagine that we're well organized around this opportunity. And we found that work quite inspiring and we'll have more to report in the future. 
James Bradner: Yes, I'd say the same, Bob. Gary, as you know, this is one part, collecting the data that regulators rightly expect, and ongoing conversations around the design. This study is moving as rapidly as possible within -- this program is moving as rapidly as possible within the organization, you can rest assured. 
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thanks for the question, Terence. Thanks, Bob. Obviously, we're watching the in-market products very closely with respect to differentiation. And we're also looking at products that are in the clinic being developed. And we continue to feel very confident in our ability to have a differentiated and broad profile for MariTide as we develop it in this Phase II and as we consider our broader Phase III development program. 
Murdo Gordon: Sure. Jay, thank you for the question on another exciting product in our portfolio, one that I think will deliver a lot of benefit for patients with small cell lung cancer, which is a very, very difficult diagnosis with very little in the way of highly effective treatments that deliver any kind of durable response in small cell. So we're anxiously awaiting approval from the FDA, but we are well prepared and have been for some time across our field organizations. All our field personnel, including their medical teams, are trained and prepared.  We have very clear plans to reach treating physicians in very short order post approval. We have a very clear understanding of making sure that we can provide broad access to tarlatamab when it's approved. And we feel really good about this. This is a very important moment not just for Amgen but for the treatment of patients with small cell lung cancer where, quite frankly, the survival in the late-stage setting is really dismal and is a matter of single-digit months. And so we have a huge opportunity here to impact, and we're not wasting any minute, any hour or any day in our planning to do that. 
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Tim, I think we've been fairly consistent on what we believe an opportunity is to differentiate in the market, both in the past and obviously as we see the interim analysis of these results. We think that we have a broad opportunity to differentiate with MariTide. And by that, I mean a broad differentiated profile on a number of fronts. And we continue to believe that we will be able to move into the market with a differentiated product, establish MariTide as a really good opportunity to address unmet medical needs and provide access for millions of patients as we go forward. 
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thanks, Jay. And thanks for the question, Evan. We are studying, as Jay mentioned, a broad population of patients in atopic dermatitis. So we will have some patients that will have previous biologic experience as well as bio-naive. So we will know how to position this product effectively in the market. I would just -- I would perhaps use the recent experience of how we launched TEZSPIRE and differentiated against Dupixent in a different indication using a highly differentiated mechanism and the fact that prescribers in this area are looking for alternatives to nonresponsive patients and to bio-naive patients. So we feel good about the opportunity here. But obviously, we have to await data and see the readouts of the clinical trials. 
