Anthony C. Hooper: Thank you, Jon. Good afternoon, everyone. You'll find a summary of our global sales performance for the second quarter on Slide #7. First, let me say I'm very pleased with the execution of our commercial strategy. Our team is focused on appropriately maximizing the value of all our brands across both our portfolio and our geographies. Let me start with the Filgrastim franchise, where Neulasta represents about 80% of our sales. In the U.S., we continue to drive Neulasta unit growth by maintaining our emphasis on first and every cycle treatment as the best way to reduce the risk of febrile neutropenia in appropriate patients. In Europe, Neulasta unit demand remained relatively stable. But Neupogen, which accounts for about 20% of the franchise, lost some share to biosimilars due to pricing pressures. Let's now turn to Enbrel. I've spoken to you for a couple of quarters now about our strong focus on this product and about our commitment to investing in Enbrel over the long term. You may also recall that our patent protection has been extended until 2029 and our profit share arrangement with Pfizer ends in October 2013. This will result in dramatically improving the profitability of our product. Our recent focus for Enbrel has been on optimizing the sales force, expanding direct-to-consumer advertising and ensuring appropriate access. We have completed the consolidation of all U.S. field sales activities under Amgen and we've made a small expansion to the sales force. This has allowed us better coverage and frequency on both rheumatologists and dermatologists. We're also very pleased with the results of our DTC and access initiatives. All of these efforts have led to a stabilizing trend in our share for both the rheumatology and dermatology segments. More importantly, we've seen significant increase in our new-to-biologics segment prescriptions. Enbrel remains, in value terms, the leading biologic in the fast-growing rheumatology and dermatology segments. Aranesp sales grew by 3% on a quarter-over-quarter basis. We've seen fairly stable usage patterns for several months in the U.S, consistent with our expectations regarding changing practice patents. We believe the majority of these practice patent changes have now been realized. Internationally, Aranesp unit growth was partially offset by price declines. EPOGEN quarter-over-quarter sales were up 18%, mainly due to customer and wholesaler buying patterns. But I am pleased to report that we saw a 2% growth underlying unit demand in the quarter. Hemoglobin levels reported up to April seem to settle at about 10.7 grams per deciliter. Average dosing has also been less volatile than what we saw in several previous quarters. We've seen limited impact on EPOGEN sales from new competition. However, we continue to expect some volatility in EPOGEN sales as a result of the overall dynamics of the market, but we are confident in our ability to compete strongly with this brand. The execution of our strategies for our growth-phase products, Sensipar, Vectibix and Nplate resulted in double-digit demand increases for each of these 3 brands. Now turning to denosumab. We are confident in the strategies we developed to drive long-term growth for both Prolia and XGEVA. XGEVA growth continues to be driven by share gains and overall SRE segment growth. Our primary areas of focus for XGEVA have included emphasizing the product's superior clinical profile, increasing share of voice by way of more sales force focus and direct-to-patient programs. For Prolia, I am pleased with the progress we've made with this brand. A key part of our strategy is to encourage patients to initiate a dialogue with their physicians. Our direct-to-consumer television campaign in the U.S, featuring Blythe Danner, has created a marked increase in these dialogues. We also see an increase in unaided brand recognition by patients and a continued increase in website traffic. On the access front, our efforts have driven a reduction in the reimbursement projection rate at pharmacy for the brand, and on the sales force front, we've made a targeted increase in our sales force to ensure we reach high-volume osteoporosis general practitioner prescribers. In markets outside the U.S., we continue to see excellent uptake in countries where we have already launched, and we continue to make progress on pricing and reimbursement in countries where we have not yet launched. In summary, I am pleased with the competitive strategies that our team have developed and our focused execution against these strategies. I'm confident in our commercial team's ability to face the challenges that lie ahead as we continue to bring vital medicines to patients. Now let me pass you on to Dr. Sean Harper.
Anthony C. Hooper: So I think, as is always the case, Yaron, individual product movement can create noise on either a year-by-year or quarter-by-quarter basis in terms of grades. However, our wholesale inventory for our products in aggregate had no significant impact on our business in quarter 2.
Anthony C. Hooper: All right. Just to confirm that in Brazil and Turkey, we've more than quadrupled our presence based on the acquisitions. The acquisitions are not only valuable for the market themselves, but for the surrounding regions as well as we establish our presence. Having just spent some time in the Far East, again, just reconfirming that we have huge opportunity for growth from a baseline of nothing in both Japan and China. So we'll continue to focus our efforts on these large markets to drive the top line and to establish our presence outside U.S. and outside Europe.
Anthony C. Hooper: Okay. So let me just start by reminding you again that after 14 years of being in the market, Enbrel, in dollar terms, continues to be the market leader in both rheumatology and dermatology. Our price has been a significant contributor to our growth in the next -- last year or so. The markets, however, are growing fast, and what I see as very exciting, based on the increased investment we have, is the constant increase in the market share of new -- or patients new to biologics, both in the dermatology area as well as the rheumatology area. And new patient acquisition, to me, is the future where the brand is growing, so I'm delighted to see that pickup and to see that growth. As you know, we've also strengthened our sales force support by consolidating the sales forces in the U.S. under the Amgen umbrella. We've expanded our team effort and our DTC campaigns with Phil Mickelson, together with our new-launched dermatology campaign, continue to show increase as we go forward.
Anthony C. Hooper: Okay. So as I've said in my introductory remarks, the quarter-on-quarter growth is confusing. But when we look underneath that, we actually see an underlying unit growth of about 2%. We do see that H1B has settled at about 10.7% for the last 2 months or so. I look at March and April. We're waiting for the May data now. And we also see less variability in the actual dose itself over time. It's difficult to predict whether this is where the market will land, but it has been stable for a couple of months now.
Anthony C. Hooper: No, I think the only thing I would add was, I can say, after 20 years of being in the market, working together with the dialysis providers to ensure we provide optimal care to patients on dialysis, it's the clinical value of the product, it's the experience of the product and that is where we focus in terms of defending our brand.
Anthony C. Hooper: So ultimately, the success of all our DTC came -- campaigns is measured through sales growth. In the case of Enbrel, where we've been doing some DTC for some time, we are confident that they're impactful and we see the impact in their share trends as well. So as we evaluate the ROI on an ongoing basis, we're consistently looking to tweak and to adjust and to make sure we're maximizing the return on investment.
Jonathan M. Peacock: Yes, and maybe I'll just also just remind Marshall that with our $3-billion debt offering in May, there will be a sort of an effect on interest expense in the second half of the year from that. But again, I'd just reiterate the comment that we will continue to maintain the discipline of ensuring that operating expenses grow at or below the level of revenue growth. On the question on EPOGEN in particular, I think we, in the press release, talked about the drivers of EPOGEN's performance during the quarter. There was some adjustment to Medicaid rebates. It was -- I think we mentioned 3 factors: our customer buying patterns and a low-single-digit point growth and underlying demand, but there was some Medicaid rebate adjustments. And that's something we do periodically. It wasn't a major factor for EPOGEN in the quarter, but it was part of the overall performance. But dose utilization, the reduction in discounts from the new contracts were the main factors, and the accounting estimate change was probably the smaller of those 3.
Jonathan M. Peacock: Yes, we have a convertible that matures in February of next year. It's likely that we will refinance that convertible and we have a number of different routes to doing that and we'll be looking through the options over the next several months. But you should expect that we will be going to the market in some form to refinance that convertible by February of next year.
Jonathan M. Peacock: Yes, maybe I'll just pick that one up, Chris. I think what we did say was that the overall trend was driven by predominantly dose utilization and the pricing changes that we put in place at the beginning of the year. And there was some impact from this, what we referred to as accounting estimate. We estimate the Medicaid rebates that are due and accrue those on a quarter-to-quarter basis. As those claims come in, we adjust our accrued rebate based on the actual claims that come in. So we adjust as we go. The amount was not significant in context of the other drivers and we'll continue to adjust up or down based on the experience that we see in terms of the actual claims coming in, but this should become smaller and smaller as our experience of the actual claims build.
Sean E. Harper: So I appreciate the question. I think that the 145 program is one that is, of course, a very competitive space right now. And so we're not wanting to provide just yet a lot of detail around the Phase III program in terms of things such as endpoints and exact timing. I would answer your first question by saying that we really see the opportunity for this product being very squarely in the space of patients who, despite all available therapies, are not reaching their LDL cholesterol goals, and therefore, are walking around with markedly elevated cardiovascular risk. So I think it's hard to imagine why one would step away from, in many cases, a generic, very effective statin therapy if that were treating a patient sufficiently. But as you probably know, there are very large numbers of patients who are not getting to their goals despite the availability of such therapies.
Sean E. Harper: Yes, I mean, it's obviously not possible to make comparisons between these agents that haven't been tested head-to-head against each other. The Q2 weekly and Q4 weekly program for our molecule is something that we anticipate carrying from Phase II into Phase III, and we think that's an important option for patients to have. The filing plans for the product at the present is to file based on LDL lowering as a surrogate endpoint. We also are anticipating a large cardiovascular outcomes trial to demonstrate the value of the product at the level of outcome.
Sean E. Harper: Yes, I think from a medical perspective, what we're hoping for here with sclerostin is to fill a very important need, and that is for a bone anabolic agent that could be used in patients who have severe osteoporosis and are at high risk for fracture, followed then by an anti-resorptive therapy strategy with an agent such as Prolia. So we feel that these agents will be essentially complementary to one another. And imagine patients being treated with the anabolic therapy and then the gains that are rapidly accrued from that intervention being maintained by use of potent anti-resorptive agents such as Prolia.
Sean E. Harper: Yes, the Phase II PMO data will be at the fall ASBMR. I actually don't know the answer to whether we're intending to have any fracture healing data there. I do not believe so, but I'd have to check with the team to be sure.
Robert A. Bradway: Okay, there are a lot of questions wrapped up in that. And as Sean said earlier, the 145 -- AMG 145 or PCSK9 field is very competitive right now. There's a lot of interest in developments. We like the data, as Sean said, however we look at it. We feel compelled by the safety and efficacy data that we've seen in our large Phase II program. Sean answered a couple of the things that you asked in your question, so he can touch on those, I think. So, Sean, why don't you...
Robert A. Bradway: Yes. Ravi, as I said in my remarks, we're pleased with the progress we're making on our capital plan. As you know, we've increased the dividend. We're committed to continue to increase that dividend. And in addition, we're well into the $10-billion buyback that we announced as part of that program now last year. And so I expect we'll continue to make progress on the buying back front and then through time again, you should expect the dividend to increase.
Robert A. Bradway: Thanks for the question. Obviously, we're not providing long-term guidance on this call. We did provide the updated guidance for 2012. We are making progress against the objectives that we established at our last Investor Day. And we'll look forward -- we're working with Arvind to find a date that works for all of you and for us, so we'll have an opportunity to refresh you on the goings-on at the company and the pipeline and the strategy and so forth. So for now, Eric, I'd say we're pleased with the progress that we're making against the 2015 objectives, and our guidance for 2012, now, I think for the second half of the year is also clear.
Robert A. Bradway: Jim, as I've said before, one of the things that impresses us when we're engaging with physicians who are treating osteoporotic women is the degree of interest in an effective systemic anabolic agent. And so, we're excited about the Phase III trial that we have underway and excited about the data that we can generate to try and meet that unmet medical need.
Robert A. Bradway: Okay, thanks, Rachel. With respect to PCSK9, we -- we're very confident in the biology, very confident in the molecule that we developed, excited about the data we've seen. And so, we look forward to developing this molecule and helping it reach patients who need a therapy to help them get their LDL and cholesterol levels to -- within an acceptable range. So this is a molecule that we're excited about. We're prepared to bet on the biology behind it and I think our development plans are very clear. With respect to the funding, Jon can talk specifically about the maturing convertible that I think you're referring to.
Robert A. Bradway: We're not commenting on that now, Rachel. Again, what we're focused on is developing this molecule. We think the scientific and commercial opportunity are very attractive here. So right now we're focused on helping this product get through the clinic.
Robert A. Bradway: Okay, Mark, again, 2 questions there, but we'll try to answer those for you. With respect to dividend, the remarks that we've made previously, I think, are the remarks we want to stand by, Mark, which is that we're managing the aggregate payout to our investors and we're delivering that payout through a combination of dividend and buyback. We're not trying to manage to a particular dividend yield, but our dividend has increased and we expect that we will continue to increase that dividend through time. With respect to G-CSF, you're right, that is an important franchise for us and an important franchise for patients. We're focused on continuing to grow the franchise, particularly with Neulasta. We're very focused on the competitive -- of the outlook for competition for that franchise, not just here in the U.S., but globally. As you know, we are -- we have consistently demonstrated that we have the will and the skill to defend our intellectual property, and you should expect that we'll do that with respect to our G-CSF franchise as well as our other franchises. And finally, I would just remind you, Mark, that Neulasta is about 80% of our worldwide Filgrastim business.
Robert A. Bradway: Well, as I've said, Mark, we -- you should expect that we will assert our IP rights, and to the extent that they infringe, you should expect that we'll deal with that through the appropriate channel. [Operator Instructions]
Robert A. Bradway: Michael, there's been some focus and some writing in the analyst community about the increased rate of transfusions. And I know some folks on that via regulators and payers as well. And while none of us have the data yet, clearly, we think that part of the rebound we saw was a response to the fact that hemoglobin levels were dropped and transfusion rates were increasing in some places, and so, our current dosing seems to have been stabilized following that trend in the first quarter.
Robert A. Bradway: Sure, Ian, I'll take the question. We're obviously excited about the performance of Enbrel. We're encouraged by the 14-plus-year track record that Tony referred to, which enables us to have a very clear safety and efficacy track record for the product. We expect to continue to compete against other anti-inflammatory agents, whether they're injectable, infusible or oral. I think you're probably referring to the prospect of an oral jack being approved later in the year. Rather than talk hypothetically about competition from AKKA [ph] that hasn't yet been approved, what I, again, would reiterate is that we remain encouraged about the long-term outlook for Enbrel and for the benefit that it provides the patients who are suffering from inflammation. More generally, Ian, as I hope you would expect, we are very active on the business development front, continuing to look at and have looked very closely historically at anti-TNFs -- and again, oral and a wide range of different products. And as we've said on many occasions, the bar established by Enbrel is a high one and we have found it difficult to find molecules that offer superior efficacy and prospect of superior safety as compared to Enbrel. But we are and we will continue to look for ways to extend our leadership in the anti-inflammatory space.
Robert A. Bradway: Okay, Boris. Yes, we've been obviously investing, and we're pleased with the returns we're seeing for Enbrel and Prolia. But, Tony, if you want to offer any specific comments to Boris' question, go on and jump in.
