Bob Bradway: Okay. Thanks, David. Ian now let's turn to questions. And out of respect for the fact that we started an hour later than usual, we'll try to move briskly through this, so if you could please remind our callers of the procedure for questions we can get started.
Bob Bradway: Yes. Sure. With regard to colorectal, the majority of patients that we're reporting going forward will have been treated at 960 milligrams. As you may recall at ASCO, we only had I think one patient at that point who was on that dose level. And so we'll provide updates in that particular indication as we accumulate data towards the end of the year and the first part of next year when we have enough patients at the target dose to get a real sense of the clinical activity. In terms of potential registration plans, we would assume that lung cancer will be the lead indication going forward. As I mentioned in the coming days, we will be enrolling in the Phase II portion of that program. We're moving very, very rapidly and we'll provide updates on that particular pathway as we go forward. But I would say, we've had productive discussions with regulatory authorities and have a good sense of the pathways moving forward.
Bob Bradway: Yes. I think Matt as we've said in the past in general, we will prefer the half-life extended program all things being equal meaning seeing efficacy and safety profiles that are comparable to what one would expect with a short half-life or a first-generation BiTE. Based on emerging data I think we're getting increasing confidence in the half-life extended program and we'll look forward to sharing those data across both hematologic, malignancies and solid tumors as we go forward.
Bob Bradway: Yeah. There's a few questions in there. I'll take these in parts. Go ahead Evan -- or sorry go ahead. Go ahead Murdo.
Bob Bradway: And I'll just add there Evan from a policy perspective there. Some in the industry who are advocating for changes that would favor biosimilars over the innovator molecules, we are not among them. We think that what the country needs is a long-term vibrant competitive marketplace for biosimilars, and our fear would be anything that tilts the playing field. Two biosimilars might perversely have the long-term effect of diminishing the competitive opportunity in the U.S. And we want to avoid what has happened for example in the small-molecule generic industry in the U.S., where there are unfortunate market abuses relating to the fact that there are single companies left with the license to manufacture individual generic products. So we think that for the long run what the country needs is a vibrant competitive market for biosimilars produced safely and reliably by competitors that can run a fair return for their effort. And we think we'll be able to do that without having to have policies that tilt the playing field in favor of those biosimilar molecules.
Bob Bradway: Sure. Geoff, I understand that you're anxious for an answer from the courts and of course, so are we. We are as you know confident in the intellectual property surrounding Enbrel. So we don't know any more than you do about when we will expect that -- when we should expect that decision. But if for whatever reason that decision were to surprise us and go against us as you can imagine we would appeal that because again we feel that we have robust intellectual property for the molecule and we intend for that intellectual property be respected. So I think as to the hypothetical question about competition for Enbrel, we'll defer discussing that Geoff at this time. Thanks.
Bob Bradway: Yes. So taking those three parts in turn. Yes these are resist responses, which is what I alluded to by saying formal tumor responses. It is a patient niche in colorectal cancer and appendiceal cancer. These many of the patients dosed have yet to have repeat scans done so we expect in the coming few months to have a large amount of additional data at the target dose. Recall that we just opened the expansion cohort not long ago and have had a flood of patients enrolling on that. We are continuing to see very good tolerability. I've been involved in Phase I drug development for a long time now, and I can say I'm only very impressed with the emerging safety profile that we are seeing with AMG 510.
Bob Bradway: Yes. I'll be happy to address that question. So the question is around Lp(a). We've seen, I would say very encouraging data in the healthy volunteer portion of the first-in-human study. We are now dosing patients with elevated Lp(a) levels and expect to move into the next phase of that development program -- based on the promising clinical data that we've seen to-date in the early part of next year. Like the siRNA approach, I can't comment specifically on other's molecules and antisense oligonucleotides. In the long-term safety will be a critical component of any of these development programs. In addition, I would point out that something like siRNA will probably be required to tackle Lp(a) because of the nature of the molecule and the types of modalities that will be necessary to actually lower levels.
Bob Bradway: I think, Terence as I said in my remarks, we have a strong cash flow, a strong balance sheet. We think the company is performing well. And we think we can grow the business organically and we're also looking at ways to grow through business development. So we're -- I'd expect that we will continue to be disciplined looking at opportunities and our stated areas of therapeutic interest in the geographic regions where we have stated our desire to expand. But again we have a world-class business development effort and we continue to look at opportunities large and small.
Bob Bradway: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Jay. First, the European Patent Office upheld our intellectual property for Repatha and upheld the innovative contribution that we've made to the field with that product. The German courts found that they infringed obviously that IP and instructed them to – will be removed from the market. Sanofi filed an appeal and that matter is under review. Our focus of course will be on making sure that, whichever patients need a therapy are able to receive it and we think we're in position to be able to satisfy the needs of that market. But I think you're right that Germany is another market now where our IP has been upheld. As I said, the European Patent Office upheld our IP more broadly in that region. That follows Japan, which has also found in our favor. And of course, as you know, we've had two trials in court in the U.S. on the matter both of which where jury trials had found in our favor. So the IP process continues to move forward in Europe, Asia and the United States.
Bob Bradway: Yeah, sure. I'll be happy to address that. So, the Nuevolution acquisition actually grew out of a partnership that we had with them on programs that was quite successful. And when we looked at the breadth of expansion of that potential partnership, we thought that simply bringing them onboard made sense. In terms of their existing obligations, obviously those are things that we will fulfill as we move forward. I would point out that we plan on and have established them as Amgen Research Copenhagen, and they will remain a stand-alone Amgen research site going forward. And we're incredibly enthusiastic about what we think is world-leading technology.
Bob Bradway: I think Salim, we look at a range of opportunities. I think valuations have been stretched. It's been hard for us in some of the things that we liked to find transactions at prices that we think can earn a return for our shareholders. It's easy to earn a return for the target shareholders, where we're keen and focused on trying to earn the return for our shareholders. So, that's clearly been a consideration for us more than anything else I think. But again, we continue to look for opportunities and fully expect that by being disciplined we'll find ones that enable us to win for our shareholders and to invest in programs that can help us grow the company. So, we're optimistic. We're pleased that we have the resources to be able to move forward, and money is not burning a hole in our pocket.
Bob Bradway: Sure. Let me just end where I started, which is to say that we're pleased with our performance through the first half of the year, and excited about our long-term prospects, which we think are driven in large part by what we think will be unit volume gains across a number of our important products, and excited as well about our innovative pipeline and the prospect of branded biosimilars adding to our top line. And let me just finally thank our Amgen staff around the world, who continue to help us deliver on our mission to serve patients while remaining focused on driving value for our shareholders.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. So I don't have the exact timing for you Ronny but we're not seeing a whole lot of resistance in the market initially to the conversations we're having with payers, hospitals and providers. We're seeing good response to KANJINTI and MVASI and we feel good about our ability to compete with the presentations we have in the market right now. And then on Neulasta, we continue to see the effects of biosimilar competition as we had anticipated. We are seeing an uptick of biosimilars in the 340B channel. We're also seeing a stronger performance of biosimilars in business that we have not contracted. So again that is as we would have expected. But we're also seeing strong performance of Onpro on a unit basis quarter-over-quarter holding in a majority of accounts. And that's something that we had hoped to see by now and we're feeling good that that continues to happen. And overall, I think it's recognized in the market that the ability for Amgen to supply high-quality reliability on our overall long-acting filgrastim business is being appreciated and continuing to support that franchise.
Murdo Gordon: Thank you. Yeah. Evan, thank you. I mean the gist of your question seemed to surround the viability of the biosimilar market in the U.S. and I think in two parts, we are seeing a very healthy competitive biosimilar market evolve. We're experiencing competition on Neulasta and we anticipate being able to compete effectively with our new biosimilar launches with both MVASI and KANJINTI. I think competitively where Amgen differentiates is in the fact that we have four decades of high-quality reliable supply in the market. We are able to offer physician and patient educational services and reimbursement support. And we're also able to cover many of these customers, who will be making treatment decisions using our biosimilars given our strong history and experience in the oncology sector. I also think that the dynamics on pricing and competition while fluid are less of a barrier than they once were. And I think that we'll continue to see deeper and deeper penetration of biosimilars against originator products in the U.S. in the future. And I will just remind you that we have many years of experience now outside of the U.S. in Europe in biosimilars and I think the market in Europe started slow and has since become a very mature, very attractive market for biosimilars manufacturers.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks. And if I can just jump in to close Ronny Gal's earlier question. The FDA action date on KANJINTI 150 milligrams SKU is October 28, 2019.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thanks, Kennen. The trends that we're seeing are a function of obviously having now two competition -- two competitors in the market. And since the advent of the second competitor we've seen -- clearly seen more volume erosion and more price erosion. We are assuming that we could still see an additional competitor this year. And I would say that the current trends on the prefilled syringe will continue and we may see some price pressure on Onpro. What we are seeing with Onpro is stable unit evolution quarter-on-quarter and that makes us feel good about the differentiation that Onpro provides both physicians and patients and the convenience and persistency that it offers. I think looking forward we continue to think that this is going to be a competitive biosimilar place – space.
Murdo Gordon: Okay. So Alethia maybe I can start with the Repatha question, and then I'll turn it over to Dave. As you know, the PCSK9 market is a competitive one. And given that competition last year, there were payer negotiations and contracts that occurred, and since then some commercial access improvements have been realized. I would say that, our reduction of the – our introduction of the low list price Repatha in October of last year was to try to improve the Medicare Part D reimbursement, and we recognized at the time that we were off-cycle or mid-cycle in the normal process by which PBMs and other payers produce their Part D benefit designs. And so while we had hoped that some payers and PBMs would move quickly to add low list price Repatha to Medicare Part D formularies at a fixed co-pay that has not transpired. So we are optimistic that we will be able to make a significant improvement in Medicare Part D fixed co-pay listings for Repatha as we enter the 2020 Medicare Part D formulary benefit year, and we will know that in the fourth quarter.
David Reese: Sure. So let me take both of those questions in turn Yaron. In terms of solubility, I would say broadly we've been very happy with the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic profile of the drug. And again to remind everyone with a covalent inhibitor, the key is really to maintain exposures above a target level for a period of time that is adequate to poison the target through a dosing interval. And based on what we've seen in the clinic to date now across several dozen patients gives us the confidence that we've got a very attractive pharmacokinetic profile. In terms of colorectal cancer, obviously, combinations will be of great interest going forward, I would say potentially both with immunotherapeutic agents and additional targeted therapies. And as that program moves forward, we'll provide additional guidance a little later in the year and early into next year.
David Reese: Yeah, thanks Mike. Yeah, in terms of durability as I mentioned, we will be presenting a clinical update at the World Lung Conference in September. But I would say that to-date we've been favorably impressed with potential durability. We have to all recall that it's early days and many of these patients have been recently enrolled on trials, so we'll gain further insight into durability as time goes on. But at least, to-date we are not seeing for example the rapid emergence of resistance. In the PD-1 combinations, we have what I think are very strong preclinical data suggesting potential synergistic interactions between KRAS inhibition and checkpoint inhibition, probably due to enhanced immune infiltration and up-regulation of Class I MHC on tumor cells. And our goal with that kind of combination would of course be very long-lasting durable remissions.
David Reese: Great. And in terms of dosing in colorectal cancer beyond 960 milligrams, as I mentioned we've enrolled right now a fair number of patients at that target dose. I think we'll look for insights from that cohort. It remains early in this development program. And with these drugs of course, there is often tweaking of dosing and scheduling as you go along. But I would say that at this point 960 is our target dose. We will assess emerging data to see if we want to explore some other doses and schedules going forward. Why don’t we take two last questions, Ian, and then we’ll wrap-up.
