Sean Harper: Thanks, Tony, good afternoon. 2014 is a data rich year for us and more optimally exciting start. The reception by cardiologists and [lymphoid] experts to our pivotal Phase III evolocumab studies at The American College of Cardiology was remarkable. The data themselves coupled with the flexibility of every two week and monthly delivery options were overwhelmingly [views] positive. In addition positive results from our Phase II evolocumab study in Japanese patients were recently presented at Japan Circulation Society. We are working diligently on our 2014 evolocumab global filing packages including the U.S. submission. Further within our cardiovascular portfolio, FDA recently granted fast track status to ivabradine in chronic heart failure and we are on track to make this submission in 2Q. Together, these two innovative molecules evolocumab and dyslipidemia now fabricating chronic heart failure represent very meaningful potential value to patients at cardiovascular risk. Turning to our oncology programs, we continue to look forward to new Kyprolis data including a review by an independent data monitoring committee of an interim analysis of the ASPIRE study in relapsed multiple myloma patients and the final analysis of the FOCUS study in relapsed refractory multiple myloma. In both of these event driven studies, making precise estimates of the timing of the analysis is quite challenging. Our best estimates are that one or both of these analysis could occur in 2Q although either of these analysis could instead occur in 3Q. Our immunooncology programs continue to advance. In 2013 we reported that our Phase III TVEC study in metastatic melanoma met its durable response rate primary endpoint. We recently announced that with the p value of 0.51 we narrowly miss the statistical significance on the secondary endpoint of overall survival, a pretty strong result given that the study was not statistically [paddling] for survival. These data will be presented at ASCO and we are currently reviewing the results with clinicians, regulators and payers to determine the best course forward. In addition, we continue to believe that there is an opportunity for T-VEC to primary immune system with checkpoint inhibitors. We’re currently investigating T-VEC in combination with ipilimumab or Yervoy in a Phase 1b2 metastatic melanoma study the 1b portion will be presented at ASCO this year. Moving forward with our collaborative efforts with Merck on PD-1 antagonism and exploring other such collaborations. We also recently reviewed the Blinatumomab confirmatory Phase 2 results in relapsed/refractory adult acute lymphoblastic leukemia. These data which will also be presented at ASCO continue to support a positive benefit risk profile in these patients who have exhausted other therapeutic options. We’re therefore initiating discussions with regulators on the potential for filing based on these data. Our psoriasis program for Brodalumab, which we’re developing with our partners with AstraZeneca/Medimmune, consists of three Phase 3 studies, one placebo controlled and two head-to-head studies comparing to ustekinumab or STELARA. We expect to see the data from the placebo controlled study in the second quarter with the other two studies moving out during the course of the year. We look forward to seeing into the programs and we hope it would be not only remarkable efficacy but also paramount important to psoriasis a strong safety profile. I am also pleased to announce that we’ve initiated our Phase 3 program psoriatic arthritis. As you may recall we’ve developed the only monoclonal antibody antagonist of the CGRFP receptor in the clinic AMG 334 which has demonstrated a potent ability to block this access in humans. We therefore move directly into Phase 2b dose ranging studies in the setting of migraine prophylaxis with what we feel is the most optimal mortality of receptor antagonism using the monoclonal antibody. We expect to see the results of our episodic migraine Phase IIb study by the end of this year and the results of our recently initiated chronic migraine Phase IIb dose ranging for [psoriatic] next year. Finally I would like to take a moment to thank my colleagues in R&D and many other parts of the company for helping to make possible the data flow we're experiencing this year to help patients in these. Bob.
Sean Harper: Yes, I will take the first part. Yes, I think this is clearly an evolving situation which we assess on an ongoing basis, our interactions with regulators as well as where the program stands or with respect to the accumulation of the weight of evidence required for a file. And all around I think at this point, we have a good degree of confidence in our ability to file this year including the United States. So that’s why we're making that statement. Tony would you want to -- from a medical perspective it’s clear to me that there are individuals who have a high cardiovascular risk residual despite the use of existing therapies, particularly [statin], either despite full dose intensive statin therapy they still have a modifiable risk factor in elevated LDL or they are unable to be subjected to a intensive or even moderate intensity statin regim. And it is clear to me that those patients are viewed by the physicians that I talk to as patients who would be appropriate for a therapy like evolocumab, even prior to the availability of outcomes data. So, from just a pure medical doctor to doctor interaction, that's the sense I get, there is a real patient population out there indeed.
Sean Harper: Yes. We are quite pleased with the outcome study enrollment. This study is very adequately powered to detect an affect side that would be clinically relevant to patients and to physicians’ arm and this of course is a product that we think has great potential. So, we spread (inaudible) on the design of the trial. There is no interim analysis, formal interim analysis outcome study thus far.
Sean Harper: I think it's always tempting when we see these events driven studies take longer than as expected through the original kind of estimates that are may to read into that. That there is something going on that the therapeutic is having a bigger effect than what's anticipated and what have you. And I sort of learned through experience that's not a wise thing to do generally that whatever is going on with the kinetics of collecting last events that are necessary to do these studies, which is at this point we're talking about single-digit number, that's coming in for month and it can be quite to catch that month in both the studies. This is fairly typical that these studies grew up to their final numbers. So, I don’t think it’s wise to try to read anything scientifically into that around whether the agents are having the desired effect or not in the trials.
Sean Harper: Yes, on the oprozomib, yes, I mean with oprozomib we are in still in early stages and with this product we now can have GI toxicity at some doses. And so we are developing the product with that in mind working on formulations, working on dosing schedule to try and make sure we can deliver the greatest therapeutic benefit without having any tolerable GI safety profile. So that’s kind of the name of the game with developing an oral version of this class drug.
Sean Harper: Yes. And with respect to reading again anything through from the time it takes to accrue the last of these events and these types of trials, it is very difficult for me to read anything through scientifically that would project anything about the design or strategy of having the head-to-head studies with Velcade. I think that those will remain kind of unrelated in my mind.
Sean Harper: No, I don’t, I think it’s relatively unlikely that we’ll see anything from these two studies that would change what we’re doing in head to head studies. And they are moving along right now at considerable pace and changing the designs would be potentially challenging to do at this point anyway. But I don’t, I would doubt that the results would warrant that.
Sean Harper: Yes, so I think probably with focus you’re looking at Kyprolis mono therapy against a combination therapy as some older drugs that are not used as frequently these days but do represent kind of standard of care in many of the European countries. And that is one picture, the other picture is of course you are taking Kyprolis and you are adding it on top of Rev-Dex and comparing it to Rev-Dex alone. So I suppose I would say that the ASPIRE study is the one that is mostly likely to have a positive result, because we know what happens if we put Velcade on top of Rev-Dex, you get a pretty reasonable additional clinical benefit. So from the scientific perspective that would be how I’d look at that. We do believe that the ASPIRE study will stand alone in leading to an indication for the population that it's stays. It won't cover the later line type patients who would be the subject of FOCUS. But we do believe that in Europe it will stand alone, PSF is very low accepted surrogate endpoint in this particular type of malignancy.
Sean Harper: Yes. And again with the situation with these trials again you know when we make these, these are event driven studies and always when we make these estimates of when we expect the events to accrue there is pretty big component around that and as you get closer they narrow. But then as you get towards the end, it becomes really again very -- so you might have one month you will have nine events, the next month you have two then you have seven then you have one. It’s that kind of thing where drawing a projection from those kind of data is very difficult. I don’t think there is what I have learned over the years 20 years of doing this is you can speculate a lot when you are blinded to this kind of thing and say well all this could be happen because the treatment effect of the drug is bigger or the control arm is doing better or the base line population is just sicker or less sick than you expect, but you actually have no way of figuring out that based on a blinded situation that we are in. And I think it’s just, you just have wait to get the data. It’s frustrating I know, but you just have to wait and to look the data when we get it.
Sean Harper: So, first of all I don’t know where that information comes from because it’s difficult for anybody to know what the average LDL level is accruing in these trials by running individual studies centers and lab theaters may have their own individual experiences. But in general what you want to be doing here is targeting people who are still well above the range of the sort of 70 or below that are still the target that people are looking for even the new guidelines that are not suppose to be target based mentioned repeatedly 70 and the reason for 70 is largely because when you get below 70 you start to seeing the reversal of that (inaudible) is relevant just hoping it’s progression. So the question of whether I mean certainly in absolute terms as you begin to go lower and lower in LDL the absolute amount of benefit that you’d expect to gain with (inaudible) for example does go down. But in percentage terms it’s been maintained as far as it’s been possible to push LDL. And then large outcome studies with intensive therapy there as you might imagine is the big bell curve of response in terms of LDL lowering and the lower end of that bell curve, the tail of that bell curve those individuals get push down quite low in terms of LDL. And those individuals appear for us to have to the extent that you can make these assessments in a subgroup like that they appear to have the same degree of benefit and they appear not to suffer any adverse effects. Certainly the genetic data all suggest strongly in humans that there would not be a breakdown this relationship between LDL and outcomes or that the safety would be problematic because it is clear humans can have a very low LDL levels and be just fine most of us are born just to remind you with LDL levels in the 20s and they climb over time with diet, so on. So, I think we’re exploring new frontiers here, push LDL levels down to and test whether the lower is better, hypothesis continues to be true as you get into uncharted water. My prediction is that it will, but we have to generate the data to see.
Sean Harper: Joel with respect to buybacks, we’re not expecting any major activity this year. But again cash flow growth was attractive in the first quarter and we'll continue to look for ways to return that to our shareholders as appropriate through a mix of dividend growth and buybacks.
Sean Harper: Yes. So T-VEC, we really are fresh with the data and I think that there is little question that we could file, the questions we have to understand more about the product in its current form with the formulation and the data that we have in hand from a single study in monotherapy with physicians, regulators, payers and figure out what the best way to proceed is. We have a lot of sense of value to this product over time as an important potentially kind of cornerstone therapy and immuno-therapy. So we want to make sure that we proceed in the best way possible for this from a long term view stance. With blinatumomab, we clearly feel at this point that the data set that we’ve generated is worthy of consideration for the filing data we have in hand for filing an approval and that’s the discussion we are begging to have with regulators is around data set that we actually have in hand. Now that said, of course we’re always stimulating more data. As you might the recall, we actually started a randomized control Phase III in the same population and that will be accruing and we have pediatric program et cetera, et cetera. So all of those data continue to accrue and all of that information would be submitted in the filing whenever we determine that data cut-off date.
Bob Bradway: Okay. Thank you, Sean. Marvin why don’t we open up the call to questions and would you please remind our listeners to the process for the Q&A.
Bob Bradway: Thank you, Matthew. I think yes you should assume that you will see sort of this run rate and Enbrel dropped to the bottom-line offset by the Onyx expenses.
Bob Bradway: Yes. So there are not the sort of the validation for this particular drug target is less from human genetics and more from the works that’s been done with small molecule receptor antagonist. And now reportedly by a couple of the [ligand] sequestering antibodies where we haven’t seen detailed data, but there has been releases of positive results of that kind of have a reverse pharmacology level of human validation of the target. With respect to an antibody that locks the receptor, we’re fairly well in the lead. We have the only antibody locking receptor it’s very difficult very difficult to engineer. In the case of just any antibody, I would say that I think we're in a very strong position right now to potentially make it first to market then at the antibodies, but that’s a little hard to say when you are still at the Phase 2.
Bob Bradway: Sure Geoff, as you would expect, we continually review things that we can do to drive shareholder value and that’s absolutely what we are focused on. We continue to believe that the strategy that we're following is the one that will enable us to drive most value for our shareholders and that obviously includes executing against the innovative programs in our pipeline and we talked about a few high profile programs here on this call already and continuing to advance our similar programs and we have six programs that we think we're competitively positioned for that we begin to launch in 2017. And of course international expansion we think is opportunity for further growth process well. So, we're focus on executing our strategy, but we obviously pay close attention what’s going on in our industry and we continue to look for opportunities that may offer us a chance to drive incremental value for our shareholders.
Bob Bradway: All right. We may take these questions in two parts, I think there is a piece of the first question for Sean on the time tables in FOCUS and ASPIRE, I think Tony you can talk about really the earlier lines of patients.
Bob Bradway: Sharing a lot of data with you there Mark but fundamentally we think the demand is intact for Enbrel and rest of base business. Okay let’s go to the next question.
Bob Bradway: Okay. Why don’t we take that in two parts, Joe. Tony has talked about inventory, but let’s go back through for him.
Bob Bradway: Well thanks for dialing in. Arvind will be around to take questions that you didn’t get anything on the call. We appreciate your interest. Thanks.
Tony Hooper: So, the only thing I would add to for sure just is that we have physicians talking about patients in three buckets. Obviously the [FX] patients are the unique subpopulation. And then secondly, the high risk patients, and the high risk patients those are either contact statin or can no longer tolerate to statin or those were on statin but not yet at the global level. So those continue to be the areas, physicians see this drugs will bring the greater (inaudible) truly against all around high risk cardiovascular patients.
Tony Hooper: The acquisition looks like it was about $200 million acquisition obviously broken into the quarters. The quarters tend to trend sort of about 25% each, I think the first quarter was slightly lighter than that normal 25% and above 23%.
Tony Hooper: Well, as I said, we have (inaudible) in the marketplace competing against NEUPOGEN in the U.S. and we have long acting competition in Europe. We haven’t seen huge impact from them, but of course there was a small impact, yes.
Tony Hooper: So as I said, with NEUPOGEN we have GRANIX in the market from Teva they’ve been in the market from late last year. We have seen a nominal impact from the product in the marketplace. As regards to Enbrel, we think only exit inventory is not being worked out system and as I said, (inaudible) the NRXs those are showing double-digit growth as they go from quarter-to-quarter.
Tony Hooper: We were excited about this program, Josh and excited about the early data, but as was the case we were locking out, we wanted to just keep our head down and keep executing against the program and it looks exciting to us, but with the competitive profile, here is not completely transparent.
Tony Hooper: And then my comment about the next infection that has no hidden meaningful at all, we’d always assume that the ASPIRE data would give us the second line indication in the U.S. first which will be followed our launches outside the U.S. because we have to post registration, negotiate pricing.
Tony Hooper: Okay. So starting Kyprolis, I think the Onyx team going through the transition and the acquisition has a done a superb job in maintaining focus and keeping the people’s attention locked to the business. We continue as we speak now to be the number one drug of choice for third line which is exactly where the label is. Our market share in this particular indication, we estimate to be at least double that of our nearest competitor. So in terms of our ability to deliver value linked to label, we have continued to deliver what we expected. We continue to believe in drug that this particular class will be the backbone of the treatment to this disease and we look forward to expanding the label with the second line and perhaps the first line data. Let me go back to Enbrel. Enbrel, as you know what happened was clearly an additional buy in because we’re shipping biologic, we want to make sure that the product will reach the customer within 48 hours, so that we will be very careful about when we ship product. The snow delayed some shipments, we held them back and there was an additional demand from wholesalers, about $120 million that took place in the last week of 2013, the majority of that was Enbrel. When I look at the end market data to-date in fact, I see growth in both rheumatology and in the dermatology business. To me, I look at the NRX that has been a predictor of how the business is growing in this particular area for Enbrel, NRX is at about 35% of total TRXs. And I do see a distinctive growth between the fourth quarter and the first quarter. So although the first quarter exactly looks more than the fourth quarter, I see a 14% growth in rheumatology and an 11% growth quarter-on-quarter in dermatology.
Tony Hooper: Geoff, thanks for the question. When we look at our business, we’re looking to read in market demand; we do see positive growth between the fourth quarter 2013 and the first quarter of 2014, yes. It’s low single-digit growth.
Tony Hooper: So, there were a couple of things, I mean one the final level for (inaudible) was slightly different to what was in visits when we first did the negotiation. So it’s a slightly more focused target audience we call on [demand]. Number two, we have been very successful on our own in developing strong markets here for the product and truly working in a partnership not as effective as [digging] ourselves. So we truly believe that the clear focus by ourselves results supporting on the defined targeted audience and have the ability to pick up and to grow this business more effectively. Secondly that will then result in us having a broader footprint in this particularly area. The progress acquisition gave us rights in quite a large number of countries around the world, but predominantly increased the size of our businesses in the Middle East, Russia Latin America, Mexico and South East Asia those were the big ones.
Tony Hooper: So let me take that inventory question first. When we look at the average days on hand for 2013 they already fall around 13 days. So, we don’t think the 13 days is going to be changing much as we go forward that should be up average days as we expect them.
Tony Hooper: Chris, this is Tony. So in the U.S., we saw market share in units grow from about 42% to 43% quarter-on-quarter and we saw the dollar value market share growth from 70% to 76% quarter-on-quarter. Zometa went generic in about March last year. When you think about the ASP plus 6 reporting situation, it’s calculated on a rolling 12-month reported two quarters in areas. So by definition, your ASP impact is anywhere between 12 months to 18 months.
Tony Hooper: Let me remind you again that historically our fourth quarter has always been slightly higher than the first quarter. What we did see in 2013 at the end was a strange week at the end with about $120 million of additional buying by both wholesalers and end user customers. We think all of this has worked through the system during quarter one and we entered quarter two without any excess inventory.
Tony Hooper: So it’s tough for me to comment on the competitive strategy bars, I mean [propose better] to talk to them. But obviously as you know in the U.S. (inaudible) is not a biosimilar, it has a very different label to our product and their positioning has been around different product, different price. In Europe they have the same situation, they are having to lean upon their label which is different to ours and in both cases, the Amgen’s label is broader. Amgen label has more years of experience, much more data around, both efficacy and safety and we have an incredible track record of delivering quality product on plan every time.
Tony Hooper: No, we still talk about the fact that we have the longest level of data available, we have the highest quality product available.
