Bob Bradway: Okay, good afternoon, and thank you for joining our conference call. With the results that we’ve just reported for the first quarter, revenue was up 5% and earnings per share up 22%, we’re on track to deliver our growth objectives for the full year. In terms of revenues, we expect Enbrel, Sensipar, Prolia, and XGEVA to be key growth drivers, and underlying demand for these brands remains strong in the first quarter. International growth is an important element of our long term strategy, and once again this quarter we reported strong growth, with sales up 8% outside of the U.S.  Our earnings for the quarter reflect favorability on taxes, as John will describe, as well as the ongoing benefits from our recapitalization. Overall, the company is executing well, and for the full year, we expect growth in revenues to lead growth in expenses.  In February we talked about the role we expect our pipeline products to play in driving long term growth, and in particular, unique molecules for which we expect pivotal or registration enabling data by 2016. The data from the first of these, for TVEC in malignant melanoma, were encouraging, and we look forward to sharing additional details with you at ASCO and thereafter.  As you know, we have plans to commercialize six biosimilar molecules, which we expect to be a source of growth for the company as well. Together with our partners at Actavis, we plan to initiate a pivotal trial for a pertuzamab biosimilar in the second quarter. We will update you on the progress of our other biosimilar molecules as these programs mature. I want to take just a moment to commend my colleagues in our manufacturing organization for their sustained track record of producing safe and reliable medicines and more generally to thank our staff around the world who are listening to this call. It’s their hard work and dedication that enables us to deliver for both patients and shareholders. Let me turn now to John, who will review our financials for the quarter.
Bob Bradway: Okay, operator, let’s open up the call for questions and I’d like to ask that you remind our participants of the procedures. Thanks. 
Bob Bradway: Okay, Robyn, why don’t we take those in two pieces? Sean, do you want to talk first about the homozygous question, and then Robyn, we’ll try to better understand what you’re trying to get at with the Epo question.
Bob Bradway: I think Tony summarized it well, but our perspective on EPOGEN is that we continue to benefit from the long, established track record of safety and efficacy with that product. We think it meets very well the needs of dialysis patients and providers. As Tony said, we entered the year with a 96% market share, and obviously with the withdrawal of a competitive product, we expect that to go back up to 100% market share. But you know, generally, again, we’re very pleased with the performance, the track record, the history of EPOGEN in this marketplace, and we expect this to continue to be an important product for us and for the providers.
Bob Bradway: I can understand the interest in the question, Robyn, but I don’t think we’re going to get into details on the contract in the call. Let’s go to the next question, operator, and just remind callers we’re going to try and do one question each, so we can get through everybody on the call. 
Bob Bradway: Obviously we and our partners have focused on that very question and concluded that we still think there’s an attractive opportunity for patients to have a biosimilar trastuzumab. So thanks for your question. Let’s go to the next question.
Bob Bradway: Obviously, we want, with this call, to disclose that we’re moving that into a pivotal trial, and as I said in my operating remarks, we’ll keep you abreast of the important data flows as they occur for this portfolio of six molecules as well.
Bob Bradway: And on the Herceptin question, or on the biosimilar question, we continue to look for molecules that we think are of high quality, and where we find them, we’re open to end licensing. We’re doing a lot of work in this area, and we own the responsibility in the work that we’re doing with our partner on Herceptin. So as I said, we’ll keep you abreast of the flow of data on that as we have it.
Bob Bradway: Well, following up, Howard, on your question, I hope you all saw Arvind’s note about the investor conference that we’ll be hosting at ASCO. And we’ll have more opportunity to talk to you there about TVEC and the data that we’ve generated. But I think we’ve taken the questions that were queued up, so thank you for dialing into the call, and as usual, Arvind and his team are around if we didn’t get to you on this conference call to answer any further questions.
Tony Hooper: Obviously we saw little to no impact at all and our guidance won’t include any changes in the affordable care, between now and year-end.
Tony Hooper: Neulasta, as we look at the market, we’ve seen a dramatic disruption in the marketplace. We see a slight decline in units, but no real practice changes that we’re seeing in the marketplace.
Tony Hooper: Let me respond to that one. As you know, about six generic Zometas have been registered to date. We see about four of those have come to market. Their list prices range anywhere between 80% and 55% of the originator’s price. What we don’t see, of course, is any behind the scenes rebates that are happening. When I look at the business for the first quarter, obviously very little impact on XGEVA at this stage. In addition, when we look at the new naïve patients to the brand, that continues to grow. And we’ll watch this as carefully as we can.  I think as we go into the next six to 12 months or so, we will see a little bit of disruption in the marketplace, as the generics jostle for some place, but we expect it to play out over a 12-18 month period, and we will continue to focus our activities around the clinical value of the brand, the efficacy it brings, and the importance of putting patients on this brand first. 
Tony Hooper: Let me start with the question around quarter on quarter. As I look at the IMS data, you’re right. It continues to show good demand both from a new prescription, from a TRX perspective, and that momentum is continuing from 2012 into 2013. The only difference we can find is a clear level of second line customer speculation towards the end of the year prior to our price increases in January that took place. And as we look back retrospectively now we see that took place, and that inventory has now worked its way through the channels during the first quarter. That was the only big thing we can see as the difference.
Sean Harper: As you might imagine, we’ve been having a lot of discussion with regulators around the world about this topic, biosimilars, given our expertise in developing and manufacturing these products, biologics. And I think that we’ve been having quite high quality interactions with regulators, including FDA, around what we would need to do to successfully develop and market biosimilars. The bar is high, as it should be, and we feel that we’re particularly well-positioned to be able to meet that standard.
Sean Harper: Well, as you know, the agency has provided guidances. Now, the guidances are not highly specific to individual molecules as it has begun to emerge in Europe, where particular classes of molecules or specific things like Epo. You know, there are more specific guidances. So in Europe, it’s a little clearer. In the United States, there are less clear guidance documents around that, but we’re able to have quite detailed discussions with the agency, and our understanding would be if the results from a single pivotal, sort of head to head, trial were robust enough, that that, along with the other package of PK data and so on, could be sufficient to reach market. But we’re obviously early days in all of this, and we’ll have to see what the agency ends up doing when it begins to actually receive these packages for the first time ever. 
Sean Harper: The study was designed with reasonable power to detect effect size of 20% and reduction of risk or greater, and the study was not set up to be stopped based on a success criteria on that. It’s important to recognize that by the time we looked at the interim analysis, there were virtually no, or actually, I think, in reality, no patients still on treatment, receiving drug. So at that point, all you’re doing is the long term follow up to ascertain the survival event. So there’s not much logic to stopping the study at that point.  : 
Sean Harper: Yeah, I do believe there’s an important opportunity for patients around the world to access biosimilar product even if it is, if you want to think of it as kind of a first generation product. I think that Herceptin continues to be an important product now and in many marketplaces I think a biosimilar Herceptin would provide an option for patients that would be far above and beyond what they would receive otherwise, if they were restricted to branded products. So I see, from a societal perspective, that these are important products to disseminate to patients.
Sean Harper: Well, just that it’s going to be in HER-2 positive breast cancer patients as you might imagine. And it’s head to head, against branded Herceptin. Beyond that, we’re not wanting to disclose a lot at this stage.
Sean Harper: On the TVEC question, it’s actually a bit of a complex story, because in the case of the population that we are treating for metastatic melanoma, the durable response rate is viewed by regulators and by clinicians as being pretty clinically meaningful to these patients, because of the number of cutaneous lesions that they often have, which is quite a bit of disease burden. And the ability to clear these and manage them nonsurgically in responders is, in and of itself, viewed as clinically meaningful, which is why the primary endpoint was accepted under a special protocol assessment by FDA.  Now, obviously, overall survival is very important, and we would expect, in multiple studies that we might do in the future, to be able to demonstrate that, and we may well demonstrate it to statistical significance in the existing study. As you know, we had a trend in that direction. So it’s a little hard to quantitate how much overall survival benefit one would need to have in addition to the DRR effect in this particular clinical setting. I don’t think there’s a real benchmark that people have in mind for that. 
Sean Harper: You know, this is sort of a very active question right now. And in fact, ASCO is in the process of trying to put guidelines out saying, you know, here is a meaningful amount of PFS, here is a meaningful amount of OS, by tumor type.  And in some areas, it’s pretty easy to do, because you’ve had multiple agents recently approved that have provided six months of overall survival, [unintelligible] for example, and you can come up with a six-month target pretty easily. It’s harder to do in a disease like ovarian cancer, and I think for PFS in particular, in ovarian cancer, it’s quite difficult. Some people believe that PFS is actually very hard to assess in ovarian cancer, and others think that it’s an important endpoint. Regulatory authorities differ on that. I do think that the overall survival benefit in this tumor would be quite important, and our program is designed and powered to be able to assess overall survival with a high degree of power in both the recurrent setting and the first line, accordingly. Again, it’s a little bit hard to put your finger on the number of months of additional survival benefit that would be perceived as being really beneficial. It’s hard for me to just come up with a number for that. 
Sean Harper: Certainly the program, which we call AMG-423, is a very interesting program from a scientific perspective. It represents one of the only novel mechanistic basis for addressing systolic heart failure, which is, I’m sure, you recognize is an epidemic disease with older demographics. I think that we’re still at an early stage with the program. We have recently completed a third cohort in a Phase IIA IV based study that was designed to assess safety of the product versus placebo as well as some efficacy parameters to look to see if when we tightly control exposure with the molecule, we can actually determine that there is a therapeutic window for the mechanism. Beyond that, we’ve started now into an oral dosing study to see if we can achieve, in heart failure patients, a well-behaved oral formulation, PK exposure profile, because again therapeutic window is going to be key here. So it’s early.  This is a difficult area. I would characterize this as, on the spectrum of what we’re doing, on the sort of high risk-high reward quadrant. But I think the opportunity to benefit very large numbers of patients with the very grievous illness warrants the risk profile. So I find the program extremely interesting, but it’s still at a pretty early stage of development.
Sean Harper: I think it’s a great question. We’re working with regulators right now to review the current data set and work with them around the filing strategy, and we’ll sort that out. We do expect to have the survival data by the end of this year, so the timeframes are going to line up to some extent independent of the exact filing strategy. It’s kind of immaterial. But I would say that we, again, do believe that the durable response is a clinically meaningful benefit to this particular patient population, who are burdened with a lot of cutaneous disease. And obviously a very strong survival trend, or a statistically significant survival result, is even better.  So we’re looking at this as being an important result already, based on what we’ve seen. We hope it gets better as we look at the full survival result, but that will emerge as we have that event driven result come to us. 
Sean Harper: I’d now say that we have a level of proof of concept for the mechanism that was hard to embrace completely when one was looking at a relatively small Phase II data set. Although that Phase II data set did drive us to buy [Biovex] and to pursue the investment involved in completing this Phase III trial.  The Phase III result is obviously much more compelling, and I would really no longer view this from a platform technology perspective as high risk. Whether or not we hit overall survival, statistical significant, in this analysis is always hard to call. Part of that is the size of the study, and part power that you have, and so on.  Also recall that this study was never designed with the primary objective of assessing overall survival. And so it’s important to recognize that there’s a lot more work to do with TVEC and in particular, combining TVEC with other immunotherapies going forward both in melanoma and in other tumor types is now something I view as extremely exciting from a scientific clinical perspective. 
