Murdo Gordon: Thanks, Dave. We’ve seen volumes continue to improve from the initial stages of the pandemic, with Q3 global revenues growing 12% year-over-year driven by 18% volume growth. During Q3, physician-patient interactions increased to near pre-COVID levels. Across the industry in the U.S., total prescriptions are still down approximately 2% and physician visits, either in person or remote are down approximately 10% versus the pre-COVID baseline. While trends improved during the quarter, we are seeing infection rates rise in many parts of the world, which may bring additional quarter-to-quarter variability. Let me spend a few minutes to discuss our Q3 performance and outline our expectations for the remainder of 2020. In bone health, our efforts are focused on ensuring patient continuity. We grew Prolia volume by 10% year-over-year, even though osteoporosis diagnosis rates have returned to just 70% of pre-COVID levels in the U.S. COVID has also resulted in a change in historical quarterly trends for Prolia. Prior to the pandemic, the first and third quarters each year had lower sales than the second and fourth quarters. However, given the impact of the pandemic in the second quarter and the six-month dosing regimen of Prolia, we would expect year-over-year growth rates in the fourth quarter to be lower than pre-COVID growth trends. With the current rise in COVID infection rates in the U.S. and Europe, there could be additional delays in patients receiving their Prolia treatment in Q4. EVENITY sales in the U.S. grew quarter-over-quarter driven by 30% volume growth. This growth was offset by lower sales in Japan, which were partially related to timing of purchases by our partner Astellas. We believe EVENITY’s unique bone-building abilities will continue to drive growth in our business as physicians appreciate its benefit risk profile in treating their post fracture patients. Repatha sales increased 22% year-over-year, driven by 60% volume growth and is the segment leader globally. We remain confident in our ability to grow Repatha, and given the significant unmet medical need in treating high risk cardiovascular patients, our comprehensive patient payor coverage, the convenient self-administration and the established outcomes data in the label. Moving on to Parsabiv, which is an attractive treatment for secondary HPT, supported by the convenience of its IV administration. In January 2021, reimbursement for Parsabiv will move into the dialysis bundle payment system. We’ve already begun to see some negative impact on Parsabiv utilization in the U.S., and we would expect this impact to continue in Q4. Transitioning to our Inflammation portfolio, total prescriptions for Otezla in the U.S. grew 11% year-over-year. Underlying volume trends remained strong. Sales were negatively impacted by lower inventory levels versus last year. We’re confident that Otezla will continue its double-digit year-over-year volume growth based on its well-established safety and efficacy profile, convenient oral dosage, broad payor coverage and the lack of lab monitoring requirements. Enbrel remains the cornerstone of our Inflammation franchise and we continue to invest in Enbrel, along with our broader inflammation portfolio including Otezla, AMGEVITA and recently launched AVSOLA. Enbrel was impacted by slowing growth in rheumatology prescribing in Q3 related to COVID and experienced some share loss in the quarter while maintaining price stability year-on-year. Continued softness in rheumatology prescribing related to rising COVID infections could further impact Enbrel in the fourth quarter. Our Q3 biosimilar revenues were $480 million, supported by share growth by MVASI and KANJINTI. We’ve achieved leading biosimilar shares for AMGEVITA in Europe and for MVASI and KANJINTI in the U.S. Our highly efficient operating model and full complement of patient services provide an important advantage as we face additional biosimilar competitors heading into 2021. In Oncology, Neulasta Onpro remains the preferred long-acting GCSF with 55% share of volume in the quarter. Neulasta sales decreased 22% year-over-year, driven by declines in volume and net selling price. Competitive activity in long-acting filgrastim is impacting average selling price. The most recent published average selling price for Neulasta in the U.S. declined 19% year-over-year and 6% quarter-over-quarter. Overall, I’m very pleased with our Q3 performance. We remain vigilant as the pandemic continues to create uncertainty and potential disruptions in the healthcare marketplace. Amgen employees around the world are focused on ensuring continuity of care for our patients, and we will continue investing to drive growth of our innovative products, advance our geographic expansion and prepare for potential new product launches. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Peter.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks. Evan. Look, we're really pleased with what we've been able to do with our Biosimilars business in the quarter. The team has done a really nice job this year despite COVID in establishing strong penetration into the U.S. oncology market with MVASI our Avastin biosimilar and KANJINTI, our Herceptin biosimilar. I would say with respect to the dynamic in the market, a lot of people question whether or not we had an efficient functioning biosimilar market in the U.S. because I think they were over interpreting some of the early biosimilar launches. And I think what you can see now is that we have an efficient market, that when there are – when there is a clear value on the table healthcare systems, providers and payers are able to capitalize on it. And that's what's driving of course the uptake of our biosimilars. I also think that the experience we've had in defending against biosimilar erosion on products like Neulasta has positioned us well to understand how accounts are looking to purchase biosimilars. So when we launched our own, we were able to take some advantage of that. And I would say that of the accounts that have opened up biosimilar usage generally initially we thought they might be using biosimilars for new patients going forward, but we've actually seen them use our biosimilars both for new patients and switching patients who are mid-course of treatment to biosimilars as well. So I'd say that the penetration at an account level has been deeper than we originally anticipated. And I think by now there is fairly broad adoption in the U.S. at the 340B level, the non-340B level and of course within the clinics. Now that's oncology. It's a little different in inflammation depending on the biosimilar itself whether it's a – an infused biosimilar or whether it's a self-injected or self-administered biosimilar. And I think need to watch that carefully because the two are not analogous. So I would treat each business segment as its own example and not draw comparisons from one to the other.
Murdo Gordon: Okay, thank you. Overall, I think the biosimilars business, as I said, has evolved really nicely and we've penetrated quite well. If I look at the oncology products in the U.S. running at 44% share currently on our Avastin biosimilar. I do think, as you see additional competitors come in, the average selling price will come down. So that's a reality that competition brings and it's related to my comment earlier about this being an efficient marketplace. I do think there is an appreciation though for what we've done at Amgen which is to have a very effective provider-focused commercial presence the same people that are talking to accounts about our innovative portfolio are talking to those same customers about our biosimilars. So all of our services that we normally have on an innovative product are available on biosimilars, and that includes patient services for things like reimbursement or co-pay assistance and I think that differentiates us. So I would anticipate us being able to continue to capture good volume albeit at some price erosion as we go into the new year. But as I said, we're at 44% share of the total bevacizumab market and slightly less than that of the trastuzumab market. So there's still a lot of headroom for growth. And I think on the inflammation side, the dynamics are a little bit different depending on whether it's a product like our Remicade biosimilar, Avsola or whether we're looking at a product like our Rituxan biosimilar. So I think we have to watch how we draw parallels on expectations. Overall, we made a big commitment to biosimilars. So we'll continue to advance new products through the clinic and into the market and we compete effectively across Europe and we're competing nicely so far in the U.S. Just transitioning to Repatha. Look we've done I think an excellent job of converting to an affordable price of Repatha. We've got about 80% access coverage across Medicaid and commercial and we're seeing really nice volume growth with 60% in the quarter, and I think we're also seeing some nice evolution outside of the U.S. where Repatha continues to gain share. The product – really with Repatha, we are scratching the surface of those that need this. There is a lot of high-risk coronary event patients who require more aggressive lipid lowering therapy. And in light of COVID, I actually think that Repatha is a unique solution. It's a self-administered product with excellent coverage and well demonstrated efficacy and safety profile and we have event reduction data in the label. So I think compared to a product that might require patients to travel to a physician office for administration in light of COVID, that's going to be a tougher task for another product to come in. So I feel good about where we are and I feel good about our growth prospects going forward.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. As I mentioned before, there is a strategic commitment here from our partners to Teze. They've been very supportive constructive and helpful as we've worked through the development plan and now we look beyond that to the commercialization and potential lifecycle management ideas and I think that there is a strong press from AstraZeneca to continue to really think about all of the patients that we can benefit with development of Teze. I would just say that there is a large market opportunity here in severe asthma. Having alternative mechanisms in the market is a good thing and I think that there's plenty of room for us to launch effectively there and I'm pretty sure that's how of our partners at AstraZeneca see it.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thanks Geoff. Let's narrow or reframe the question. I don't think it's a payer issue. I think we've negotiated very good access for Aimovig. It's covered broadly with very little in the way of utilization management criteria. Physician requests are being filled very well. Our percentage of paid patients is very high now. We're in the high 80% range for patients. So it's not an access restriction that's reducing the uptick of the class. There are really two things. One, is obvious, it's COVID. We are down substantially in new patients per week because of COVID and a lot of migraine sufferers unfortunately are just not seeking care. And neurology as a prescribing specialty is down more than some others like cardiology recovered nicely in the quarter. Neurology is still down in terms of total prescribing. And that's the COVID impact. And then there's another I think opportunity which we're focused on and that is to have both neurologists and patients moving quicker through older, less-effective preventative agents and to try biologic CGRPs like Aimovig, and that's really where our focus is for growth. We've seen movement there and it was going well, but we've still got a lot of work to do, as you point out. But we've got a large volume of patients, over $4 million. I think we're 15% penetrated into that patient population. So there is really no doubt in my mind that it will move. I also think, by the way the oral CGRPs are helping here with the promotional effort, communication of patients, awareness building of the benefits to the category. So they're acute promotion is also helping in the preventive space. But yes, we are focused on that. I think we've done all the right things on the communications front to payers. Now we are focused on patients and patient – providers and patients.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. So I'll answer your second part of your question first, Cory. The double-digit growth assumptions that we put out there did indeed assume the launch of other orals into the U.S. in a relatively similar timeframe as to what's been publicly disclosed. I think overall, as I was saying earlier, we feel really good about the position of Otezla in the market. It's a widely reimbursed product with really good market access, an affordable products from a patient perspective, a very safe product from an overall profile perspective, and I just think that new entrants into the category will not necessarily differentiate on efficacy or on safety right out of the gate. I think it's going to take some time before dermatologists who are quite frankly leery of potent biologics or other products that might have efficacy, but that might travel with some safety concerns and that's not the case with Otezla. So this familiarity with Otezla, the unique positioning of it being the first product they go to post-topical and pre-biologic, I think is going to hold up really well and we continue to invest heavily. Somebody mentioned they noticed more television advertising. We have ramped up DTC given COVID is somewhat disrupting patient behavior. And also in light of COVID, there are a lot of products in this category that require lab monitoring and Otezla doesn't. So a really good profile and I think one that will hold up well despite competition.
Robert Bradway: Okay, April, why don’t we open up the lines for questions and perhaps you could start us by reminding our callers of the procedures for asking a question.
Robert Bradway: Hey, Terence. This is Bob, why don't I take the first part of your question. The short answer is no. The Omecamtiv results don't change our thinking on capital allocation. We continue to look for business development opportunities and continue to look for internal programs in cardiovascular disease. As you know, we're moving rapidly with our Phase II program directed against LP(a), so we're excited to have some advanced studies going for that molecule, and we'll continue to look for ways to invest in that franchise. Cardiovascular disease as you know, the leading killer of people on the planet. We continue to think what we need in that field is more innovation, not less. So we will continue looking for that.
Robert Bradway: Yes, thank you. I'll jump in on that one. We've obviously been very transparent with our partners on how we can commercialize tezepelumab. I have to say with the many years of experience that AstraZeneca has in this therapeutic area, we continue to believe they're outstanding partner. We've worked through all the details of commercialization. AstraZeneca will indeed be putting up dedicated resources for the promotion of tezepelumab. So think about different sales reps literally in the market promoting the two different products. We will be handling many elements of the commercial process in the U.S., for example, we'll be lead on the market access negotiations and relationships, while AstraZeneca will lead on consumer marketing and professional marketing. So I think we've really put the best of the best together here and I continue to have a lot of confidence in the emphasis that our partner is placing on this really exciting molecule, both for the launch and also just strategic lifecycle management ideas that they have as well.
Robert Bradway: Sure, just briefly. With nine or so weeks left in the year, we're encouraged that we continue to execute well. I think you see that in the numbers and in the progress that we're making in our market shares and in our pipeline. But we know that this is a year unlike any other, so we're trying to be prudent. As we look at the balance of the year and the beginning of next year, particularly as regards to the risk posed - the risks posed by COVID-19. So appreciate you joining our call. We'll look forward to seeing you or speaking to you in the New Year. And in the meantime, Arvind and his team are here for any questions that you might have. Thank you.
David Reese: Thanks, Mike. Yes, and of course, we are greatly looking forward to that readout as well. What I can say is that the trial is very well powered to look at outcomes on the primary endpoint here as annualized exacerbation rates, the standard endpoint for asthma studies across the different subgroups, including the low eosinophil population. So we feel very comfortable that this will be a definitive test of tezepelumab across the entire range of patients with severe asthma.
David Reese: Yes. Thanks, Matt. That's certainly the combination studies are an important topic, they're moving forward quite briskly. We have I think seven cohorts open now, three or four more are coming very soon. So we feel we are testing in a range of indications. The biologically plausible and clinically relevant combinations will have data next year on a number of these. And to your point, the goal always in combination therapy beyond monotherapy is to enhance efficacy and potentially in terms of response rates, but also durability if you are cutting off avenues of tumor resistance or escape, and that's certainly our goal. We're very much guided by the biology here, and as you look at those cohorts that are coming up I think you'll see that that's the case.
David Reese: Yes, sure. So let me take those in order. In terms of the combinations, one thing I would caution everyone is let's not over read anything into cohorts of three or four patients, whether that's our trials or anyone else's trials. We're moving forward. We've been – what we have is a foundation of tolerability in monotherapy, which is the critical thing to build on in combinations. And I think this was put into some perspective by an editorial in The New England Journal of Medicine that accompanied the publication of our Phase 1 trial a few weeks ago and I'd refer you to that. And certainly it's very common in combination therapy development in oncology to look at all sorts of dosing and scheduling regimens, and we fully intend to do that and on priority we would intend on doing that. With regards to the analysis in tezepelumab, yes, that's correct. The analysis is powered and geared across the entire population then with also look at the low eosinophil population. So your suppositions there are correct.
David Reese: Yes. Well, I can't speak to directly to others data and of course, I'll allow them to do that. I will say that we've, as I mentioned, treated over 550 patients. There is no evidence whatsoever of a QT signal to date and we remain quite pleased with the overall tolerability of sotorasib.
David Reese: Yes. Thanks, Chris. Both important questions. It's standard in any new molecule as part of the clinical pharmacology program to examine different schedules. So we continue to do that with twice daily dosing. But one thing I'd urge everyone to do is kind of go back to basic pharmacokinetics here as we think about this field and what are the reasons to go to split dosing. Well there are really two reasons. One, if you need split dosing in order to achieve target coverage or two, if you need to split the dose because of tolerability issues. And with sotorasib, we're very convinced that we are getting target coverage throughout the dosing interval with our once-daily dosing, and of course we've got very nice tolerability at once daily dosing. And so that's really – this is I think basic pharmacology and pharmacokinetics and the science underlying that that has driven our clinical choices. In terms of CNS penetration, we did mention at ESMO we have a couple of patients with – one or two patients with CNS metastases who clearly had responses. So the question with small molecules or in CNS responses in general is always is that due to true penetration or because there is typically a highly disrupted blood brain barrier in that setting you almost always get some exposure to drug. The third potential explanation, which we continue to explore is that it's a secondary immune activation that could potentially trigger activity in the central nervous system. We are exploring this question explicitly in a cohort that we're just opening for patients with brain metastases. And so I think in through next year, we'll have a good sense of potential activity in the central nervous system. Thank you.
David Reese: Yes. Thanks, Colin. Great question. And of course as is typical in oncology development programs, you start in later lines of therapy where patients don't have much in the way of treatment options, but certainly moving into earlier lines of therapy will be part of the development program as we move forward. I would also point out that an important part of the program in later lines is the head-to-head Phase III trial against docetaxel chemotherapy. That is very important outside of the U.S. in some jurisdictions for regulatory approval, but also in many jurisdictions for our reimbursement. And so I wouldn't also overlook the potential of that. This is a global development program and that's another important piece. Thank you.
David Reese: Yes. Well, let me start and then I'll hand things off to Murdo. As we discussed, the primary endpoint is powered across the entire population and also the analysis plan allows a look in the low eosinophil group. In our Phase II data, which is currently our best predictor, we showed relatively comparable efficacy regardless of eosinophil status and it certainly would be our hope that we're able to replicate that in Phase III. In terms of commercialization, let me ask Murdo to weigh in.
David Reese: Thanks, Kennen. I'll take that. With Omecamtiv we issued the topline results. We've got data coming out with the American Heart Association in just a couple weeks, and I think in the wake of that we will be discussing next steps.
David Reese: Yes. Thanks, Umer. So in terms of duration of response in and moving in earlier lines of therapy, it's very clear what the checkpoint inhibitors do. I mean typically you're going to look for 25%, 30% improvements on these sorts of efficacy measures to get into the clinically meaningful range. So as we're designing programs, those are the sorts of targets that we would generally look at. In colorectal cancer, as I've mentioned before, we fully enrolled the Phase II trial data. Next year that will inform a potential monotherapy path forward. I would want to see response rates perhaps a little better than we've observed now for monotherapy, but that'll be a discussion with folks in the field. And here, I would say there is also just a huge amount of emphasis on combination therapy to both enhance the response rate and then of course to generate duration of response. As I mentioned earlier, we've got a number of combination trials, either up and running or about to launch and some of them are directed specifically for colorectal cancer. So we're really looking forward to generating those data. But I think that's the kind of state of play right now.
David Reese: Yes. Thanks, Alethia. So we've been pleased with Otezla. We continue see all of our integration activities of bringing that product and being smooth uneventful, largely now under the management of Amgen employees around the world. And the field force continues to really do an outstanding job of making sure dermatologists understand the benefits of Otezla in the treatment of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis. I think what we've seen in the quarter is a return to customer activity, largely about 90% of pre-COVID levels. The majority of those customer interactions are in the virtual realm, about 60% of those. I think overall, we're pleased with the growth in volume in the quarter. We did see some one-time events, accounting adjustments. We had a favorable accounting adjustment in 2019 in Q3 and an unfavorable accounting adjustment in Q3 this year, creating an unfavorable compare quarter-over-quarter from prior year. And we're also seeing a bit of softness in the dermatology prescribing volume year-on-year on the basis of COVID. But I think the differentiation of having an oral versus biologics versus topicals in psoriasis is really helping us hold up well, and we continue to feel confident about our double-digit growth going forward. We've also held price nicely as we go into 2021. That's a good effect of having a differentiated product. And then overall, I think as we look at sources of growth throughout the world, our international expansion plans have been going well. We secured reimbursement in Australia. Our Japanese business really is doing well and we're looking at reimbursement and market authorization in other markets. So overall, it's been a really good growth story for us and we continue to feel good about the future. And then we will wait patiently to see if we're able to secure a mild to moderate indication next year because I think that's a patient population that could really benefit from the convenience of an oral and the safety profile that we've established of Otezla versus say more potent orals or even biologics.
David Reese: Yes, thanks, Robyn. We really see these as unique segments of the market. The topical segment doesn't necessarily compete with the oral segment and we do see - right now, we do see some low surface area usage. But I think as we look at our mild to moderate indication in the future, I think there would be more potential overlap with say - let's say more effective topicals for low surface areas and orals, but it's really - it's not impeding our ability to grow and I don't see them as overlapping sectors. I think when patients say they want the convenience of an oral, it's a very clear choice to go to Otezla.
