Sean Harper: Thanks, Tony. We continue to forge ahead on our existing pipeline efforts and I'd like to take this opportunity to also welcome our colleagues at Onyx. The team has done an outstanding job advancing innovative multiple myeloma therapies and we're very optimistic about the long-term potential of Kyprolis and Oprozomib. We're looking forward to the new Kyprolis data next year including the final analysis of the FOCUS study in relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma. In addition the Independent Data Monitoring Committee will review an interim analysis of the ASPIRE study in relapsed disease next year. As many of you are aware, FOCUS is the registration enabling study for refractory/relapsed multiple myeloma targeting the EU and ASPIRE is the confirmatory study for full U.S. approval as well as the registration enabling study for relapsed patients in both the U.S. and in EU. We will also be presenting additional data on Oprozomib an oral proteasome inhibitor at this year's American Society of Hematology meeting. We are doing everything we can to help maintain momentum on these programs and to bring to bear any resources we can to further enable our success. The mission and culture of the two companies seem remarkably well aligned and I'm excited to have them on our team. The lipid-lowering program intended to be the basis of registration for AMG 145 now called Evolocumab. It's completely enrolled and we eagerly await the results in 1Q '14. We plan to speak more about this program along with our other cardiovascular programs at an investor event at the American Heart Association meeting in November where we will be presenting one year data from over 1,100 subjects in our Phase 2 open-label extension study. For Trebananib we continue to estimate the final overall survival analysis from the ongoing pivotal study in recurrent ovarian carcinoma to occur in the second half 2014. We have decided to discontinue enrollment in our study of Trebananib in combination with DOXIL in the study of recurrent ovarian carcinoma due to ongoing DOXIL supply issues. We've also determined that a much smaller study than initially planned can be utilized to accurately assess the effects of Trebananib on progression-free survival and first line ovarian cancer. In addition, the emerging therapeutic landscape in non-small cell lung cancer limits the potential utility of Trebananib in this study, so we're also just continuing enrollment in this Phase 2 study. There were no new safety findings related to these decisions. Our psoriasis program for Brodalumab consists of three Phase 3 studies, one placebo controlled and two head-to-head against ustekinumab or STELARA. I'm pleased to report all these are now fully enrolled and we expect to see the data next year. Velcalcetide or AMG 416 is our novel IV calcimimetic being investigated for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with chronic kidney disease who are on hemodialysis. Phase 3 data are expected next year and we will be presenting Phase 2 data at the American Society of Nephrology meeting next month. Just to close the loop a few on outstanding XGEVA filing after extensive discussions with EU regulators, we've decided not to pursue further our request for a bone metastasis free survival indication in castrate resistant prostate cancer in Europe. Our biosimilar unit continues to make good progress and as Bob mentioned enrollment has commenced in our biosimilar Humira pivotal study in psoriasis. Finally I’d just like to take a moment and acknowledge my colleagues in R&D who continue to innovate and execute at a very high level. We’ve made great progress this year, and as you can see from my last slide eight of our late stage programs will achieve significant milestones next year. We’ll be very busy in 2014, but our organization is ready and we look forward to continuing our track record of delivering noble therapies for patients in need. Bob.
Sean Harper: Yeah, I think that the FOCUS and ASPIRE trials will read out next year, FOCUS in its final form and ASPIRE will have an interim analysis reviewed by the data monitoring committee, and if positive, we will see it, otherwise we’ll see the final analysis. I think that in the case that FOCUS is really focused on a third plus line indication for Europe and we feel that it's quite an independent thing from the goals of ASPIRE which are to allow a relapsed population or if you will second line population to have a registration path in both the U.S. and EU, and we’re pretty confident that assuming the results are what we’re hoping for that that stands on it's own from a regulatory perspective.
Sean Harper: Yes. Matt, I don't think the DOXIL study was always a non-registration trial to suggest some – generate data in the setting of a very commonly used agent in ovarian cancer and so there really are two problems. One is that it's not really very commonly used agent in ovarian cancer anymore because it's so unreliable on supply and we can't get the drug. This is the second time we've had to do this and it's just very disruptive to not have supply for patients in a clinical trial setting. So that should have no variant all along our ability to register the product, to access OS in the existing independent study with the paclitaxel background that we're waiting for sometime next year nor would it have an ability to assess PFS in the first line study which has always been the primary goal of the first line study.
Sean Harper: Well, first I'd say that generally as we look at the Onyx opportunity, we were very impressed with the development program and I see the development program as being quite well thought out. Of course we'll work with our colleagues that makes them think about details of the way that statistical analysis plans are done and this sort of thing. At a technical level for sure there will be a process of looking to gather things, but I think that generally speaking we feel very good about the development program which has been developed with a lot of input from the experts in the field from around the world and regulatory authorities of course. It's always possible that we would add studies. I wouldn't think that there is anything that glares out as a missing piece but there are lots of opportunities to do additional studies with a smaller dose with both Kyprolis and Oprozomib and we'll just have to think about that in a big picture perspective in terms of return on investment, overall portfolio management. Safety I think I can't give you any guarantees about safety, I mean, we -- the data that we see to date with the agents is reassuring and appears that the benefit that’s being derived from the use of the product in a setting exceeds the safety concerns. There are of course especially in oncology safety issues with virtually every therapeutic agent. So I still see a very strong benefit risk profile here and I think that the opportunity to let these studies play out and see what we learn from them is that -- is in front of us.
Sean Harper: Well, I think the choice of ustekinumab as the competitor for Brodalumab was really a matter of just putting ourselves up against the molecule that we thought has the increasingly is becoming the agent of choice from an efficacy perspective in the disease if we wanted to set as higher bar as we could really from a competition perspective and so that was in part why we made the choice. And we could have chosen other comparators but that was the choice that we made.
Sean Harper: Yes, I think it's probably just too early in the process for me to speculate about that right now. The agent is really at the threshold between Phase 1b and 2 at the moment. I'm sure there are – there's an ability to be aggressive with the development of the molecule but we also want to do it right and skipping phases of development isn't always the best idea. So we'll have to needle through that and decide how we're going to proceed.
Bob Bradway: Okay. Thank you Sean. Marvin, we’re ready for questions. If you’d remind our listener’s of the procedures, we’ll open up the line for questions.
Bob Bradway: Okay, Terence you’ve got a couple of questions here; let’s try to answer those. Sean, I suppose you might want to just share with Terence our thoughts about the global development plan at Onyx.
Bob Bradway: Okay, Marvin lets take the next question, and maybe you can just remind the audience to just limit themselves to one question please, so you can get through everybody.
Bob Bradway: Eric our IP on pegylated filgrastim extends through the end of 2015, and as I said in my remarks, we understand that they have withdrawn the product from -- withdrawn the file rather from the FDA, and that’s the reason why we dropped our lawsuit.
Bob Bradway: Sure, on the government order Mark, I think at this point we can’t predict whether there will be future orders from the government or not. I think we would notice that we’ve got a track record – strong track record of being able to supply customers with safe, reliable, quality NEUPOGEN, Neulasta product, and if the government wants to order more, we’re prepared to supply it. But at this point, I wouldn’t want to speculate as to whether there’ll be future orders.
Bob Bradway: Okay, a couple of things Michael just to remind you. We expect that there will not be a NEUPOGEN like product on the market before mid November after that time when our intellectual property expires on NEUPOGEN we would expect to see Teva launch a product, and I would note it won't be a biosimilar and it won't be a product that has the same label as NEUPOGEN. With respect to other long acting products, again so far as I’m aware none are registered and so rather than speculate on what they might do, I think we’ll wait and see what the regulatory reaction is to products that they have on file.
Bob Bradway: Geoff, this is Bob. Let me jump in there on the question that you directed at Tony. Our intention is to advance molecules for which we think we can exceed the cost of our capital. So when we look at our late and early stage programs, we want to have a clear view to what's it going to take to beat our cost to capital and we think we're in good shape in that regard on the late stage molecules and we continue to watch that carefully on the mid-stage and early-stage programs.
Bob Bradway: Ravi, why don't we answer this in two parts. With respect to communications, again as our biosimilar molecules enter pivotal trials we'll plan to call them out on our quarterly calls as we did today, so we've done that for both the molecules that are now in pivotal trials and Tony, if you want to talk more generally about the quality of the opportunity here jump in.
Bob Bradway: Okay. So regarding 145, as I said many times before, this is a very competitive situation and we're not wanting to get into that level of specificity around how we're going to be presenting the agent. Its suffice it to say that we think we're going to have good ways of delivering to patients every two week and every week presentations of the product. Ivabradine is a really interesting molecule that is unique in its mechanism and has a really critical role in the management of heart failure outside the United States. We have data sets which are very robust supporting chronic heart failure whether as a large outcome study that was done not too long ago, put into the labels around the world. European heart failure guidelines include the use of Ivabradine in patients who can't be adequately heart rate control but with beta blockers. So our desire is to see the agent registered ultimately and in both of these indications in congestive heart failure as well as in patients with coronary artery disease and stable angina. There is also a large outcomes trial with in-patients with coronary artery disease, approximately 20,000 patients that's going to read out next year which should potentially quite supportive to the use of the agent in the kind of angina indication. So that's…
Bob Bradway: Sure Geoff. I guess we’re 21 days into this transition. What I had observed is that as I said earlier, the transition is moving smoothly. There are clearly going to be some opportunities for us to think about synergies and as you would expect we’re down the road already in that regard with our colleagues at Onyx, but I’m not going to provide guidance at this point. We will have an opportunity to do that next year in January when we talk about the fourth quarter in the way that we typically do. But again, I think the big picture Geoff is that we’re three weeks into this. We feel good about what we’ve seen, I think feel good about the way in which we’re working together and comfortable about the opportunity to help drive growth here and create value both from things that we can do to grow the brand and grow access as well as things that we can do to provide cost synergies.
Bob Bradway: Yes, I think it’s obviously difficult to speak for the FDA, in terms of how they might view LDL as a surrogate endpoint based on the results from one of dozens and dozens of studies that have been done and have shown that reducing LDL has had a solitary effect on cardiovascular outcomes. I think it’s just going to depend enormously on the actual interpretation, detailed scientific interpretation of studies in -- like improve it. I think those studies will be looked at carefully, any studies that come out over the next few years will be looked at carefully by regulators and the scientific community. But it’s really down to the detailed assessment as to whether the results actually call in to question whether LDL is a reasonable surrogate for cardiovascular outcomes, while one waits for cardiovascular outcomes result to come from a trial, which is well under way. And it’s just tough to speculate on that at this stage, but I think that it’s clear to me that LDL is looked at differently than other lipid parameters by regulators with respect to being the most robust of those.
Bob Bradway: No, I think we're still quite interested in Trebananib potential and see it as an agent which could gain registration globally for first line and recurrence feed. So in the first line I think we recognize that it's extremely difficult as I'm sure you know to try and achieve an overall survival result in the first line. Our general thought is that if we can achieve an OS result in a significant line of therapy like in the recurrence study that we're waiting for OS data now, that that would be sufficient for the molecule to allow us to move forward with attempts to register in first and second line globally. So that's really the strategy and the change in the size of the first line study doesn't diminish in any way our ability to access the progression-free survival there.
Tony Hooper: So as we think about the Amgen presence at the moment we do have a fairly decent presence already in the Middle East, North Africa, and Latin America. Our business in this part of the world is really well in excess of $0.5 billion and growing rapidly double digit. The products we have in the portfolio also are highly sophisticated biotech type products, so pricing is pretty much in line with the type of product we bring to markets, so we’re not competing in these markets in the mass part of the market, but clearly around the high medical need with prices that will allow our margins fairly close to the type of business we run in Europe at the moment.
Tony Hooper: Sure, I mean our biosimilar strategy is clearly a global strategy. We are working closely with the FDA to understand requirements. We understand what's required in Europe, and then we’re working with other countries outside those two regions to try and understand where the pathway is going forward, but we think globally on a consistent basis, yes.
Tony Hooper: So as we monitor these six assets we've identified, all of them continue to grow globally. So the medium-term opportunity of playing with markets continues to be a lucrative market. We continue to believe that our ability to bring to market a high quality reliable supply product will be unique benefit that Amgen has. So we continue to see it as an opportunity, yes.
Tony Hooper: Yes, so as we think about Amgen launching 145 which is one of our largest exciting opportunities we have that would have been the first time Amgen competes in the cardiovascular field and therefore Ivabradine which has shown the same, being a unique opportunity, a unique mode of action in an area of high unmet medical need will allow us prior to the 145 launch to build competencies, skills in our organization to build a relationship with the cardiology group, make sure we understand the hot rolling interaction of the PMT committees, discharge protocols all of which will play in line with the launch of 145. So setting us up, getting us the experience at the same time driving a rather exceptional product in a large unmet medical need.
Tony Hooper: Okay, Tony at regards to Enbrel about two thirds of our business is in rheumatology and about one third in dermatology. Net-net we’ve seen both these markets just slowdown a little bit in terms of growth, this was growing fairly healthily. In rheumatology we clearly continue to hold market share. In dermatology we have seen a slight decline in market share over the last couple of quarters or so, but we clearly believe that the product profile both in rheumatology from an efficacy and a safety perspective as well as our profile in dermatology specifically here around safety will allow us to continue to maintain a fairly large market share as we go forward. As regard to 145 the assumption we’re making is the initial launch of 145 will be more specifically on high risk patients which will be treated by cardiologists. As always there’ll be a smattering of general practitioners who do a fair amount of cardiovascular work, but we don’t see us going in the early stages to a large GP market.
Tony Hooper: Joel, its Tony. So let me just say a couple of things. The first leak of a potential acquisition started to come out in late June. So there’s a fair amount of uncertainty amongst Onyx employees for a period of time and as I said in my remarks earlier, I am pretty grateful in spite of this terrible disruption that happened in their lives they maintained the business as well as they did. Including the third quarter it's normally a fairly soft quarter even for oncology. 14 days after the close we had in the hands of every single field based employee a letter of employment confirming employment. We have looked at this team. This team has obviously been put together with a clear knowledge of where the multiple myeloma market is, where the treatment physicians are and we’ve hired through the Onyx team a top class oncology sales organization and medical field organization. We're certainly hoping that with certainly now bringing on their lives that performance will improve over the fourth quarter but clearly as you look to the medium to long-term, the next major expansion of the Kyprolis label will come with both the FOCUS and the ASPIRE ideas.
