Susan Kanaya: Thank you. Good afternoon. And welcome to the ChemoCentryx's fourth quarter 2014 financial results conference call. This afternoon we issued a press release providing financial results and company highlights for the quarter ended December 31, 2014. This press release is available on our website at www.chemocentryx.com. Joining me on the call today is Dr. Thomas Schall, President and Chief Executive Officer of ChemoCentryx, who will provide a corporate update and review our anticipated milestones for 2015. Following his comments, I will provide an overview of the financial highlights for the fourth quarter and 2015 financial guidance, before turning the call back over to Tom for closing remarks. As a reminder, during today's call, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on current information, assumptions and expectations that are subject to change and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. These risks are described in our filings made with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K to be filed on March 13, 2015. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and ChemoCentryx disclaims any obligation to update such statements. In addition, this conference call contains time sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of this live broadcast, March 12, 2015. ChemoCentryx undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this conference call. I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Susan Kanaya: Thank you, Tom. As I mentioned earlier, our 2014 fourth quarter financial results were included in our press release provided earlier this afternoon. There was no revenue recognized for the three months ended December 31, 2014, compared to $0.7 million in the same period in 2013. The decrease in revenues from 2013 to 2014 is primarily due to funding of clinical support from former partner, GlaxoSmithKline for CCX168 in 2013. Research and development expenses were $9.1 million for the three months ended December 31, 2014, compared to $7.4 million for the comparable period in 2013. Higher expenses associated with CCX168 or C5aR inhibitor reflect the increased patient enrollment rate in the ongoing European CLEAR trial and expansion of Phase II clinical development for the same in North America. This increase was partially offset by lower expenses in our CCR2 program, primarily for CCX140, due to the completion of the Phase II clinical trial in patients with diabetic nephropathy. General and administrative expenses were $3.2 million for the three months ended December 31, 2014, compared to $3 million in 2013. This increase was primarily due to higher stock-based compensation for stock option grant and restricted stock unit awards. Total shares outstanding at December 31, 2014 were approximately 43.4 million shares. Cash, cash equivalents and investments totaled $114.6 million at December 31, 2014 Before I turn the call back over to Tom, let me summarize our 2015 financial guidance. Our projected cash utilization for 2015 is expected to range from $45 million to $49 million. We therefore expect to end the year with cash and investments of approximately $70 million. With that, I will now turn the call back over to you, Tom.
Susan Kanaya: Sure. Thank you. So this is just a baseline cash utilization projection, does not assume any partnership activity and not initiating a Phase II, III study at this time.
Pirow Bekker: No. I think, Tom, you’ve answered it well. I think, Brian, we are beginning to really sort of hone the design of the Phase III trial that we will be discussing with the regulatory agencies. And as Tom has pointed out, we are seeing evidence that CCX140 is particularly effective in the patients with the high level of baseline albumin urea. It's also true that that patient population have a pretty steep decline in eGFR in -- that would actually be very meaningful in a Phase III study in the control group. So those aspects are all important in terms of design of the Phase III study and we’re beginning to put together what that study might look like.
Pirow Bekker: Brian, I think, the steps 3 of the CLEAR trial is going to provide us with a complete data set for this Phase II study, which I think will provide us with sufficient number of patients and a robust data say to approach agencies with regard to potential accelerated approval. So that's what I think our plan is at this point.
Pirow Bekker: With regard to your first question, you’re absolutely correct, Anupam. So with the Pfizer study, they only had a 12-week treatment period and so they showed a partial response rate of about 50%. I think the number was 48% at the 12-week time point, compared to the historical control of 28%, so three substantial improvement in the partial response rate. Unfortunately, they did not dose beyond 12-week, so they could not comment or provide data on progression-free survival. Our intent is to dose beyond 12 weeks, so that we could actually generate some data on progression-free survival and overall survival. And for that, the historical data is about 50% progression-free survival, right with fulfilling us only. So, I think we will be looking obviously for an improvement in that right. Our study depending on whether you have the full complete dataset or not, we will be looking at about a 60% plus progression-free survival rate to be clinically meaningful.
Pirow Bekker: Thanks, Tom. So again, this is a proof-of-concept study. We will be dosing our effective dose that we’ve shown in the ANCA-associated vasculitis study in Europe, the CLEAR study. So this is a 50-milligram twice daily. The dosing period is 15 days. We are planning to enroll up to approximately 10 patients in the study. And we want to, first of all, look at safety tolerability of the compound. These patients are patients with diagnosed aHUS who are on dialysis. And we will be looking at from an efficacy point of view, we will take the blood from these patients and evaluate that in the thrombus assay, as well as Thomas pointed out we’ve conducted some in vitro studies already with that. And we will also be looking at clinical outcome parameters, platelet counts, hemoglobin, LDH, C5a levels, C5b at complex levels and so on in these patients.
Dr. Thomas Schall: Thank you, Brian. We have ongoing work right now on the combination approach of CCR2 inhibition with other emerging therapies such as Checkpoint Inhibitors, yes, we do. We’ll be talking about some more of that work a little later on in this year. So we don’t have any details to give you right now. It’s very relevant, however, because even with the Checkpoint Inhibitors emerging is certainly very significant therapies. There is some limitations in dose, as you know and others will perceive for Checkpoint Inhibitors. So still a lot of benefit to be gained by looking at combinations and we're very optimistic about some of that work and the data we will be able to present a little later on. And the other question about CCX168. So, Pirow, perhaps, you want to say something about that.
Dr. Thomas Schall: Let me handle the last question first and I'll turn the first question over to Pirow. Thank you, Anupam. So, we certainly are moving forward as expeditiously, as we can to develop the clinical program for Phase III. As you know, our financial model does not entirely predict having Phase III development be done on all of our sole investments. So, we are actively looking at partnership opportunities for 140. I think there would be some preference if I'm also a potential partner to be involved in the end of Phase II discussions. However, I would not consider that a necessarily an absolute gaining item for us to go on, as we build out our clinical development plan.
Dr. Thomas Schall: Very good question. So what we really -- one of the reasons we did the pre-specified analyses is to look at the population that might be most amenable as a Phase III population among other things. So, I'll stress that the all-patients population, which ranges from 100 milligrams of albumin to a gram of creatinine in UACR up to 3,000. So it’s a fairly broad stretch, showed us a 44% improvement in eGFR. So the question is relevant, if you divide that into tertiles and the upper tertile of 800 mgs per gram of creatinine and above gives you 66% improvement then arithmetically some of the other cells was probably somewhat lower and you are quite correct. So what we see is the higher the albuminuria, the more profound the slope change in eGFR. And that's relevant obviously as we think about doing a Phase III trial. You could, in fact, based on the fact that the efficacy shifts seems to be quite pronounced in eGFR. And by the way for historical reference, drugs have been approved in the space mostly ACEs and ARBs. Losartan comes to mind because it has the most extensive data published from clinical trial. Losartan only gave us 16% eGFR slope change annualized benefit over the background medication at the time it was tested in Phase III. So we are really outstripping some of the historical magnitudes of benefit that one sees for approved agents in diabetic nephropathy. It’s interesting to scale in that way to think about those references. So when we think about the fact that we could in fact design a Phase III clinical trial that covers all the patients that we had in our original phase II trial design and that would take a certain number of patients over a certain number of months, and those numbers are certainly rather larger than if we just focused on the upper tertile of proteinuria, which is the 800 mgs per gram and above as I mentioned. There we could probably reduce considerably and the time to our Phase III endpoints is also reduced considerably. And so that makes it more accessible Phase III trial design, more affordable and shorter. So that's really one other things we are focused on in Phase III. Now, I will say even if you had a label, which was very restrictive, one will not think of that as necessarily problematic because as I mentioned in the remarks about 1.7 million people felt even that fairly restricted proteinuria description. I could give you another comparator, there are two other Phase III programs that people ask about from time to time, one is Atrasentan and AbbVie program in Phase III. If we look at their inclusion criteria in Phase III, it's about 1.8 million people described by proteinuria and filtration. And then also, pyridorin, NephroGenex’s compound in Phase III is about 0.9 million target population based on their inclusion parameters. So I would say that we are right -- predicted or at least one of the considered Phase III designs is as big a target population or bigger than the other [Axon] [ph] Phase III programs.
Dr. Thomas Schall: Certainly, Yatin. Thank you. I’ll let Pirow handle most of this question, but I’ll just give you some quick background. We have tested the sera of diagnosed aHUS patients in ex vivo assays where we run that sera over activated microvascular endothelial cells mimicking what happens we think in the real world and vessels including the kidney -- I'm sorry blood vessels of the kidney and other organs, but predominantly kidney. And what happens in that reaction is you get huge thrombus formation in the presence of that sera from the patients. Whereas if you run a normal person sera in the same assay you don't get thrombus occurring in that reaction. When we incubate that reaction with our drug, CCX168 we can inhibit the formation of the thrombus. We also see the inhibition of that formation of thrombus with eculizumab, Soliris. So the effects seem to be quite comparable at least as we take the patient sera out of the body and incubate with these therapeutically relevant agents, one of which is approved. So that's the background of what we are doing. In terms of how we are going in our dose to patients directly and what they look like, I’ll let Pirow take that part of the question.
Dr. Thomas Schall: Thank you very much. I really appreciate everyone's participation today and their questions. I look forward to talking more about our progress next quarter and wish everyone a great afternoon. Thanks again.
