Bob Bradway: Okay. Thank you, all of you, for joining our call. In the face of both macroeconomic and industry-specific challenges, Amgen remains laser-focused on delivering for patients and shareholders. Benefit of that focus was evident in the third quarter with volumes up a healthy 8% and 16% outside the United States. These results reflect the strong underlying demand for our medicines and the value they bring to patients even in challenging economic times like those prevailing at the moment. Revenues for the quarter were down 1%, reflecting a 5% net price decline consistent with what we communicated earlier in the year and a 2% impact from foreign exchange. All told, 11 of our products generated record sales in the quarter, and non-GAAP earnings per share increased 15% with free cash flows reaching $2.8 billion for the quarter. Looking forward, we remain focused on several growth drivers. With the recent closing of the ChemoCentryx acquisition, we're excited to have TAVNEOS in our portfolio. TAVNEOS is the first new treatment for ANCA-associated vasculitis in more than 10 years, and we're confident that we can leverage our decades of experience in inflammation and nephrology to bring this innovative medicine to many more patients moving forward. Two recently launched products, TEZSPIRE and LUMAKRAS, are off to solid starts. TEZSPIRE is performing well in asthma, and we have studies underway for several other indications for that product as well. LUMAKRAS is performing well globally with patients, payers and prescribers recognizing the importance of this innovation. With combination studies underway, we're exploring the many different ways this product may benefit patients through time. We have a number of key products led by Repatha, Otezla, Prolia and EVENITY that we know can benefit millions more patients globally than they do today. And let's not lose sight of the fact that these 4 products collectively generated $2 billion in third quarter sales with volume growth of 17%. We've built an industry-leading biosimilars business, having now launched five products in markets around the world, and we're months away from being the first company to launch a biosimilar to HUMIRA in the U.S. AMGEVITA is already the most prescribed HUMIRA biosimilar in Europe, giving us confidence as we prepare to enter the U.S. market. Looking forward, our next wave of biosimilars to STELARA, SOLIRIS and EYLEA are well positioned with our having now successfully completed Phase III trials for all three of these molecules. We have many potential new medicines advancing through our innovative pipeline, including Olpasiran, tarlatamab, rocatinlimab, bemarituzumab and AMG 133. These five molecules and several others that you'll hear about shortly from Dave Reese are vintage Amgen, which is first-in-class medicines that make a big difference for patients suffering from serious diseases for which there remains a real need for new and better treatments. Finally, we have a highly engaged and committed workforce, and I want to thank them, as always, for their great work. With that, let me turn over to our CFO, Peter Griffith.
Bob Bradway: Okay. Thank you, David. And Jason, why don't we now open the line up for questions. If you would remind our callers of the procedure, we can get started.
Bob Bradway: And Jay, let me just add, don't forget, we've - in the slides that we shared with you tefan [ph] we have the outside U.S. data available for you on all the different products. You'll see the current contribution from the international business there.
Bob Bradway: Okay. Well, again, let me thank all of you for joining our call. We appreciate your interest in Amgen. And let me just end by saying that we remain focused on ending the year strong and positioning ourselves for a good '23 and beyond. We look forward to having a chance to engage with you again here in a few short weeks or Monday and then in a few short weeks thereafter, at various conferences. So thank you and we'll look forward to seeing you soon.
David Reese: Yes. Thanks, Salveen. We know there's a lot of interest in this program. And as we mentioned, we'll be showing the data in full in the first week of December at the hybrid conference. Obesity is a large, very heterogeneous disease. It's a global public health problem. The things that I would look for in evaluating this molecule going forward will be the dosing; dosing interval; what are the kinetics of weight loss; how rapid is that weight loss; what is sustainability. And then finally, the overall tolerability. We do plan on using our extensive capabilities in human data to help shape our thinking and guide this development program as we move forward.
David Reese: Yes. We'll get back to you on the latter half of that question. I'll remember off the top of my head, Umer, what that is. But we're going to have -- in a month, you'll have the full data set with all of the cohorts broken out. So I think, at that point, it will be very clear. In terms of thresholds, as I discussed a short while ago, there are many potential avenues to differentiation here. Of course, degree of weight loss is one of them; but also dosing interval; what the kinetics are; importantly, durability; importantly, tolerability, since a fair number of patients transition off of these agents for tolerability. So those are the sorts of things that we'll be taking a look at as we assess whether we've got a differentiated product and it's worth our scale investment.
David Reese: Yes. No, I don't believe we announced we had started Phase II, Mike, but rather that we're in planning. We do expect to initiating the Phase II trial in the relative near term. And once that gets launched, of course, we'll talk about design and give guidance in terms of expected data availability. I wouldn't over think the GLP-1 component, and I'm not sure that's on point. I think, again, when we share the data in a month, you'll get a look at that.
David Reese: Yes. Thanks, Evan. Look, we understand there's a lot of interest in the dose comparison data. We're just getting the top line results to the FDA and other regulatory authorities. So it's premature to share these data prior to their review and the appropriate conversations. In regards to the combination trial, I believe you're referring to with checkpoint inhibitors, we're doing a lower dose lead-in, as I've mentioned before, and then layering on top of that dosing the checkpoint inhibitors. So they are then given concurrently going forward.
David Reese: Yes. Let me take the first part on 133. It's -- as I said, it's a multispecific or bifunctional molecule, meaning it's got an antibody component that inhibits the GIPR receptor. And then there's a component that agonizes GLP-1. So as you noted, you can expect antibody-like pharmacokinetics, and we'll be sharing all of that in a month. But that's what will drive the dosing interval. On 938, let me ask Murdo to comment briefly on that.
David Reese: Yes. Thanks for the question. The -- I think -- let me start with, again, the disease itself, obesity, which is a very heterogeneous disease. Obviously, it's one of the major public health problems globally right now. Our belief is that there are a number of diseases tucked within the label of obesity. Some patients have primarily cardiovascular manifestations; others, type 2 diabetes; others, mechanical problems. And so as I noted, we will be using our human data capabilities to further understand and potentially segment these populations to determine if there can be a particular benefit in subsegments of patients. And then I would just remind you of the things that we'll look for in this program as we go forward to see whether we have a differentiated molecule or not, dosing; again, the kinetics, in particular, pidity [ph] and sustainability of weight loss; and then overall tolerability. Those are the things that we'll be looking at as we take a look at Phase II data and determine as the field unfolds where we go from there.
David Reese: Yes. Thanks, Carter. That's a question we'll address it as we go forward. But I don't feel that it's essential that this be a diabetes medication. As I said, this is -- obesity powers a large number of diseases, and we're going to guide our development to where we think we get the most effect size.
David Reese: Yes. No, in terms of the combination, SHIP2 checkpoint inhibitor combinations, we're enrolling Phase II trial now with the SHIP2 combination that will guide our development. That's a combination that could potentially be applied regardless of PD-L1 expression levels. And then as I mentioned, we are exploring in the PD-L1-positive population a low-dose run-in of LUMAKRAS then followed by layering on of the checkpoint inhibitor. And as those trials enroll, I'll provide guidance in terms of when we have data readouts. And those data will determine how we think about the first-line population. Finally, let me remind everyone again that in the PD-L1-negative population, we're going to be looking at a chemotherapy plus LUMAKRAS combination.
Murdo Gordon: Thank you, Matthew. It's Murdo. We're obviously excited about the opportunity to launch the first biosimilar to HUMIRA. And so we are active in our discussions with payers and PBMs for that. We are not seeing a massive amount of change to ENBREL's access going forward, and we continue to believe we've got good regard on the payers and PBMs for the efficacy and the safety of ENBREL. And if there were to be a change in ENBREL pricing, it would be for volume gains. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we're declining in volumes about 3% year-on-year. Our goal is to maintain that and maybe even improve upon it. But we're not quite finished in the contracting cycle.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks, Jay. I think Repatha is a good example of how now with our broadened international presence, we're able to bring new products and new launches to the market fairly quickly. What we're seeing in China is rapid expansion of Repatha. Recall, we were on the market for just over a year prior to securing national reimbursement drug list. So we did establish good understanding education, awareness of Repatha. We were promoting it primarily for percutaneous coronary intervention patients or stent patients, where the unmet need was deemed to be highest amongst the private cash pay patient group. But I think what you're seeing is there's real demand in these markets to help millions of patients who are at very high risk of coronary vascular disease. And so we're continuing to build out our business in Japan and China. We had good volume growth in Europe. And obviously, we also had good volume growth in the U.S. So we're excited about the evolution of Repatha, and we continue to feel good about how that product will drive volume and revenue growth for us in the future. With respect to other launches, the other good example that we're seeing is just the LUMAKRAS launch given that we've got approval in roughly 40 markets, we've got reimbursement in roughly 30 markets, and we're pursuing reimbursement in the remaining countries. Our teams -- our oncology teams around the world doing a very nice job of identifying KRAS G12C second-line patients and making sure that they have LUMAKRAS as a treatment option. So I'm really pleased that the international presence we've been building for many years now is in full place, is functioning at a high level and delivering strong volume growth. Going forward, we have some partner products where we don't necessarily have the launches in every country where we have our partners to do that. But wherever Amgen has the global responsibility and rights for products, we're feeling very good about our potential and ability to launch them globally.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks for the question, Charlie. We're obviously pleased with the successful data readouts on those products and some that have been filed. We expect to be in the first wave of those biosimilar launches, and we're not disclosing specific launch timing on those products.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks for the question, Mohit. I think what's important to remember when you're thinking at least about U.S. biosimilars is products in the buy and bill or medical benefit side will continue to see price declines over time because of the way in which the average selling price calculation works. Products on the pharmacy benefit side, so think Medicare Part D products or commercial-insured retail pharmacy products, they are likely to have slower declines in the slope of their net price over time. Now both of those conditions depend on how many competitors for each molecule. So everyone is a little bit different. But I would hesitate to put a time frame on the class of products. I think you need to look at each one of the molecules. One thing I will say is we've been very clear on where we're going to get growth in our biosimilars portfolio, and that's by launching successive new biosimilars on top of our continuing base of business. Outside the U.S., biosimilar pricing tends to come down fairly rapidly and then can hold in some of the larger, what we call retail markets. In markets where it's a heavy tender business, prices will continue to decline as long as there are competitors in the market.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Yaron, we continue to want to be able to have a full complement of competitive biosimilar products that compete effectively with their innovative parent products. And we've, I think, done that very successfully, thanks to the talented team in our formulation and process development organization. So we feel confident that we'll be able to bring various concentrations across the portfolio as needed. So we're working on that one.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thanks again for the question. Maybe take the second part first. We haven't made any statements about when we will launch our biosimilar to STELARA, but we're pleased that we've got strong data in hand, and we're pleased that we've got the strength of the Amgen manufacturing network and commercial organization ready to go. And we'll track that space closely. We expect to be in the first wave of launches on STELARA, EYLEA and SOLIRIS, the next wave of new biosimilar launches. And we expect to be in the market in early Feb in the new year with AMGEVITA. The interchangeability stat is an interesting one. I think over time, that may grow in importance. But being first with AMGEVITA, we understand it to be of lower priority from payers and PBMs. But we do expect to have interchangeability in a relevant time frame for when the other biosimilar entrants to HUMIRA come into the market.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Robyn, thanks for the opportunity to clarify. I didn't say that we don't expect continued price declines on ENBREL. I said we don't expect the current price declines to be dramatically different going into next year. So we do expect to continue to concede price on ENBREL as the category is quite competitive, but we don't see the slope of that changing dramatically. And ENBREL is used across a broad range of patient types in rheumatoid arthritis as well as in psoriatic arthritis. I think what we see is we see a lot of frontline usage still, and we do see some post-TNF frontline usage. So I think that will continue. Not every patient is going to respond to TNF inhibitor, and many clinicians prefer the well-demonstrated safety and efficacy profile of ENBREL, and we think that will continue despite biosimilar options in the market. So that hopefully clarifies your question.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thanks, Tim, for the question. As I mentioned before, you do have to look at each product slightly individually in the circumstances that would generate or drive uptick. If we go back to the oncology biosimilars, we had an assumption at the beginning of those products that patients may not get switched on the maintenance phase of their treatment, so mid-cycle or mid-course of treatment. And what we saw, at least in the buy-and-bill space, for both MVASI and KANJINTI that -- was that oncologists were comfortable with the quality of the Amgen biosimilars and by the fact that they had access to our medical teams and our salespeople who are out there calling on them to help them understand the data behind our biosimilars. And so we did see mid-course of treatment switching to our biosimilars. So I think the threshold for what we thought would be a hesitancy on the part of the subscriber was different. And I think that we're looking closely at both SOLIRIS prescribers and EYLEA prescribers. And we've done some in-market research with both customer types, and we feel good about our opportunity to create value for the health care system by offering biosimilar alternatives to those 2 branded products. And we feel good about our chances of having a decent uptake on both.
