Bob Bradway: Okay. Thank you, Arvind, and hello everyone and thank you for joining our call. Through the first six months of the year, Amgen has continued to execute well, driving demand for our current products globally while also paving the way for growth from future products. Total revenues in the second quarter increased 5% over the prior year, and 11% over the prior quarter. We achieved this growth despite the lingering effects of COVID-19 and increased competition in many of our therapeutic categories.  We continue to see strong volume-driven growth from Repatha, Otezla, Prolia, and EVENITY, and a number of our oncology biosimilar -- oncology medicines as well, all of which address significant health challenges. We also saw strong growth in the quarter from our biosimilars, supporting our commitment to deliver value to healthcare systems around the world. We generated volume growth of 22% outside the United States, and we're particularly encouraged by our progress in the Asia-Pacific region, where two notable approvals in the second quarter should provide additional growth moving forward.  In China, our partner BeiGenesecured approval for Kyprolis, which joins BLINCYTO and XGEVA in our oncology collaboration there. And in Japan, the approval of Aimovig for migraine marks another important milestone for us in that market. In the U.S., we're excited by the strong launch of LUMAKRAS, which is providing hope to lung cancer patients in need of new treatment options. We’ve very pleased with the enthusiasm LUMAKRAS has generated in the oncology community.  We're also excited that the FDA granted priority review to Tezepelumab, further confirming our belief that it offers significant advantages over currently available treatment alternatives for people with severe asthma, a debilitating disease that affects millions worldwide. We've long sought to complement our internal innovation efforts with the best available external innovation. And in the first half of this year, we've executed on several compelling business development transactions which fits squarely in our stated areas of interest.  The acquisition of Five Prime Therapeutics and our partnership with Kyowa Kirin, for example, have added to potential first-in-class phase 3 ready assets in cancer and inflammation, two therapeutic categories where there remains a high unmet need. The acquisition of Teneobio, which Dave will address in a moment, will significantly strengthen our protein engineering capabilities across therapeutic areas. Our strong balance sheet and cash flows will enable us to take advantage of additional business development opportunities like these as they arise.  All the work we do is focused on advancing our mission to serve patients and to do so in a way that helps to address the many challenges facing society. You may have seen our recently announced plans to invest approximately $1 billion to build two new manufacturing facilities, one in North Carolina and the other in Ohio, to meet the demand for our medicines. Both facilities will utilize cutting-edge technologies to be much more efficient and environmentally friendly than traditional plants, supporting our goal of achieving carbon neutrality by 2027.  Both plants will also draw from very diverse talent pools as we, along with a number of other large companies that are part of the OneTen coalition, look to collectively hire 1 million black Americans into well-paying jobs over the next 10 years. You can learn more about our commitment to good corporate citizenship by reading our ESG report, which can be found in the responsibility section of Amgen.com. Finally, before I turn things over to Murdo, let me thank my Amgen colleagues for their continued commitment to serving patients around the world and delivering strong performance across all aspects of our business. Murdo, over to you.
Bob Bradway: Okay. Erica, let's open the lines for questions. Maybe you could remind our callers of the procedure and our [Indiscernible] for them to ask 1 question so that we have the opportunity to get through everybody who has a desire to ask a question of us. And I feel sure our callers would like to know that it's Arvind's birthday today, so bear that in mind when you ask questions here this afternoon. Okay. Erica, open them up.
Bob Bradway: So Alli, I'll just repeat what I've said many times before, which is that our business development efforts are focused on the areas where we have an ongoing strong research presence and/or commercial presence. So, you're right, we've been active in oncology and in the immunology area. We continue to look for opportunities in both those spaces as well as in general medicine.  And to the extent that we see things that we think we're going to add value to in nephrology or bone health, or the migraine area, we'll look there as well. So active efforts are underway and we look, again, across the marketplace actively. We'll focus on how we can earn a return for our shareholders from the assets that we might license or acquire. Are you just -- just sorry? Just quickly. I don't think I addressed your nephrology question. We don't have as much active research in nephrology and bone at the moment.  And because we haven't seen internally opportunities to advance novel therapies there, we think the medicines we have are addressing the needs in the marketplace very effectively, but to the extent that there are things outside of Amgen that fit well with our 30-years of leadership, for example, nephrology or with our global leadership in bone, and we pay close attention to that as well.
Bob Bradway: Okay, Erica. Well, let me just thank our callers for joining the call today. We're excited about the second half of the year, a lot going on here. And so, we look forward to having the opportunity to gather with you in October and update you on the next quarter. Appreciate your interest in Amgen. Thank you.
Peter Griffith: Thank you, Dave. And good day, everyone. I will briefly walk through our second-quarter financial results before discussing 2021 guidance. The second quarter marked another period of solid performance as we grew volumes 8%, increased investment in both internal and external innovation, and delivered 4% year-over-year non-GAAP EPS growth. As stated earlier, Q2 revenues at 6.5 billion increased 5% year-over-year. Other revenues at 412 million increased 38% year-over-year, primarily driven by shipments of the COVID 19 antibody therapy to Lilly. We continue to expect full-year 2021 other revenues to be in the range of 1.4 billion to 1.5 billion.  The second quarter's non-GAAP operating expenses increased 15% year-over-year as we continue to make investments to drive growth and maximize shareholder value. We expect full-year operating expenses, including approximately $200 million of operating expenses related to the Rodeo, Five Prime, and Teneobio acquisitions, and also to the [Indiscernible] collaboration on an absolute basis to increase about 6% to 7% over last year. While delivering a full-year operating margin of roughly 50%.  On a non-GAAP basis, the cost of sales as a percent of product sales increased 4.1% points on a year-over-year basis to 16.9%, driven primarily by product mix, including COVID-19 antibody shipments to Lilly, as well as, profit share and royalties. For the full year, we continue to expect the cost of sales as the percent of product sales to be 16% to 17%. Our cost of sales has increased as products with royalties and product share, profit share payments have increased. As a reminder, a few of our products subject to royalties are Aimovig and biosimilars such as MVASI, RIABNI, and KANJINTI.  Those subject to profit-sharing arrangements are Evenity and tezepelumab upon approval at launch. Non-GAAP R&D spending increased 11% year-over-year due to investments in [Indiscernible] acquired in Q2 as part of the Five Prime acquisition and increased investments in discovery research. For the full year, we continue to expect non-GAAP R&D spend. We'll increase as we progress our innovative early and late-stage pipeline programs. For the full year, we expect non-GAAP SG&A spend to decline. Non-GAAP other income and expenses were favorable by $146 million on a year-over-year basis, due primarily to our portion of BeiGene 's results, which we record one quarter in arrears.  Q1 Beijing results reflect the upfront payment Beijing received in connection with a collaboration agreement. We expect our Q3 and Q4 non-GAAP other income and expense to be more in range with our Q1 and expect full-year net expense in the range of 1.3 billion to 1.5 billion. Now, turning to the outlook for the business for 2021. we are excited by our pipeline. This innovation is augmented and balanced by the business development that we have announced this year. Based on underlying market dynamics and our investment plans, we are reaffirming our 2021 revenue guidance range of 25.8 billion to 26.6 billion.  And our non-GAAP EPS guidance range of $16 to $17. Notwithstanding absorbing roughly $200 million. operating expenses mentioned above related to business development activities, including Five Prime, Rodeo, Teneobio, and the Kyowa Kirin collaboration. These ranges reflect uncertainty continuing in the second half of the year related to emerging variance Patient visits and lab test procedure trends in the United States continue to improve, but still remain below pre-COVID-19 levels.  Our non-GAAP tax rate guidance remains unchanged at 13.5% to 14.5%. Our capital expenditure guidance remains unchanged at $900 million and our capital expenditures continue to reflect our investments in our manufacturing and related facilities, including improving their environmental footprint. Investments in digital technologies throughout our business, and increasing ESG investments. We expect share repurchases for 2021 to be in the upper range of $3 billion to $5 billion. This concludes the financial update. I'll turn it over to Bob for Q&A.
Peter Griffith: Salim, thank you. It's Peter. And on your question around the IRS matter, the dispute. Look, these notices are related to a transfer pricing dispute with the IRS regarding the allocation of the profits between the U.S. and the territory of Puerto Rico. So, you can see we have a difference of opinion on the value of the significant risks and the complexity we undertake with activities performed at our Puerto Rico facility.  We strongly believe the IRS' position is without merit, and we have appropriate tax reserves, and this dispute will take several years to resolve. I would like to note Salim that Puerto Rico is our flagship manufacturing facility, responsible for the majority of Amgen's global manufacturing. We're proud of our Puerto Rico operations, very proud of them, and our colleagues there. We've had a major manufacturing presence in Puerto Rico for about 30 years.  We have more than 2,200 highly skilled colleagues in Puerto Rico and who produce very sophisticated biologic medicines for patients all over the world with serious diseases. We've invested nearly $4 billion to expand and modernize those facilities in Puerto Rico, and we're proud to be consistently recognized as one of the island's best and most responsible employers. So, on the matter of interest rate, I'll have to refer you to the IRS for that, but that's the IRS matter in brief.
Peter Griffith: Terence, thank you. And, as always, we don't give long-term margin guidance, but what I'd really like to say, our Northstar around this, we always pause and think about our objective is to grow our after-tax cash flows for the enterprise versus targeting specific operating margin or OpEx growth rates. So, we're going to continue to make prudent investments that lead to that objective. So, I would just note, we're continuing to invest in internal, external innovation.  You've seen the fruits of that in the second quarter, the launches of new products, broader digitalization efforts. Secondly, we highlighted our expectation that R&D expenses are going to grow year-over-year as we increase our spend on AMG 160 and AMG 757 and dose-expansion. We’re going to rapidly advance those assets in the prostate in small cell lung cancer. We have three biosimilars in Phase III, three inflam in Phase II. Third, I'll just note Terence that we're absorbing the upfront costs related to the acquisition of Rodeo, as well as the cost of the Five Prime acquisition. our recent collaboration with Kyowa Kirin, and our recently announced the acquisition of Teneobio, which we do expect to close in the second half of 2021. We also plan to rapidly progress these Phase 3 ready molecules in the development of bema and KHK4083. We began being higher manufacturing costs in Q2.  Those were related to the Lilly COVID antibody effort. Net adds to the OpEx build for the rest of the year or two. But on a year-over-year basis, remember, we're comparing as depressed spend in Q2 and Q3 2020 due to COVID. So, at the end of the day, there's any number of financial metrics that we expect to be measured on by our investors and the analysts, and and we take pride in knowing that we want to end up really at the top of the group in terms of our operating efficiency. So that's very important to us. So, you can rest assured that we'll continue to stay focused on that.
Peter Griffith: Yes. Brian, thank you for the question. Look, we filed a petition with the U.S. tax [Indiscernible]. In this case, it could take several years to resolve. The IRS is also proposing significant adjustments to 2013 and '15, relate to similar issues. As you know. We disagree, strongly disagree with the proposed adjustments.  We're pursuing a resolution with the IRS Administrative Appeals Office on that. The IRS, as you notice, they're currently auditing the years 2016 through '18., so yes, we're sure they'll take the same position for the other periods under audit. We believe that we have adequate reserves for that.
David Reese: Thanks, Dave. So, as we mentioned, as you pointed out, this study in first-line, non-small cell lung cancer will be conducted in patients who are either a PD-L1 negative or STK 11 mutant. These are populations of patients, of course, who -- patients who don't typically benefit from checkpoint inhibitors, where there's really, we think a lot of residual unmet medical need. In fact, STK 11 mutational status may help confer resistance to checkpoint inhibition. So, that is the population that we're targeting.  Whether this can be potentially registration enabling or not, I think it's too early to speculate. The FDA has generally been clear that in first-line lung cancer, they wish to see randomized trials. So, one would have to anticipate having a pretty spectacular efficacy readout to lead to registration based on a single-arm Phase 2 trial. Obvious -- if we saw compelling data, we would have the appropriate conversations going forward. Okay. The next question.
David Reese: Yes. In terms of the Phase 3 trial, I think the best way to think about that, Umer, is that we expect data in the first half of next year. And given the general rapidity of progression of patients historically in second and third line lung cancer to standard therapy, the utility of an interim analysis may not be particularly useful, meaning the primary analysis often falls very quickly after an interim analysis. So, of course, we'll take a look at that and get a better sense in the second half of the year of the event rates.  But, I would really point to the primary analysis in the first half of next year as the major event. And then in first-line, as I said, we think that there is significant unmet medical need in the PD-L1 negative STK 11 mutant -- and/or STK 11 mutant population, given the relative refractoriness of those tumors to currently available treatments. And so, we're very much looking forward to getting that study launched shortly on and seeing the data readout. We'll provide guidance on timelines as soon as enrollment is really underway.
David Reese: Thanks, Jay. Given the regimen that we're studying, you can expect that most of the patients that have been enrolled on that particular combination of LUMAKRAS and Vectibix will have colorectal cancer given the backbone of Vectibix here, although the trial is open across malignancies for treating physicians to enroll patients if they feel that regimen may be appropriate. In terms of driving uptake of Vectibix, I don't want to speculate on that. Our job here is really to generate these combination data and see if -- we think we can really drive things forward, particularly in colorectal cancer.
David Reese: Yeah, thanks, Matt. I'm glad you brought up AMG 592, our IL-2 mutein. Just to remind everyone, this is a molecule designed to enhance the number and function of T regulatory cells, some of the key modulatory cells in the immune system. In many autoimmune diseases, the T regulatory access is out of whack. As you mentioned, we anticipate sharing Phase 1b data in lupus at a medical meeting towards the end of the year. And we'll look forward there -- being able to share those data with you. In addition, a Phase II trial in lupus is actively enrolling now.  And then finally, as you mentioned, Matt, we are launching a study in ulcerative colitis, another autoimmune disorder, in which there's quite a bit of evidence of dysregulation of the [Indiscernible] So I think it's really the Phase 2 readouts here that will be critical as we accrue those data. As always, we'll look to make sure that we are adding something to what is standardly available. In lupus, there remains a very large residual unmet medical need.  There was an approval within the last day or two, of course, but only the second drug in 40 years and a very large patient population, they're still requiring active medicines are ulcerative colitis particularly for a long-term remission is also an area with substantial unmet medical needs. So, it's full speed ahead in the IL-2 mutein program. We'll look forward to sharing this data with you.
David Reese: Thanks, Mike. Let me start with the second part first. You're exactly right. That's simply diversifying our experience. We're moving forward as I noted with both Revolution Medicines on combination as well as this new collaboration with Novartis [Indiscernible] we look forward to both datasets. In terms of the MEK or EGFR combinations, as I've said before, in terms of response rate, it's going to vary by line of therapy and indication in terms of what sort of increments that you want to see.  But generally, 10%, 20%, 30% relative improvement in response rates and progression-free survival, certainly beyond first-line, is typically what we would want to see and those are the rough sort of benchmarks that we'll use. And on these first cohorts, of course, the critical thing upfront is safety and determining appropriate doses, and then moving into expansion cohorts for efficacy. Thanks again.
David Reese: Yeah. Maybe I'll start with the question on combinations. Of course, the ones we like the best are the ones that work and that's what we're testing right now. It would actually -- all of these combinations have been selected for one or another reason or both. One, most importantly, is a biological possibility. so, reason to believe in either additive or synergistic effects.  And then two, if combining molecules are part of a background regimen, and so we think we're really covering the waterfront in terms of indications of interest with relevant combinations here. And at this point, Ken and I, I think it's really an empirical matter of generating the data. And of course, I will share that as we've outlined.
David Reese: Yeah. Thanks, Carter. We're very enthusiastic about this molecule. Atopic dermatitis is a disease with widespread prevalence actually in global populations. despite existing therapies. We think there is a very large amount of residual net medical need. Patients often cycle through therapies. Given the novel mechanism of action, we're targeting the OX40 pathway. We think there is quite a big opportunity to have a real impact in this field.  As I mentioned, we'll be presenting the Phase 2b data at the end of September at one of the major European dermatology meetings and I think there you'll get a sense of our thoughts on dosing and what things may look like going forward, and of course, as we have discussions with regulators, we'll outline our plans on the phase 3 program, which will in all likelihood be a suite of studies. Let me ask Murdo to comment a little further here.
David Reese: Yeah. Thanks, Cory. As we've discussed before, we're looking at both direct combinations and sequential therapy here. So, I think you can see -- you can expect to see data from both of those sometime through the first half of next year or so as we accumulate enough data to define what the relevant path forward is with a checkpoint inhibitor. So more to come there, but we continue to actively work on these development programs.
David Reese: Yes, thanks, Dane, I think to take the last part of your question. what we've seen are ongoing response rates consistent with -- response rates consistent with the data that you saw from the later cohorts that we presented a month or 2 ago. And in addition, we've actually been impressed with the duration of response. Most of these patients are third line plus, which, as you know, is a very aggressive disease in small cell lung cancer. And durable responses here are vanishing rare. So that I think is in addition.  What really gives us encouragement here. As we discussed the potential registrational path with the FDA in the coming weeks, I think we will focus on the patient population, but I think the initial foray is likely to be those later lines of therapy. We are moving forward in our development program now and are actively investigating earlier lines of therapy as well. That is clearly the end game that we're pointing for with Tarlatamab. And given the sort of activity that we're seeing in the clinic right now.
David Reese: Thanks, Michael. I think you're exactly right. With the chemotherapy combinations, number one. And then going into biomarker selected populations. As we've discussed in terms of our planned upcoming first-line [Indiscernible] which we'll be launching on shortly. And so, should checkpoint inhibitor combinations not be feasible, I would expect that we would piece together other routes to first-line to find patients who are most likely to benefit.
David Reese: I mean, I think the short answer here is no, and we remain extremely bullish about tezepelumab, given its activity across a range of patients with asthma, regardless of eosinophil count. As we mentioned, we were granted priority review by the FDA. Clearly an acknowledgment of the potential fit of this medicine with a large residual unmet medical need. So that's [Indiscernible]. That doesn't really give us positive [Indiscernible].
Murdo Gordon:: Yes. Thanks, Geoff, I would say throughout the course of last year, we saw a slowdown in the number of bio-naive psoriasis patients moving into the market based on COVID disruption to patient visits. And given that Otezla is an early option in the treatment of psoriasis, we were impacted by that, I would say more than the biologics which tend to gain growth from Otezla and from each other. So that slowdown in the new patient diagnoses last year compounds our growth rate this year. The good news of the quarter is we saw new patient trends tick up. So, we did see 10% growth in new patients, prescribed new-to-brand prescriptions in the quarter.  However, this was somewhat offset by an increase in the number of patients that switched away from Otezla to another treatment. And we think that that was pent-up treatment decision-making that didn't happen because patients weren't going to see their dermatologists last year. There were some price reductions mostly related to our co-pay programs, but that's usually a good indication of new patients starting.  So, overall, I would say it's primarily COVID impact. With respect to other products coming in, I'm not sure how to answer that. What I can say is we continue to like our share position, that our share has held in the share of bio-naive psoriasis patients, and we continue to feel optimistic about the growth of Otezla given the pending indication in mild-to-moderate patients, which should come hopefully by the end of this year. Teams continue to execute well. Our field execution, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, is improving. And we're very focused on making sure we continue to grow Otezla over the long haul.
Murdo Gordon:: Sure. Thanks for the question, Ronny. I'm hesitant to go out too far. What we are seeing, of course, and inflammation right now, there is a lot of new entrants, a lot of new mechanisms, and a lot of competition which is increasing. the gross-to-nets, that new [Indiscernible] have to pay to secure access. We're also seeing increased management by the large national PBMs of national formularies as to which mechanisms get placed in a preferred status versus being held in reserve after patients fail in earlier lines of therapy.  So, if we take rheumatoid arthritis as an example, I do see TNS continuing to entrench themselves in that first-line position, and novel mechanisms are likely to be in the second and perhaps even third line after patients have failed to have a resolution of their RA symptoms or improve the progression of their disease. In the biosimilar dynamics, I think we're seeing now the increase in interest from both payers, and PBMs, and providers, given some of the trends that we're seeing with the early biosimilars in the inflammation category. And I do think that interest in biosimilars will increase.  And I think that biosimilar penetration of parent molecule or originator molecule will accelerate with the new entrant. So, we're expecting that to be the condition on the [Indiscernible] by the time we launch AMGEVITA In the U.S. But overall, I would just come back to the strength that we have as a Company given our portfolio of innovator or originator molecules enhanced with the presence of our biosimilar portfolio. And I think that affords us an opportunity to serve many patients across a host of autoimmune diseases, as well as serve -- providers, payors, and PBMs with a lot of value to deliver to the healthcare system.
Murdo Gordon:: Thanks Geoffrey, for the question. I would say, it's again, hard to project into the future as to how the healthcare system's payors and providers will change in their adoption of biosimilars. But I think given that Denosumab is a Part B product, the oncology biosimilar curves would be a close approximation of what we defining for.
Murdo Gordon:: Yes. Thanks. Alethia. We're quite happy with the performance of Repatha and us now to really treat a large number of patients, we reached a million patients now with Repatha. So quite a milestone. The overall dynamic that is dragging price down is really a U.S. Part D patient dynamic, as patients enter into the coverage gap or as we sometimes refer to the donut hole. And as we expand our percentage or share of business in the Part D or Medicare Part D business and segment of the market.  We will see some net-negative price drag quarter-over-quarter. Now, it's not -- not going to be as precipitous as the price changes that we've made historically. So, our volume is outpacing that and we will see that drop to the net sales lines. So overall, good evolution. We're also seeing nice growth on Repatha ex-U.S. where the price is relatively stable year on year. So that part of the mix is helping bolster price evolution over time as well. But some slight drag will continue. But again, it's a good sign because it means we're expanding that Medicare pool of patients much more rapidly than we did historically.
Murdo Gordon:: And, Ken, and we haven't announced our timing on EYLEA, but we are moving quickly in the enrollment of that program and we anticipate being early in the sequence of launches for that product.
Murdo Gordon:: Yeah, Carter, we obviously pay close attention to the JAKs safety concerns as raised on the Xeljanz data and applied some reduction in JAK penetration assumptions to the AD market when we were evaluating the attractiveness of the OX40 asset. And I think that was one of the drivers here. We [Indiscernible] that the biologic still has a large role to play. We think initially the OX40 asset will establish perhaps a second-line opportunity in the market. And we can expand from there. But the portion of the market that we think will be addressed by JAKs is probably smaller than was once considered.
