Bob Bradway: Okay, thanks. As Sean said this is an exciting time and a lot going on at the Company, so let's open it up for questions now. If we can ask our Operator to remind everybody of the procedure.
Bob Bradway: David do you want to reiterate your R&D tax credit point as well, just to make sure that Matt and others would…
Bob Bradway: Obviously, we’re – the negotiations continue to be underway here in the U.S. and internationally. And with respect to Humira, Mark, we are excited about confidence in the clinical data that we have and as you would expect we’re preparing to file those data with regulators. We recognize that there is intellectual property here that needs to be respected but we will continue to advance our molecule and continue to assess the intellectual property that’s in place. And if we have a dispute, well the good news is, there’s a process for resolving that dispute and we will push forward on that basis.
Bob Bradway: Well, let me answer the question around the independent and the dialysis units. Right now they receive the supply from us. We are delighted to see the level of switching that’s taking place from EPOGEN to Aranesp amongst both the independence of both the medium and small dialysis centers. So we’ll continue to work with them as we go forward. On Enbrel, the net price always depends on a combination of price increases on list versus large amounts of contracting. Enbrel competes at a highly competitive environment, where payers make decisions around where products are on their more reason in terms of a preferred tier and non-preferred tier based on the rebates. And when you’re on a preferred tier you pay rebate, if you aren’t a preferred tier you don’t pay the rebate. So it’s a huge amount of dramatic changes inside hundreds of additional plans.
Bob Bradway: And I think just to add to that Sean I think what we demonstrated in the ASPIRE study was unprecedented in terms of PFS in the second line relapse setting and the data that was presented elotuzumab is so-called eloquent study again difficult to make cross trial comparisons but is certainly was not comparable to what we saw.
Bob Bradway: With respect to the regulatory environment for other mechanisms such as CTEP inhibition, I think what I would say we're going to observe is what we saw with the PCSK9 class, which is regulators really taking into account in their determinations around what evidence base would be necessary to gain market access, and what kind of population should be included in initial labeling prior to outcome studies, that's going to be predicated very much on mechanism. And I think in the case of PCSK9, there was a certain value placed on the science that underlies that mechanism and the fact that thus far, we’ve not had a situation for example, where the mechanism had been tested and failed in large outcomes trials so it’s going to be a case-by-case determination by regulators based on the mechanism and the evidence base that exists and whether or not there is safety overlay and that sort of thing. So it’s not a simple question to answer. I think but I think that the parameters that will be weighed are fairly clear.
Bob Bradway: Okay, great. Well, thanks everybody for participating in our call and you know myself and my team will stick around for a while, so if you have any other questions or thoughts feel free to give us a call. Have a good day.
David Meline: I’d say the one place that kind of jumps out is if you look at the tax rate which is up year-over-year, more than actually we previously indicated the rate would go to, is probably the biggest area where we see some differences, which is frankly part of the reason why I thought it would be helpful to give you a preliminary view of what we think is going on in 2016. I think the good news in that regard is while we’re generally in line with consensus overall it would imply I think that we’ve got somewhat better operating performance we see for the business next year than perhaps the analysts have in their models right now.
David Meline: Yes, so the rate that we’ve got out there for next year as is the case with this year, again we’ve chosen to exclude the R&D tax rate from the calculate – the R&D tax credit because of the ongoing uncertainty of that eventually being passed and impacting unfavorably on the rate.
David Meline: Great, and with respect to omecamtiv mecarbil, what I would say is that we're in the usual stage of having just seen these data. We have partners to review the data with we're working with really the top key experts in heart failure from around the world and have been for years on the program. So we have to review the data with them and of course talk with the regulators through the usual and the Phase 2 sort of meetings before we can reach a formal decision about whether to proceed and in what exactly format, in terms of study designs and that sort of thing. So it's all the usual steps that we have to go through for a very significant decision to advance into – outcomes trial in a setting like congestive heart failure, but we are very pleased with the data that we generated from the study.
David Meline: No, it certainly not. I think the question presumed that you can’t make the comparison as well across the studies and of course we all recognized there are limitations to making study – cross study comparison.
Tony Hooper: Terence, it’s Tony. So let me respond. I mean, obviously we launched in September, so it was not much of a quarter, so I think you’ll probably see a better reflection of sales in the fourth quarter and once we finish all our negotiations. The utilization criteria the payers are putting to place are pretty much in line with the label at the moment, so high-risk patients with diagnosed after a disease who have LDL above 130, that's where we see the patients.
Tony Hooper: Sure. So we have launch in Europe as we know, and we do have patients at the moment in the UK, some Scandinavian countries and Germany.
Tony Hooper: Sure, I mean, let me then just add that, as we look at the assumptions in place by 2016 numbers, we don’t assume any new additional biosimilars until the second half of 2016. As regard to the on-body Injector for Neulasta, we continue to be very excited about the launch and the uptick in the marketplace. As I said, just over 60% of our customers or accounts that have actually purchased at least once, and the average market share was about 19% in the third quarter and that market share keeps growing.
Tony Hooper: Eric, obviously that’s a topical question. I guess the important thing from our perspective is to reflect on what our business model is, which is to develop innovative medicines directed against serious diseases, and we tried advance medicines that have a big effect for patients and with that, big effects for society. So if you look at the six medicines we’re launching, that’s exactly what the medicines represent, and you know we think medicines that have a big effect size for patients, medicines that create value. And so we anticipated this moment and the development work that we’ve been doing, anticipated it in our strategy, and then the molecules that we’ve chosen to advance. So again, this doesn’t come as a surprise to us, that there are questions about the value of the medicines and the price and we think the more we can do to help focus on the economic burden of diseases like cardiovascular disease, cancer, neuro-degenerative diseases and the significant prospect or opportunity that our medicines represent against those, the more appropriate framing for the discussion. So I wouldn’t say there’s anything particularly precipitous changing for those of us that are at the innovative biopharmaceutical and other than the fact that we’re incredibly exciting window of time here with lots of important new innovative medicines against, again some of the vaccine, tough diseases that we all face.
Tony Hooper: So, just to Bob’s point again, right? So the price increases we take in the marketplace are based on the value of our products bring to market and the competitive environment in which they operate. In the EPOGEN situation, Fresenius, it represents about one-third of the marketplace in the U.S. and they are in the process of converting a large amount of their business to Masera. I think they will be probably be announcing within the next couple days, how much of their business they have converted. And I didn't get the question on Neulasta, sorry.
Tony Hooper: Okay, so, net-net as I said the end-user purchases for Neulasta, Xgeva and EPOGEN were just in excess of $100 million in the third quarter, and we expect that to burn off in the fourth quarter.
Tony Hooper: So we have no idea what the agreement is between Fresenius and Roche who is supplies Masera to them. And our pricing decisions, I’ll tell you might not just on our contract with Fresenius but the overall dialysis market in the U.S. And so we are balancing existing customers and customers who were possibly changing their portfolio.
Tony Hooper: We were delighted that Express Scripts left the option of which drug to use to physicians and patients and we continue to believe that’s the best place to be in the marketplace. That’s our position as we go out to market but we are in the middle of negotiations so we don’t know where we are going to land.
Tony Hooper: Okay. And then on the M&A question, Ying. As we said a year ago, that we would focus on early stage transactions and if you look at the activity that we engaged in over the past 12 months, you can see we brought in a lot of earlier stage innovative new products and technology opportunities. And we said more recently that we’re opening the aperture a little bit, beginning to look at our broader range of things including potentially some larger things. We think obviously that the valuations in the sector are probably more favorable now for the later stage assets than they were a year ago. And so, we’re continuing to look and I think it may be some time, however, before the owners of those late stage assets adjust their pricing expectations to reflect the current trading environment. But we’re continuing to look for nothing to report on the call.
Tony Hooper: Just to remind everyone that the product not approved in the U.S. yet so I think we should wait until the FDA makes a decision and we can see a label.
Tony Hooper: So Geoff, let me just reiterate I mean having long – a number of cardiovascular drugs in my life this one feels pretty good. I mean the level of discussion we’re getting among cardiologists and high prescribing primary care physicians is more than what I would have expected. They really understand the value of lowering LDL and understand what the statins have delivered in terms of the outcomes data, so in my mind, the understanding is there, the demand is there, and the need is there. The slow march we are taking with payers in the U.S. of course is reducing the opportunity for patients to get access to these drugs early, with the likelihood of Express Scripts having made this decision and we work actively with the other guys to get product up and running. The utilization criteria at the moment they’ve set in places is fairly tight to insure that patients step through a number of situations, but I continue to believe that what we are seeing in terms of patients being referred to the hub for insurance verification, I feel pretty confident about that. In Europe, of course the label is slightly broader but we do take longer to negotiate with the various countries country by country in Europe.
Tony Hooper: This is Tony. The IMS data has not been very clear in terms of actual prescriptions up until about a week or two ago, so I would imagine the data the terms are coming now is accurately representing the number of patients receiving a prescription from a pharmacy. This of course doesn't take into account the patients that are moving through the hubs either run by ourselves or by our competitors, assisting patients during the verification process, as plans go through their formulary and guideline of pathway process to decide how and when to allow the usage of these PCSK9s.
Tony Hooper: So normally contracts are for annual period but by definition, any change in a contract will then impact your year-over-year calculations for four quarters in a row, so clearly, there are contract changes that impact the net selling price in quarter three, yes.
