Thomas Schall: Steve more details to come, of course. I don't have the exact details to give to you today. I will say this that we modeled the rituximab cyclophosphamide usage pretty much how the geography where the trial was going to be mapped out. So approximately about 1.25 or 1.3 rituximab to every 0.6-or-so cyclophosphamide just given the global distribution. And so I have no reason to believe that we'll be too variant from that, but I just don't have the details at this moment.
Thomas Schall: I think the short answer is they're all theoretically well powered rather and, of course, the details are -- for example, when you have quality of life, you actually have several categories within quality of life. And so the question is, is there a way to talk about those in aggregate or do you talk about categories individually. In Phase II, we talked about categories more or less individually, but it was very clear, 6 of 8 of those categories in the SF-36, by way of example, was statistically p less than 0.05 in advantage to avacopan relative to the baseline readings and relative to the standard of care. So we're fairly optimistic that with the larger N in the ADVOCATE trial, we'll be able to show reasonable p-values across a number of very important secondary end points and in short we tried to power the numbers appropriately to at least show folks where we thought we were seeing meaningful benefit in some of those areas.
Thomas Schall: Wonderful questions, Michelle. Thank you so much. When we think about glucocorticoid toxicities in these trials, I think we have a couple of different things that inform our ideas and informed how we set up ADVOCATE. So number one, we're using more or less the same steroid regimen that we used in CLEAR. So we certainly have some experience with what I call the more modern practice of the GC regimens over 6 months, which is a little bit lower than what was used historically and incrementally lower than what was used in RAVE but not -- again, not too much lower but a more modern practice I would say.  When we took in aggregate the normal serious adverse event categories related to GC use, things like incipient diabetes, bone fractures, weight gains, psychiatric disorders and infections and maybe a couple of others as well, we and others have used that as a sort of basket of common glucocorticoid-related SAEs and safety events over the history of this and other indications. As we knew from CLEAR, overall, we had a significantly -- a significant fewer number of those events in aggregate with avacopan therapy versus the standard of care. Certain categories were very interesting. And again, we'll just have to see what happens with the greater end.  So we'll use that same bucket of categories that's been traditionally used. And again, I'm optimistic that we ought to be able to show in aggregate significantly fewer events with avacopan than with the standard of care. We're also using this fairly newly developed glucocorticoid toxicity index, which is very data rich indeed, there's lots of stuff that goes into it, and it was developed by John Stone and colleagues of Mass General. We are probably the first trial, blinded trial of scale, to really look at how that will read out.  So I won't make too many comments on it yet, but I'm very keen to look at how that might be a service to us and others as we truly look in detail and in depth at the effects of glucocorticoids. It is notable too in clinical trials that infections -- we're all interested in infections. RAVE was interesting because, as you probably know, the average rate of serious infections in RAVE was about 11%. Across that study of 200 patients in two arms, both arms were getting the glucocorticoid regimen. In the real world, people believe that serious infections are maybe double or even more than double that rate. So I always like to remind people that in clinical trials, patients are superbly well looked after.  Moreover, they are taking a lot of note about their own health. And so symptomatology, that might go to a serious infection, in real-world practice, will get caught earlier in clinical practice and a clinical trial and people will get therapy for those events a lot earlier. So it's not unusual to see diminished rates of infection in a clinical trial setting over what is known from real-world evidence. Nevertheless, we are very optimistic, again, that we'll be able to show -- we hope we'll be able to show as we look to those events that there should be significance in difference in aggregate and maybe trends in some of the individual categories with glucocorticoids.  Clearly, economically, to get I think to the final aspect of your question, it's interesting. Obviously, hospitalizations are a huge burden on the health care system. Infections drive a lot of that. Infections and rehospitalization for infections is a big driver. But it's by no means the only driver and, in aggregate, may not even be the main driver when one also considers certain things that are not often talked about like fairly severe significant psychiatric issues that require care, usually quite urgent in acute care, very expensive care. And then there's the other what I call the sleeper of glucocorticoid use, and this shows up in mostly quality-of-life metrics, but it's been shown in looking at just GCs a little bit in a more focused way, and that is a diminished sense of vitality.  So if you look at SF-36, there's a category for vitality. Now that sounds like a very vague term, but the largest part of the vitality score comes from chronic fatigue. And that's important in a very broad economic way because that's what keeps people out of the workforce. So I get asked a lot about the vitality component of quality-of-life assessments, which, in the CLEAR trial, we had a significant improvement over 12 weeks in vitality in the SF-36 from that trial. And I'll remind everyone it was a blinded trial, so we didn't know that result until the unblinding, and it was really quite remarkable to folks that follow that sort of stuff, so that is also a big economic feature and one that will factor into discussions around this and other programs going forward.
Thomas Schall: Michelle, with apologies, you're cutting out. So I am not -- I only caught maybe every third word of your question.
Thomas Schall: Great. Yes, Ted, obviously, that's the key question on our mind as well, or key set of questions. We, of course, assume success. I think we believe in success based on the data from the previous trials and all the blinded data and the preponderance of all the information we have. So naturally, we must plan for success in ADVOCATE. An NDA filing in the United States is quite a profound undertaking. We understand that deeply. We have assembled a regulatory team here at ChemoCentryx now over the past couple of years, which is I believe one of the best in the industry.  They have multiple, in fact, among the team, many dozens of NDA filings and launches under their belt. We have a raft of recent FDA personnel on the consultant role. And so I think we're moving along beautifully and putting together all of the necessary components of the future NDA filing. And we're really well on track to do that. Once we have our top line data, again, we believe we'll be well within industry standards in terms of time from top line to the ability to file the NDA. And of course, the NDA requires obviously, a finalized clinical study report, all your CMC has to be in shape, et cetera, et cetera.  We, I must say, for a small company, I'm really proud to say that we anticipated a lot of these questions, and I must say we've had the benefit under the previous so-called prime designation in Europe of understanding what we needed to do to get in shape for a licensing application. And so we had some -- a little bit early heads-up with that, and that was great. So we got ahead a lot of the critical questions. I won't go in any -- to the details today. Suffice it to say, we're very cognizant of CMC, we're very cognizant of drug supply, we're very cognizant of all those things beyond just clinical data that need to go in these applications. And these have all gone really, really well, and we've had many discussions with a variety of regulators. So in the U.S., we're in great shape, and we are building our commercial infrastructure as we speak. So a big part of our growth plan, Ted, and already our people on staff doing all of the stuff that will go into how we market avacopan in the United States where, as you know, we own it 100%.  We have a great partner, a very capable partner in Vifor Pharma and their partners, Fresenius Medical Care and, in fact, avacopan will be marketed, I believe, through their joint company Vifor Fresenius Medical Care Renal Pharma in their strong spots throughout the world, and then they sublicense commercial rights to Kisei [ph], and this is all public information in Japan, so all the same to us. They've got a great commercial infrastructure. They've been doing lots of work to sort of plug-and-play both avacopan and eventually 140 into their commercial field force ex U.S. I'm very impressed with what they've done. And it's great for us because the economics are really quite good.  We will take down off top line aggregate cumulative sales in all of their territories, royalties from the top line ranging from the teens to the mid-20s based on very shallow sales tiers. So I'm a big believer in Vifor Fresenius and Kisei getting every last dollar of sales because it all goes to the top line and potentially gets me to another tier. That works out great, and we have approval -- filing and approval milestones as well in those other territories.  So economically perfect for me and ChemoCentryx and our shareholders. So I think that this is going to be something that you'll all be impressed with as we start talking about more of these details getting into the coming year 2020, so that we can anticipate a great launch right after PDUFA. So more to come on the details but I assure you this takes up a huge amount of our time and effort here.
Thomas Schall: Absolutely, Ed. I hope the answer is yes to both of your questions and, in fact, already is in process. We are doing a lot of work on the pharmacoeconomic prospects for the drug. There'll be more data coming out from others as well as some of our own data coming out over the next year about the health economics surrounding avacopan and its opportunity. Naturally, we plan on putting out not just one but a series of papers in the referee journals talking about the data in some detail. So that plan is really well established here. And again, once we get through the top line readout, I think you'll see lots of information coming out in what I call a fast and frequent way, one hopes, that will help you address all these questions.
Thomas Schall: Ed, I would say it's nearly fully enrolled in the first stratum. And you're right, disproportionately, we're getting more of that second stratum. So we'll -- I'll have more to say about the details of how we're going -- the trial conduct and what we plan to do in the coming quarter.
Thomas Schall: Well, with that, I want to thank everyone for joining our call today and all the excellent questions. For those of you who will be at the American Society of Nephrology meeting, we look forward to seeing you and then subsequently updating you further in the near future as we make progress this quarter and beyond. So you may now disconnect, thank you again.
