Robert A. Bradway: Okay. Thank you, Sean. Let me just quickly wrap up on the year, and then we'll open up for questions. As I hope you can tell from our remarks, we have a clear strategy for long-term growth and we're executing it effectively. That's reflected in our financials with 6% revenue growth, 12% EPS and 4 percentage points of margin improvement. The Repatha outcome study we believe will enable us to show once more how innovation benefits patients and society. Now the court's recent ruling in our patent litigation is a win for the patent system and patients as it reinforces incentives for the large and risky investments we have to make in innovation to bring forward new medicines to treat serious diseases. With respect to innovation, we advanced our next set of late-stage innovative pipeline opportunities and our biosimilars program as well. We generated $10 billion of free cash flow as reflected in our free cash flow yield of 8%. We look forward to working with the administration to advance market-based reforms and solutions that further promote innovation. And as we work to address the headwinds that we've identified for 2017, I'd remind you we've made excellent progress on our long-term commitments for 2018, and we're on track to meet or exceed them. So with that, Frederick, why don't we open the line for questions, and if you wouldn't mind, let's remind our callers once more what the process is for asking questions of us. Thanks.
Robert A. Bradway: Hey first, Mark, on behalf of the team, great to hear your voice. Welcome back. Sean, go ahead. There's two questions there, why don't you...
Robert A. Bradway: Sean, you might also just remind Mark and other listeners that we could also see some setbacks for other small molecule programs directed against BACE before we know that there's only CNP520..
Robert A. Bradway: So, Ying, thanks for your question about the job creation. Couple things, first, these were jobs that were expected, contemplated in our plans for 2017. So this is a reflection both of our ongoing confidence and the attractiveness of the environment here in the US, and of the outlook we have for long-term growth. And we were happy to be able to share that publicly because as I said, that reflects what's our current planning assumptions. So in terms of where the jobs are, really across the business. If you want to look at some specific new areas for us, obviously we look forward to standing up a neurology franchise with our partners at Novartis and we have exciting incremental opportunity coming in bone health that we expect to be investing in. And we have some staff that we'll be hiring here to support our ongoing international expansion as well. So as you know, we launched 94 product/country opportunities last year. And so we're continuing to support those with incremental hiring. But generally, in our transformation efforts of the last few years we've been reallocating resources to where we see the most attractive growth opportunities and we'll continue to do that in 2017.
Robert A. Bradway: I think the tax reform guidance that's out now in public is probably appropriate. So I don't think tax reform is going to be in the first wave of things to see coming out of the new administration and out of Congress, but I think we will see it this year. And we talked at some length about this, including comprehensive tax reform and repatriation and whether they'll be linked or separate. So we appreciated the administration and the President's updated guidance on that. But what I'd say, Matthew, is we expect that we'll see it. And generally, I think we're going to find that this is an administration with an action bias and I think they're going to expect to see ideas from us and others in pretty short order here to start addressing some of the concerns that they want to address for the American people. So the good news is we as a company and we as an industry have some ideas and we look forward to being able to sit down with the administration and Congress and talk about them and see what we can do to work together and make some progress.
Robert A. Bradway: Yeah, I mean I appreciate that there's a lot of interest in the discussions we had in Washington, and that's why I wanted to try to address it proactively. Again, genuinely I think that those of us that were there were encouraged by the level of interest that the President has in our businesses and in our industry, I think encouraged by the respect he has for the importance of innovation. He spoke about the need to eradicate disease in his inaugural address, and I think recognizes the power of innovation to do that. So all that, Robyn, gives us great encouragement. He talked, I think, publicly when we were with him about the need to look at areas of reform, tax reform, regulatory reform, intellectual property protection, trade policy. So all of those, I think, are encouraging for us. He's also been very clear that drug pricing is something that's important to him, and that I'm sure he's going to want to be able to deliver real benefits to the American public on that score. So obviously, I'm not in a position to comment on what he's going say, when. But I was trying to convey that genuinely we came away pleased that the administration led by the President was interested in engaging with us on the business, and we look forward to working with them and Congress to try to identify things that we all can do differently to help provide access to medicines for the people who need them. So again, I know that there's an interest on the call and by investors to better understand this, but I don't think I could add any other perspective beyond what I've already said Robyn. And with respect to Neulasta, Tony, maybe you can address her question.
Robert A. Bradway: Yeah, I think, Ronny, I'm not sure we want to comment about matters that relate to the ongoing litigation. And with respect to interchangeability, what I would say generally, is that we think that the pathway that looks like going be pursued here in US for interchangeability is consistent with what we've been advocating for and doesn't represent a change from what we've expected. So I think that's probably, from a competitive standpoint, all I want to say at this point. Again, consistent with what our expectations have been and consistent with what we've been advocating for.
Robert A. Bradway: Okay, Geoff, I think there were three questions there. But with respect to your first question. I think that we expect that the court will rule on the request for a stay of the injunction on or before February 21. With respect to the overall resolution of the case after that, I think it'll probably be something in the four to 10 month timeframe but we'll know more when we've heard from the courts and that will, of course, be public. And then with respect to your question about the patent outlook in Europe, obviously we don't like to comment about ongoing litigation. So I think I'll hold off on saying anything more than that. And again with respect to Erenumab, we feel confident in both the clinical profile that's emerged for that molecule, as well as our intellectual property portfolio around it.
Robert A. Bradway: Salim, I think we can answer your first question because that's in public, the answer's public there.
Robert A. Bradway: Okay. I think we got a couple more questions queued up. So let's try to get to those, and then Arvind will be here and his team can take any follow-up questions that you all may have. So let's get to our last couple questions here.
Robert A. Bradway: Brian, I don't think I could comment on that specifically yet. I think you're right that we expect there will be an announcement about an FDA leader here soon. I think this President takes seriously what he's said about regulatory reform. And I suspect that will be reflected in his choice of a leader for FDA. But again, I think we'll all just have to wait and see. And we didn't talk any specifics about the role of HHS. We talked about the need for all of us to work together to address making medicines affordable and accessible to people who benefit from them, and who need them. But again, it was a constructive discussion, Brian.
Robert A. Bradway: All right. I think at this time, we'll wrap up. As I said earlier, Arvind and his team are around for those of you who have follow-on questions or didn't get a chance to ask your questions in the hour and a bit that we've been together. But let me just again thank you for joining the call and say we're looking forward to the year. We're excited about the outlook for long-term growth and about the progress that we're making towards our 2018 commitments. So with that, we'll look forward to seeing you all at ACC. Thank you.
Sean E. Harper: Yeah. The first one I can't answer. The second one I would say that we really don't see any read through on the decision Lilly has made with their antibody to the approach of small molecule BACE inhibition. And I think that I still am a very strong believer in BACE as a drug target and don't believe that really any of the data that's emerging with these antibodies changes the point of view we have on the amyloid hypothesis.
Sean E. Harper: Right. Right. We do have the point of view and it's one that exists in the field as a whole, that it may be too late to intervene in patients who have frank Alzheimer's disease already at the time that we begin to administer these products in relatively short-term clinical trials. And this is why we and a few others are focusing on patients who are predisposed to developing cognitive impairment but are cognitively normal when they enter the treatment phase of the trials. And that's the approach we're taking. So I think we could actually see even some failures of BACE inhibitors before we see success of BACE inhibitors and certainly the antibodies are a much tougher proposition in my mind.
Sean E. Harper: Yeah, so it's the latter. You should probably not make conclusions (49:53) about the data based on absence of statements in the press release. And we are working. As you might imagine, this is a reasonably high priority for us at the company at the moment, so we have people working right now really hard on putting together a filing. So we'll be doing that as fast as we possibly can.
Sean E. Harper: Okay. So what I would say about my comment in the press release about the inequivocal is that just if you think about it, we've done this very large trial which is testing the question of whether Repatha versus placebo has an impact on cardiovascular disease and the trial is statistically significant at these key primary and secondary endpoints. So I think just by definition, that is a validation of the connection between the LDL lowering and the cardiovascular and that's all it's meant to provide, not any magnitude of effect kind of a statement.
Sean E. Harper: Yeah, the design of the trial is published. And I guess what I would say is that, just always remember that the trial was actually designed around this harder MACE endpoint of the cardiovascular death, non-fatal MI and non-fatal stroke. And there we wanted to be able to detect with 90% power a 15% decrease in risk. So that was the design of the study perspective.
David W. Meline: Yeah, so what I would say is as it regards to the litigation, obviously there's a range of possible outcomes and positions that we have in the market, so we've tried to capture all of those in the wider range. And in terms of the uptake, what I would say is maybe Tony would like to comment, but we think again there's a range of outcomes that you would see with the uptake in the increased access.
David W. Meline: So we haven't provided specific disclosure on that, although if you were to go through each of our quarterly calls, we do provide a summary of list price changes, volume and other factors, right. So I think unless you'd like to comment, Tony.
David W. Meline: Yeah, maybe just adding to that, Eun, what I think important for us as we look into 2017, as I said in the guidance, we have a limited price uptake net in 2017, which is primarily driven by the fact that as we've said previously, we expect very limited net price on Enbrel, and as Tony mentioned again today, we've given some additional discounts as it relates to EPOGEN with DaVita. So what you can expect is that for Amgen in 2017, you'll see a reduced net price including the US pricing, which will be around inflation specs (58:41).
David W. Meline: Sure. So, I would say on the overall operating margin question and then going to the expense. So we finished last year, as we mentioned, at 52%. And what we were able to convey again today is that we expect to meet or exceed all of our commitments and that would include operating at 52% to 54%. So we continue to feel very good about our performance from a margin perspective. Secondly, if you look at the components of cost, and I think about it in 2017, correct. We have quite a significant improvement in our cost base due to the reduction in the royalty that's effective in 2017 as well as the fact that we'll continue to see additional benefits from transformation initiatives incrementally in 2017 as we continue to march towards the $1.5 billion goal. And partially offsetting that, and Bob touched on it earlier, we do have new expenses that we're building in the business, in particular as we launch more products internationally, that adds cost to the base as well as standing up a new neuro franchise for the company and expanding on bone, will add some cost. So I think net-net when you net those out, we'll see most of that reduction of the royalty go to the bottom line but not all this year. But again, we feel very good about the performance of the company in that we're now operating amongst the top tier in terms of not only efficiency and margin, but we're continuing to invest, I think, very appropriately in the long-term future of the business.
David W. Meline: No, that's right. I mean I would say flexibility. We remain disciplined always in making sure what we're looking at can generate a return for our shareholders, not just the sellers. And I guess from my perspective, I don't really view us even today pre-tax reform as having some arbitrary cap in terms of what we can look at. We think we need to look at all opportunities of all sizes.
Anthony C. Hooper: Sure. So I mean, our focus remains on helping all payers improve access to Repatha. The utilization management criteria that they have at the moment is beyond the label and we work every day to improve upon that. We look forward to seeing the payer response now that we have the outcomes data. But of course, we won't be able to promote that until it's in the label.
Anthony C. Hooper: So, I mean we report every quarter, Eun, the makeup of product changes in terms of units, inventory and of course, at that times net selling price, which is a combination of list price changes and then contractual changes which the impact rebates over time.
Anthony C. Hooper: Sure. So, Robyn, I mean we always try to be as transparent as possible around the data we see coming and give you guys some heads up as to what we're seeing. The calculation of the number of myelosuppressive regimens in the US, of course, is a complicated process to go through using a number of databases, and then from that we extract from it the number myelosuppressive chemotherapy regimens and then within that, we look at what actually falls within the label of Neulasta itself. Looking back over the last five, eight years, it continues to fluctuate slightly all the time. And when I talk about a decline, I'm talking about a very low single digit number that I've seen the last quarter. And we're just watching that carefully, but it's been offset by the incremental cycles we're seeing with Onpro as we use Neulasta. As Bob has said in the past, the number of patients being admitted to hospital with febrile neutropenia continues to increase, and the number of people that die because of that is also on the increase. So the need continues to be there, and we continue to work hard to make sure that physicians and patients are aware of the availability of Neulasta.
Anthony C. Hooper: Geoff, from the revised guidance on section 114 here, we can clearly go out and talk about the top line data and talk conceptually with payers about the value this data brings to them. We can't however, at this particular stage, promote it from a sales perspective because it's not into the label yet, but we can talk to payers, yes.
Anthony C. Hooper: So maybe I can talk a bit about that. Obviously we look forward to hearing what the ACC and the AHA have to say when they see the full data. Everyone we've talked to has talked about revising the guidelines once they see the outcomes. And I can't give you guidance on the timing, but obviously if the data is robust enough, we would certainly hope that the guidelines would come forward pretty soon.
Anthony C. Hooper: So I think your question was what is our plan for supporting existing products that are facing biosimilar competition. Clearly, in places where we believe that the market is evolving to a branded-specific market, we continued to put activity behind the brands. Where they're becoming more commodity like we will reduce activities quite dramatically.
Anthony C. Hooper: I think we've always believed that our own biosimilar will be in a branded type market in therapeutic areas where we have a strength, and therefore we'll be using existing teams to bring these to the market as effectively as we can.
Anthony C. Hooper: Alethia, it's Tony. So let me give you a response. I mean, we don't track anything other than usage by physicians and, yeah, the FDA has approved Repatha for all patients, including those presently taking alirocumab and our expectation is all these patients would in fact become Repatha patients of the future. So we do see, as I said, month to date in January, 60% of new to brand patients are on Repatha. And I'd also add that a vast majority of the physicians that prescribe alirocumab have experience using Repatha, so they know the product and the benefits it provides to their patients
Anthony C. Hooper: Maybe I can respond to that because I'm probably old enough to remember, right. I mean so (78:01) happened in the mid 1990s. The market was dramatically different. It was the first time we'd ever seen real impact of lowering LDL. And clearly, there weren't as many sort of utilization management criteria as exists today. So uptake started quite fast as people saw the value. But it was a brand new concept, so it took a good 10 years to get to the peak of the market.
