Thomas Schall: Thank you, Michelle. That’s a very good question. So by and large, the patients in Phase III very closely matched the patient population in disposition that we have in the Phase II studies, both CLEAR and CLASSIC studies. You’re right, we’ve allowed a little bit more liberal inclusion criteria when it comes to eGFR, and that is because we learned in the Phase II study that probably we are going to have a pretty good chance of arresting the advance of kidney decline or at least being able to opine on that based on what we saw in Phase II. And there were a couple of exceptional cases in Phase II, where we did allow somewhat lower eGFR into the study. So we do have some data on that. I would say that overall, the patient populations in the ADVOCATE trial are very similar to the patient population we saw in the Phase II CLEAR trial, they’ve just scaled obviously for greater end. So I think that we are very sanguine about the possibility that the Phase III data should be fundamentally informed by what we saw on Phase II.
Thomas Schall: Yes, that’s a great question. Thanks for asking. So fundamentally, it is probably valuable to recall the mechanism of action of avacopan, which is quite unlike any of the other therapies right now out there. We are arresting the ability of neutrophil to be activated through C5a receptor by C5a. That is fundamentally the damage-inducing step in systemic vasculitis and ANCA vasculitis. If we remove the ability of those neutrophil to be activated, both human clinical data, as well as extensive animal pharmacology suggest that, that fundamental terminal damage effector pathway is shutdown. And we’ve shown that, again, both in preclinical models, we and others with an otherwise lethal brand of anti-myeloperoxidase antibody, which is one of the human handcarts [ph], a lethal anti-myeloperoxidase antibody glomerulonephritis model, which those animals are completely protected and quite healthy when you block C5a receptor with avacopan, those are published data, or if you genetically delete C5a receptor, no matter what else is going on in the animal system, including still having very high levels of ANCA antibody as long as you get rid of the neutrophils that could be activated by C5a receptor, you eliminate the disease. And how that reads to the human situation is, since folks will be taking avacopan chronically and durably in the case of the ADVOCATE study for continuously for 52 weeks, we believe fundamentally that we will have simply short circuited the terminal damage effector pathway of this disease, and therefore, response from remission should be quite durable. Moreover, we’ve eliminated one of the very noxious parts of the standard of care, which is the chronic high dose steroids, which itself causes other kinds of damage not related to vasculitis. The reason that steroids are such a problem is also the reason in clinical practice they have to be tapered. And so as folks come off of those steroids, they tend to start having and this would be relevant to the control group, they tend to have a relapse of their symptomatology for ANCA vasculitis. So fundamentally, we believe that there is a – based on our models and based on the data to date, over the course of 26 weeks and then 52 weeks, the standard of care group should have more relapses by this loss of remission, whereas folks on our experimental drug should stay in remission since they’re taking it in a chronic fashion. And so that’s how the study has been set up. And again, it really does reveal the inadequacy of the current standard of care. People simply cannot stay on standard of care chronically, because it’s too toxic frankly, and that really illuminates part of the unmet need.
Thomas Schall: So, Ed, thank you for that question. To clarify, I think, I said in excess of 350. Right now, we’re modeling or targeting 390. We’ll have three groups in a controlled fashion of 130 each. And then, as I said, it’s a blinded controlled trial, so it’ll be a one to one to one randomization.
Thomas Schall: Well, certainly, intending to give enrollment update, Ed, and then we won’t be giving any interim data releases, however, other than, of course, the variety of which we discussed progress of enrollment, et cetera. We’d love to – while we intend to entirely protect the integrity of that data set in HS, because it’ll come as no surprise just by looking at the scale of that study that it’s power to be a registration rate study. And for this orphan disease, a well-controlled study of that size, if the data are sufficiently strong, may well constitute the basis of an interesting registration discussion, particularly as it relates to the maturity of the asset in other areas. So it’s one of the reasons we set up the study the way we did.
Thomas Schall: That’s a great question, Steve. So what we have in the other two arms the ones who are not placebo are the two doses that we’ve got great experience with in Phase II. We’ve got the 30 mg twice-a-day dose and a 10 mg twice-a-day dose. It’s intended and again, we’re covering the constellation of possibilities of both biological and clinical effect. So we want to be comprehensive about that. The assumption is as a minimum working assumption that we ought to be able to detect the same delta that you might had over background therapies quite handily with this size of study. So that would be the baseline assumption.
Thomas Schall: There is no question there will be some overlap and there’ll be other sites that are probably not experienced in that particular trial. But we will avail ourselves of all of the experienced sites that we can. And I haven’t talked about the number of sites we’re targeting, but it’s a greater number than our friends at infrared. So we’ll have even more sites than they did.
Thomas Schall: Yes. Thank you, Steve. We – the day 120 questions for us really didn’t constitute any real surprises qualitatively. They were very thorough and extensive. You’ll recall the conditional marketing authorization application is based on the 12-week Phase II data. So inevitably, there were questions related and specific to CMA, given the length of the data experience that we had to date. And so none of the questions were surprising. I think, we – one can look at the standard calendar for the EMA, and I can – it’s easy to deduce that we have responded by this time and we quite thoroughly responded to all their questions, whether they were in the CMC space, the off-clinical programs or even questions on clinical issues. So we will just have to see how that goes. We’re not again just using standard EMA timelines. We would not anticipate a full opinion to be rendered until sometime in the spring leaves us with the interesting conundrum of what we might do with the 12-week license, even if it were approved at that time given the fact that our full 52-week data is only a couple of quarters away from that. So some interesting logistical questions there. But to answer your question in brief, yes, we had a slate of questions, again, none of which were qualitatively surprising to us. We answered them and that package is still under review at this time.
Thomas Schall: Yes. Thank you. That’s a very good question. It’s a bit of a nuance in the subtlety. But yes, Japan enrollment is also fully complete. And so we have all of the global enrollment now in hand. Again, without going into too many details, the total number of folks enrolled around the world there for us is 331. The original design of the study was not to include Japan under the original concept. So you’ve seen a number of 316 as our full enrolment from the previous calls and the previous disclosures. But yes, Japan is done. And so that, that too is now rolling along. The Japan cohort will not necessarily hold up the evaluation of the previous full Phase III enrollment cohort. But the details will be worked out as we go along and see how the database cleaning and database lock dates will look as we go forward.
Thomas Schall: Also a very good question. And the short answer is, no. And the reason is the way we’ve set up the trial is that, we will collect all of the data on 52 weeks before we start analyzing any of the data. And then when we analyze the data from 26 weeks, then subsequently 52, which is part of the primary endpoint, we’ll do it in a hierarchical fashion. And the reason for that is, we didn’t want to spend any alpha as we analyze this data. And so we thought it was a very and continue to think it’s a very clever and important design. So we won’t see any week 26 – we won’t see any week 26 data. We’ll let last patient come out and then we’ll do all of the analysis once we have the full 52-week data sets, but statistically we’ll do in a hierarchical way.
Thomas Schall: Yes, that a very good question. And again, it’s one of these subtle, but important points that can be easily misunderstood. But let me try to clarify it. In this indication, which is an orphan disease, Non-inferiority in week 26 is the sole regulatory precedent certainly at the level of statistical analysis. And that was evidenced by the previous trial called RAVE, where rituximab was offered as an alternative to cyclophosphamide, both of those, however, in combination with high doses of chronic steroids. So it provides something of a precedent. And there, the null hypothesis statistically was the statistical non-inferiority of RAVE versus [indiscernible] standard of care, which was of rituximab plus steroids rather versus the [indiscernible] standard of care of cyclophosphamide plus steroids. And so that was fulfilled. Now non-inferiority sounds so lackluster in plain English. But in point of fact, it’s a defined statistical term, which is really the only test one can use it in indications such as this, where the new agent is thought to have an advantage over the incumbent. So at very least, you only want to be no worse at the specified endpoint, in this case, Birmingham Vasculitis Activity Score, because the new agents is thought to have other advantages as well, which are measured outside of the primary endpoint also. In addition, superiority endpoints statistically even when numerical superiority is achieved, may be limited by the number and/or patient population you can get into the trial in an orphan indication. So all of those are just some background notes. And again, our 26-week endpoint is perfectly consistent with the single Phase III regulatory precedent that we have, which is extracted from the RAVE trial. We think that – we’re confident after discussions with regulatory agents – agencies rather that, that same 26-week endpoint will provide sufficient impetus, at least, in Europe, if we’re successful to gain license for ANCA vasculitis. We are, in addition, however, we were highly desirous of looking at durable or sustained remission, which is why we built in the 52-week endpoint in this study, because after all this is a chronic disease with relapsing remitting and we wanted to know whether we could not just induce a remission, but sustain it. So we built in a 52-week endpoint, where again, we will first ask the question, are we statistically non-inferior to the standard of care, that is, is avacopan without chronic high-dose steroid, at least, as good than the standard of care, which originally have in chronic high-dose steroid in terms of durable remission with 52-week. If we achieve that endpoint statistically, we’ll then ask the subsequent question, are we actually statistically superior at week 52? And we think there is a reasonable chance that we will be superior at week 52, because the standard of care group will A, be liable to have more relapses during that time and perhaps they’ll also have more dropouts during the period of the one-year dosing. So we’re very sanguine about the possibility of not just sitting non-inferiority at week 26 and week 52, but the possibility that we might actually convert also to having superiority at week 52. But I will stress in terms of regulatory precedent, there’s only one precedent, which is non-inferiority at weeks 26. We’re convinced in the EMA that gets us a license if it’s both non-inferiority at week 26 and 52, we believe we have a license, as I mentioned in Europe and possibly in the U.S., and if we’re superior at week 52, clearly, we have a very, very good case to make here in the U.S. for a license as well. Both agencies just to sum up and give you the fuller picture around the data are very keen though to see all of the analyses that were pre-specified, because all of those relate to the total burden of disease, as I alluded to on the slide, I believe it was Slide 4 in the deck, and that’s really important now in the modern era ANCA vasculitis. So the BVAS endpoint only refers to one of the four categories of the total burden of disease in both FDA and EMA have said, please bring us all of the data and if it scales the way it did in Phase II with avacopan, that will be a very powerful discussion with those agencies.
Thomas Schall: Well, thank you very much, Jimmy, and thank you everyone for joining our conference call today. It’s been a very exciting conference call with great questions. I wish you all a very pleasant evening and look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thanks, again.
