Bob Bradway: Okay, thank you, Sean. Before turning to questions, let me just take a moment to put the many parts of our business into a single perspective as we move along the strategic path that we first outlined for you in 2011.  First, we’re focused on bringing forward a substantial portfolio of innovative molecules that address significant unmet medical needs in areas of grievous illness, and molecules that demonstrate large, clinically relevant effects and are supported where possible by human genetic validation. Second, we’re building our business infrastructure to bring medicines to patients all around the world, shifting resources to areas of highest value and growth. And finally, we’re making these investments for growth as we continue to meet our commitments to grow revenues and earnings and return capital to our shareholders.  And we’ll look forward to providing more granularity on our progressing pipeline, our commercial plans for launching new products, our expansion activities, and so forth, when we’re together for the business review meeting during the fourth quarter. So with that, let’s turn to the question and answer session and Marvin, perhaps you can remind our callers of the procedure that will follow. 
Bob Bradway: I guess a couple of things perhaps to help you think through the modeling. First, as I said in my remarks, the restructuring announcement that we made today was contemplated when we gave initial 2014 guidance, so I wouldn’t expect that you’d be adjusting your 2014 guidance as a result of today’s announcement, because as I said, we had these in mind when we provided 2014 guidance. And I’d just reiterate what David said, which is bear in mind that it’s typical for our second quarter operating margin to be the highest for us of the year, and we expect that there will be some increase in operating expenses, as normal in the third and fourth quarter, and perhaps a little bit more than usual, as we begin investing in the prelaunch activities for the medicines that we’ve filed.
Bob Bradway: Let me just make clear that the changes we announced today are company-wide changes. So while the facilities, particularly in Washington and to an extent in Colorado, that we’re closing, are primarily research and development and process development related. The cuts themselves are companywide, and some of the launch investments will relate to research and development activities, and obviously the bulk of it over time to commercial activities.  So we’re reallocating away from some of our lower return areas into what we expect to be higher growth, higher return opportunities for us. So that’s how I’d characterize it. And you’re right, in the context of our full business review we’ll able to, I think, spend enough time with you to elaborate on how we expect the cost structure to evolve as we reshape the business. 
Bob Bradway: What we were trying to convey is that the changes that we’ve announced in this first step of restructuring would aggregate to $700 million of operating expense when compared to 2013. So the things that we’re eliminating, for example, were [$700 million] dollars of operating expenses in 2013. Now, what we’re planning to do is to reallocate much of that to the activities associated with the molecules that we’ve begun filing.  So you’re right, what we’re saying is first, in 2014, we had contemplated these actions, and they take place late in the calendar year, so this doesn’t really affect the outlook for 2014. With respect to 2015, again, the actions will begin to accrue benefits for us through the course of the year, and by 2016, we think we will be through the actions that we’ve disclosed. And so the full benefit of these actions would be available, therefore we’ll have an order of magnitude of $700 million in that year, some portion of which, most of which, we expect to invest in launch activities for the molecules that we’re filing. So assuming those activities continue to proceed as we expect them to, we would plan to reinvest most of that in the business, in that year. Now, one of the things, just to reiterate, the restructuring that we’ve announced is company-wide, so we’re reallocating resources away not just from research and development, but from across the business.
Bob Bradway: Yeah, as I said in my remarks, our objective is to continue to grow the business and to continue to increase our returns for shareholders, including to increase our dividend during this period. So that’s our objective, and this restructuring doesn’t reflect any change to that.
Bob Bradway: Why don’t I take the first part of the competitive dynamic, and I’ll ask Tony to add in his thoughts. And then Sean can reiterate his comments on evolocumab. But you’re right, we’re entering a new era in the sense that we will be entering into more competitive spaces than we have in the past, and that’s something we’ve been talking about here at Amgen over the course of the past couple of years.  And we’re excited and looking forward to having the opportunity to show what we can do and competing in some of these competitively intense fields that we’re entering. And again, we think we’re entering these spaces with molecules that have large effect size, which are differentiated, and which form the basis of a clear approach for our developing these new product areas. 
Bob Bradway: On your question, you’re right, there’s an awful lot of activity at the moment related to tax structuring. I guess the first thing I would observe is that our focus strategically is to try to advance molecules that we think we can add value to that address grievous illness. So that’s where our energy is focused from a business development and capital allocation standpoint when we think outside of our own four walls. My take on the inversion activity is that unfortunately our country doesn’t yet have a globally competitive corporate tax system or structure, and until that changes, I think there will be tax financial engineering related to transactions like those that we’re seeing now. I hope that Congress will take action, and enact broad, sweeping corporate tax reform, but I’m not optimistic that that will happen, certainly not this year. And again, I hope that even if corporate tax reform doesn’t happen, that there may be a window for repatriation. But I think those two steps, corporate tax reform and repatriation, are important in order to create a level playing field for corporations, particularly like ours, in innovative industries. And I think that’s what you see in biotechnology and pharmaceutical activity right now. 
Bob Bradway: Great, thanks for asking that question. I want to make sure to be clear in my response that this doesn’t, in any way, diminish our enthusiasm for the biosimilar portfolio that we’re developing. I’ll just remind you, we have six programs advancing, three of which are already in pivotal trial. So we’re excited about the prospect of developing and launching those beginning in 2017. And you’re right to point out that this gives us an opportunity to rationalize some of our manufacturing capability. And let me just, at a high level, remind you that we’ve talked over the past couple of years about our investments in manufacturing technologies and new processes that we think will enable us to make protein therapies more reliably and at lower cost than what we currently do. And as we progress our investments in that area, we would expect that to free up some of our legacy manufacturing capacity. So we’re exiting 20 year old manufacturing technologies and continuing to invest in what we think are state-of-the-art, cutting-edge technologies that will enable us to rationalize and, we think, make product more reliably and more cost effectively.
Bob Bradway: Ravi, I think in our disclosure of the reductions, we were clear and transparent about what our objectives for the move are. And again, what we’re doing is we’re carefully, selectively reallocating resources away from some of our legacy investment areas to some of these new areas that we think offer higher growth and better returns.  And again, I don’t think there’s a lot of subtlety to it. We try to be quite clear and transparent about what we’re trying to do, both as regards the numbers, the locations, and what we’re trying to do with our fixed costs from a site standpoint. So again, I expect when we’re together in the fourth quarter, if there’s need for more insight on the actions that we will have taken, or will be in the process of taking, we can provide that for you.
Sean Harper: I would say that the comparison to Sensipar is important because we need to understand both at an efficacy, a tolerability, and an adherence over time, how the products compare. And I think all of those are important, just understanding the sort of biochemical activity of the dosing that we’ve chosen for AMG 114 versus the current Sensipar dosing, understanding the tolerability issues, which as you know, are quite limiting for Sensipar, given the large [unintelligible] that these hemodialysis patients face. And finally, the adherence issue, which of course is related to tolerability, but not directly.  So these are all the things that we’d be looking at to try to understand where AMG 416 should be positioned to help patients and physicians manage the issues associated with these patients.
Sean Harper: Of course, fundamentally, we look at each of the clinical trial results that we get on major late-stage programs, and the emerging pipeline as well, and make investment decisions accordingly. So that’s kind of the name of the game. It’s a little bit hard to anticipate. You can get disappointed and invest less, and things can look better than you think and you invest more. So I don’t know how else to address that. In terms of Aspire, I think that Bob is reflecting this sense that the R&D organization has about the Aspire study, in general terms, which is I would agree entirely, and do agree, that the study is well-designed. It’s always possible to criticize study designs, and many different ways to design studies for the same basic objectives. Obviously, Aspire is designed to help us to understand the incremental benefit that occurs by adding Kyprolis to a [rev dex] standard of care background in this population. So I think likely, if there are real specific questions around the study design, we could talk about that offline. But I would agree that it’s a well-designed study.
Sean Harper: And I think we expect it to provide a pretty good window into the truth about the molecules. That’s what I would expect from a well-designed study. 
Sean Harper: And let me clarify on the issue around the evolocumab device. This is not a formulation issue. The formulation is the formulation that’s going to be registered along with the every two week and every month dosing data. The auto-injector, which is the SureClick auto-injector, which we have many, many patient years of exposure and the regulators are very familiar, will also be registered. What we are not initially registering is the automated mini doser device, which administers the entire volume necessary for monthly injection as a single infusion. And the reason for that is to not take a chance, given the novelty of that device, as compared to our auto-injector, delaying the entire drug submission by including that rather than get it approved, get the auto-injector approved, get the product ready for launch, and then submit shortly after approval the device, which will be reviewed on a device clock, not a drug review clock.
Sean Harper: This particular interim on Aspire comes up with a reasonable number of events and power. It’s not, of course, fully powered, as the final analysis would be. And whether this study is well-designed or not has, in my view, nothing to do with the question of whether the result is going to be positive in an interim. It’s the question of the statistical power that you have to detect the effect size. So depending on whether you’re very ambitious and you’re thinking about an effect size for the molecule on top of Rev Dex. You might imagine a positive interim at this stage. If you’re more conservative about the effect size, you could imagine the study might have to run through to completion to show that effect size. You know, I hate to blurt out a number, because I’ve had so many conversations with so many experts in this field, and I’ve heard such a large range of answers from people about what they think would be meaningful. And largely, it’s because they’re doing some kind of back of the envelope comparison in their minds to what one might see in such an experiment with VELCADE. And this is not a VELCADE comparison study. That study’s just enrolled fully, Endeavor, and will come later.  So we’re going to see the data very soon, and I think I’m just going to look at the data when it comes, and we have access to most of the really key opinion leaders in this disease around the world, and we’ll have them help us understand how they feel about the results, assuming that we do get a read out, because the study is stopped early for efficacy. That may or may not occur at this [DSMB] review. 
Sean Harper: I think that the science of this novel pathway really led us to that approach, and what we found in our Phase II work with romosozumab was that while one does see the most rapid increase in bone marrow density that has been seen with any agent that’s been introduced into humans, it does plateau by a year. And by a year, essentially what one is experiencing with continued use of romosozumab is a antiresorptive effect, a kind of magnitude effect, that’s generally similar to that which you would see with [unintelligible] resorptives. And so at that point, it didn’t seem prudent to continue to dose people with an anabolic agent which has a novel mechanism, etc., when we had the ability to adopt a paradigm of rapidly building bone in patients who require that, and then kind of locking in those gains with an antiresorptive such as Prolia. So that was a surprise to us, of course, because this is completely novel biology and it wasn’t until we got into the clinic and worked with an agent in Phase II that we found that it really wasn’t sensible to use the product on a chronic basis.
Sean Harper: I think it’s obvious to folks that we have an unprecedented number of late-stage programs rolling through at the moment. And this is the nature of R&D at any given company. It tends to be lumpy in this way. And so as you’re absorbing, first, enormous amounts of Phase III clinical trial expenses, those, of course, as a bolus like this moves through, they begin to roll off. But the R&D expenses associated with supporting commercialization and the pharmacovigilance and regulatory activities, etc., in addition to supporting the new geographies that we’re moving into, are substantial investments.  And then while we may not have this number of molecules at any given time, at steady state, in late-stage development, we certainly want to have plenty. And so we’re going to be continuing to make significant investment, both in internal innovation, as well as to be looking externally to make sure we’re capturing innovation appropriately. If you look at our late-stage portfolio right now, it definitely represents a mix of those two capabilities. 
Tony Hooper: You’re right that initially Amgen specialized in building markets, as we did with both filgrastim and [unintelligible] franchise. But as you look back at the legacy portfolio, now our European team have been defending against a number of competitors in the market the last seven years. We truly have built a competitive skill and ability. When we look at Enbrel in the U.S. we compete on a daily basis against at least nine other competitors. And when we launched denosumab, we went into launch against a branded Zometa, which became generic at six competitors. We still grew market share against those. So I think we have built a skill over time to really be competitive, and this is what we’re honing with the team now, again, as they go into new therapeutic areas, building therapeutic competence, understanding the relationships, and ensuring that we can be maximally competitive as we go to market.
Tony Hooper: The answer is, we ended the quarter within our normal range, with the only exception being Enbrel. There was about $60 million over the normal range, sequentially.
Tony Hooper: As Sean said earlier, we’ve filed now for ivabradine, the drug for cardiac heart failure, which obviously will be the critical path to Amgen moving into the cardiovascular space. Clearly, that drug will potentially approved sometime early next year, and we’re setting up the commercial launch to ready ourselves for that. That team of specialists, plus the medical organization, will be the same organization that then takes evolocumab to market a bit later during 2015.
Tony Hooper: So just to remind you again that Roche have the right to enter the market at present with MIRCERA, and then patent will expire during 2015. The market is divided into three large chunks. Obviously, [DaVita] and [FMC] each holding about a third of the business, and the other third being held or managed by some of the small providers. As regards DaVita, we have an exclusive supply contract with them that runs until 2018. And with FMC, we have a nonexclusive agreement at present. So obviously, all the experience at both FMC and a few of the others have had in Europe, which include a number of other alternative products, is something we take into act. We have continued to maintain a fairly large portion of the dialysis market share in Europe. So we’re modeling ourselves on that, but the market, of course, in the U.S., is fundamentally different.
Tony Hooper: It’s clearly a very sensitive and competitive debate we’ll have about this now, but we are looking at putting together a definitive cardiovascular team and that team will evolve over time as we then go from ivabradine to evolocumab. The other products we’ll be launching fall pretty much within our existing organization in terms of the oncology skills. But that’s about as much as we would want to disclose at this point in time.
