Bob Bradway: Okay. Thank you, Arvind, and let me thank all of you for joining our call. I'll begin by calling your attention to the 14% volume growth we delivered in the first quarter. That illustrates two points worth keeping in mind when thinking about the remainder of the year and beyond. First, on the COVID front seem to have finally turned the page on the pandemic in terms of its impact on the overall health care system. For example, we've seen year-over-year prescription growth across most specialties in the US, including cardiology and oncology, and that's good news because it suggests that patients are returning to their pre-pandemic routines with doctor visits once again enabling appropriate diagnoses and treatments. It's obviously something that bodes well for our portfolio of medicines. Second, we're seeing that the demand for medicines is resilient despite the current macroeconomic challenges. Repatha, EVENITY , BLINCYTO and KYPROLIS, for example, all delivered record sales in the quarter, driven by extremely strong growth in volumes of 33%, 55%, 49% and 18% respectively. We don't see this volume driven growth as a single quarter phenomenon either, rather we see this as the potential for these medicines and others in our portfolio to reach many more patients over time and contribute substantially to our long-term growth. Take Repatha. We believe there's tremendous upside opportunity for Repatha at a time when most high risk cardiovascular patients still never reach their recommended LDL levels or do so only for a brief insufficient period of time. The global public health crisis and heart disease demands that all players in the system work together to drive change, and with Repatha, we've proven we have a proven innovation that we know can be an essential part of the solution. Two of our newest medicines, TEZSPIRE and TAVNEOS achieved quarter-over-quarter volume growth in the US of 28% and 27% respectively. TEZSPIRE has enjoyed strong adoption in the US by both allergists and pulmonologists and recently approved, excuse me, a recently approved pre-filled pen gives patients the option for self-administration. A few quarters into our ownership of TAVNEOS, we are convinced that our deep experience in rheumatology and nephrology will enable us to bring this first-in-class medicine to many more patients who can benefit from it. Outside the US, volumes grew more than 20% in the quarter. In the Asia-Pacific region in particular, we generated nearly 50% volume growth, as we expand the number of patients we serve in Japan and China, two of the world's most rapidly ageing nations with medicines like Repatha and Prolia. Amgen's R&D investment was up 12% in the quarter. That growth reflects the investments we are making in registration enabling trials for several potential new first-in-class medicines, including Olpasiran in heart disease, Rocatinlimab in inflammation and bemarituzumab and tarlatamab in cancer. All four of these medicines are quintessentially Amgen. Innovative molecules that deliver large effect sizes against serious diseases for which new treatments are very much needed. We are pursuing a number of significant new indications for TEZSPIRE, BLINCYTO and LUMAKRAS as well. We look forward to several data readouts from our pipeline, mainly in the second half of the year. We continue to invest heavily in early research where we've built a differentiated set of capabilities over the past decade that position us well to take advantage of the rapid convergence of biology and technology that we see happening today. At a time when the world marvels at ChatGPT, we've been deploying artificial intelligence and machine learning in our research labs for some time now, giving us dry lab capabilities that, when applied to biologics development, have already yielded proof success rates and reduced cycle times beyond our initial expectations. This is indeed an exciting time for biologic innovation. We remain optimistic about our announced acquisition of Horizon and similar to our experience with TAVNEOS, the more time we've spent with the team at Horizon, the more excited we've become about the potential to bring Amgen's capabilities and global presence to bear on Horizon's portfolio of first-in-class innovative medicines and its pipeline. It's an exciting time for all of us at Amgen, and the demand for innovative medicines is proven to be resilient and growing around the world. At the same time that our ability to innovate has never been greater. Always, I'm grateful to my Amgen colleagues around the world for their commitment to patients and to our business. Now, let me turn it over to Murdo.
Bob Bradway: Okay. Thank you, Peter. All right, Julianne, if you could remind our callers of the process for asking a question. I know they've had a long day already, so ask them to hold their questions to one each and do our best to get to everybody who has one for us.
Bob Bradway: The only thing I'd add to that, Chris, is that we're running this business very efficiently, and we think when we look at the cash that we're generating on this business, we're earning an attractive return for our shareholders. So again, in order for us to continue to succeed in biosimilars, we need to execute effectively. And as you can see in the quarter with BEKEMV the progress and with the launch of Amgevita, we continue to do what we plan to do in biosimilars. And again, I would reiterate, we think we're earning an attractive return for our shareholders, some of those commitments.
Bob Bradway: Julianne, I know we're already at half past the hour. So that's the time that we had asked our colleagues to set aside for the call. But we have a couple of more questions in the queue. We'll try to get through those and then as is our custom be available if anybody has any questions for later this evening. But let's go to the next question.
Bob Bradway: Okay. Thank you, Murdo, for your response to that question. And let me again thank all of you for joining us on the call. Just a couple of quick thoughts. Obviously, we're off to a good start here in the year, as you can see from the results in the first quarter and as I said in my opening remarks, far more important than the quarter itself is the way it's setting us up for the long term. So if you think back to the things that we've talked about as being important for us, being able to deliver on our long-term growth strategy, it starts with our growth products having to perform. As you saw in the quarter, we had 10 brands achieving record performance. And performance means growing share, growing penetration. And as Murdo said, that's what we see happening now with our important growth driving brand. The other thing we said is that for us to be successful over the long term, we've got to perform in the international markets. And again, I think the volume trends that you see here early in the year are really good in the year. We're building the kinds of platforms we need to have in order to deliver long-term growth for our medicines outside the United States. We talked a lot about biosimilars on this call. We've said that, that we think is an important contributor to our growth long term as we bring new products to market and launch them in new countries. And in order for us to do that, we need to be a leading competitor, and that means we need to execute on time and be in the first wave of launches. Once again, this quarter, you see further proof points of our being able to do that consistently with the launch of Amgevita, the approval of BEKEMV et cetera. So we think competitively, we're well positioned there and a biosimilar business to capitalize on the opportunities. And then, of course, the pipeline is always critical, and we're excited about how our pipeline is very rapidly advancing, particularly on the registration-enabling trials, whether you look at tarlatimab or bema or rocatinlimab. We have a lot of important registration-enabling work underway, and we're excited to start generating results from those portfolios -- or that portfolio of products as well as some of the products that are now attracting quite a bit of attention like 133 in our mid-stage pipeline. So all-in-all, we're off to a good start in the quarter, and we remain very enthusiastic about the long term. And in the meanwhile, we're looking forward to having an opportunity to close on the Horizon transaction once regulators have completed their work. So thank you for tuning in and we look forward to being back with all of you in August.
David Reese: Yeah, thanks, Salveen. All of the indications that we're pursuing have some mechanistic basis. Chronic spontaneous urticarial is an eosinophilic driven disease in part as is eosinophilic esophagitis. And given the mechanism of T-cell inhibition that underlay the thinking behind pursuing those indications. As I've mentioned briefly in COPD as another example, the -- there is accumulating evidence that triggers such as viral infection, smoke particles from pollutants can trigger TSLP release from bronchial epithelium. These are consistent with data showing that in patients with COPD, TSLP levels are elevated in sputum, bronchoalveolar lavage fluid and bronchial mucosa. And so as I mentioned that trial is fully enrolled. We expect a data readout, given the duration of therapy that one wants to see in these patients in the first half of next year. So I think there's good mechanistic basis. We're in clinical trial execution mode now and really waiting data readouts.
David Reese: I think what you said at the end there is very important, Mike, you know, in terms of everything that's going on in obesity. If we just step back for a second and think about what the magnitude of the problem is here, you know, there are hundreds of millions of patients now globally. We are doing an experiment in the 21st century that the world has never done by creating an obesity crisis. Now we call obesity a single disease, but it is clearly a complex, heterogeneous disorder. There are undoubtedly patient subsets buried within that. And different patients may well, you know, benefit from different therapies. This is an disorder that's rooted in human evolution and now is a function of our environment. And so our development program for both 133 and for the molecules that will follow behind really intends to capitalize on the fact that there's a very large volume of patients. It's a heterogeneous disorder. I think this is a field that is in its infancy and we have a chance to help define what those patient subsets are and who will benefit from specific therapies using, for example, you know, our industry leading database of multi-omic profiling, which we, you know, intend to employ aggressively in these development programs. You mentioned AMG 786, and I'll just conclude with a comment on that. That is a non-incretin based mechanism of action. And I think that is also an area that will be very fertile for drug development and it's a focus of us pre-clinically as well right now. So thanks for the question. It's early days, but we think that this is one of the big public health challenges of the current century.
David Reese: Yes. Thanks. Look, the trial is fully enrolled. We're bringing in data. I think within a few months, we're going to have the data set in hand. I think I've outlined mechanistically why TSLP being upstream could be one of the triggers that, if inhibited, could serve to -- as a therapy for the disease. At this point, I think it's really just getting the data set.
David Reese: Yes. And I would add, the other component is technology platforms. Bob mentioned briefly in his opening remarks the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning. I think we've quietly become a leader in this area. We are using artificial intelligence and machine learning across the R&D spectrum now from molecular engineering, where we've been extraordinarily pleased with -- it's the effect of dry labs or in silico design on the engineering of new protein molecules in time frames that are much, much shorter than were previously achievable with a higher success rate, success here being defined as a candidate going forward that has the molecular attributes that you want. We are using it extensively in the clinical trials arena for site selection, for example, and other aspects of trial design. So this is something that I'll talk about more as we go through the course of the year. But these sorts of technology platforms lead us to what I think is an absolute hinge moment in this industry where the union of tech and biotech will move us forward to a qualitatively different time in drug discovery and drug development. And I think we're going to be very well positioned to take advantage of this union.
Murdo Gordon: Yeah, thanks, Umer. You're on to some of the fact pattern. Let me just go through kind of the elements of Enbrel specifically. First off, we were up 1% in volume in the quarter. So the leading indicators of Enbrel volume performance all look quite good. And that's a function of strong demand for the product in the market, good quality execution and an additional pharmacy benefit formulary win starting in January of the year. So we would expect continued low-single digit volume growth throughout the course of 2023. So that's the kind of high quality leading indicators of the volume performance of the product. The inventory component is pretty substantial. As you highlight, it is a function of both wholesaler inventory levels being down as well as specialty pharmacy. And I think it's partly a function of the fact that we did have volume increase and there was also a pretty significant work down through the quarter. We would expect those inventory levels to return to normal inventory levels throughout the course of the year. And then the last piece of Enbrel is an out-of-period adjustment, an unfavorable adjustment of about 9% related to prior period. And that's a function of things like state Medicaid, true ups coming in, as well as some other price adjustments from prior period. So overall, again, the leading indicators for Enbrel are good, low-single digit volume anticipated for the year, a little bit of price concession to get that formulary win. But then the other two events in the quarter are likely to improve over the course of the year as well being inventory and prior period adjustment.
Murdo Gordon: Yeah, there is a big piece of that prior period that's also PHS and given the program that we're running for PHS patients. We expect that to be a lower impact throughout the course of the year as well.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thanks for the question, Chris. On Amgevita specifically, a lot of that Q1 revenue was what we would call buy-in from primarily IDNs. And so it's hard for us to see how much of that buy-in has been used up in actual prescription fill. So our conservative estimate is that the majority of that is buy-in and that Q2 could be lower than Q1 revenues based on that. So that's our estimate for Amgevita. Obviously, we're very early in the launch here. We're building demand physician by physician and patient by patient. And some of that IDN pull-through is not visible to us because they don't share data necessarily with the IQVIAs of the world. So that's Amgevita. But overall, we have been extremely successful in developing biosimilars at Amgen. We are very pleased with what we've been able to do so far by developing successful molecules that are either first or first wave launches. We continue to plan on being first or first wave in the biosimilar products that we're targeting. We have been able to continuously supply, thanks to the hard work of our manufacturing and supply chain colleagues around the world. When we approach both institutional customers, payers and providers, I think there's a lot of trust in the Amgen brand when it comes to the biosimilars that we manufacture. Certainly, last but not least, we do feel strongly that we will continue to be able to deliver on our 2x '21 sales by the end of the decade in our biosimilars business, so more than double our 2021 revenues. And we think we'll do that by continuing to launch both pharmacy benefit and medical benefit biosimilars, but the majority of that growth is going to be driven by medical benefit biosimilars. So still a very important part of our business, and the people that work on it continue to deliver value to the health care system as we move forward.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thanks for the question, Mohit. I think we've definitely taken advantage of the first mover, particularly with the IDN channel. That's really where a lot of the initial uptake will be. I think we're also differentiated versus the other biosimilar manufacturers that have biosimilars to Humira in that we do cover the customer base here quite effectively both in rheumatology and gastroenterology having deployed medical and sales teams that are out there right now building awareness and demand for Amgevita. Lastly, I would say that given that we've got parity access across the large three PBMs, we are in very good position to be able to pull through a lot of that Amgevita. I think we were clear in saying this would be a gradual uptake for this product. And we think that we still have been able to use the time that we have ahead of competition wisely to build that demand.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thank you, Jay. I think what we're pleased with is the broad access coverage we have on Otezla, we have very good coverage. We did actually add additional coverage at the beginning of the year with United Optum Part D plan coming online. And so there's a little bit of price concession to do that in the year. But beyond that, we've got good stable access for 2023, and we look forward to being able to maintain that in 2024. So I don't see more decrement on price. In fact, we think price will -- the negative price effects you saw in Q1 should abate a little bit in Q2 and beyond. So overall very stable. The one thing that you mentioned that's interesting is the free goods program that competitors have out there. I do think that, that's a little bit of a disruption in the market right now that's probably causing a bit of softness in our new patient demand. We get about 80% of our new patient growth coming from systemic naive topical patients receiving OTEZLA as their first systemic agent. I think when you have free good programs in the market, sometimes that free goods is a very easy way for a prescriber to try a novel agent. And I think that, that's taking away some of that new patient growth that we're used to seeing. I do think that will be different once those competitors contract for their market access, and that's likely to be a 24% impact.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks, Colin. Maybe I could take a minute just on TEPEZZA because there are quite a few analysts on the call that would be unfamiliar with how the patient journey for thyroid eye disease actually works. And it's important because it has a bearing on the demand pattern for TEPEZZA. The way in which the Horizon team actually track the performance as they look at something called patient enrollment forms, which is the initial request, if you will, to start a thyroid eye disease patient on TEPEZZA. It then takes quite a while for that patient enrollment form to move its way through the prior authorization process against medical policies that payers have in place. That can take up to 90 days. Then you need to schedule that patient's first infusion. And in thyroid eye disease, it's not like in oncology where there's a clinical oncologist relatively evenly distributed throughout the country that can do infused drug administration. This is a lot more concentrated. And so it takes a while for the patient to be referred to the right site of care to receive their first infusion of TEPEZZA. So that also adds time. So while tracking the early leading indicator that we look at, which is patient enrollment form, there's quite a lag between that patient enrollment form starting and when that first infusion will occur. And that's really important to keep in mind when you see either flat or, in this case, I think strengthening demand for TEPEZZA in patient enrollment forms. That will take a while to flow through into net sales. So that would be my prefacing comment. Now besides that, I think we're really excited, as Dave said, about the chronic data that were recently announced. And my congratulations to the entire Horizon team for executing a high-quality trial and showing how TEPEZZA can benefit a broader cross-section of patients with lower clinical activity score and truly highlighting the need for chronic care in this category. So I think that's a fantastic accomplishment. I think the simultaneous label change is just a nod to the conviction that even the regulator has about the utility of this product and this disease. And then I think the Horizon team has spent a lot of time over the last few months expanding their commercial capabilities and their medical capabilities. And they're in really good shape to take this great new data, which is on label to providers and to payers and to help expand the use of that product in the U.S. So we're quite optimistic about the future growth of TEPEZZA. And then, of course, from our side, we're also excited about being able to launch TEPEZZA in other markets around the world once we close this transaction. We have the capabilities and the structure and the scale given that we've been expanding Amgen's footprint globally over the last several years. And so we're ready to go. And we'll work closely with Horizon to do that so that TEPEZZA has multiple opportunities to grow over time. On LUMAKRAS, just real quick. We did see a little bit of increased inventory in the fourth quarter of last year. So the year-on-year compare or quarter-on-quarter compare, I should say, is really more about that inventory coming through. The actual demand is pretty flat from Q4 to Q1. And so we've been able to hold on quite nicely despite competitors in the market.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thanks, Evan. We're obviously doing quite a bit in the market from a commercial perspective. We've actually increased the breadth of our promotion to include much more primary care targets given that the milder patient who's on topical therapy today, that 1.5 million patient pool, it's a large addressable pool of patients, are currently under the care of primary care physicians and tend not to be referred as frequently to dermatologists as the moderate to severe patients. So we've increased our primary care footprint and we're actually seeing growth in our primary care targets. Where we're seeing a little bit of pressure or a little bit of quarter-on-quarter pressure is in the higher-end dermatology practices that treat more complex patients. And that's kind of where you would expect to see some of the novel agents being tried. So I do think that will stabilize over time, but that's going to take most of the year to take place. We'll continue to expand our primary care presence, and we're also working to expand our direct-to-consumer efforts to a mild to moderate patient population that might be on a topical, but still seeing unresolved symptoms due to their psoriasis, whether it be hands, face, scalp or other areas where the patient really wants to resolve those symptoms. So overall, there's quite a bit that we're putting into the market to increase our growth in that bio-naive or systemic-naive milder patient. And we would expect that, that will strengthen our new patient capture over the course of the year, and we expect to see good growth FOR OTEZLA for many years to come.
Murdo Gordon: Thank you, Nicole, for the question. Look, we're really pleased with what we've been able to do with the Neulasta franchise to date. We've been able to defend our volume successfully. Obviously, we've had to concede some price to do that. And the volume on the prefilled syringe side has been under some pressure. I'm very pleased with what we've done with the Neulasta Onpro device, and we've held on to substantial share there. We think we've established good contractual commitments for this year. And we'll continue to battle with competitors if they come to market with a different device than is currently available. But we expect some continued pricing pressure there, as we've indicated. And overall, I think the team that's working on Neulasta has done very well.
Murdo Gordon: Yes, Tim, thanks for the question. Unfortunately, the differentiation between mild and moderate is difficult because there isn't really good coding that we can use as a surrogate for determining which is which. So what we look at is what percentage of our business is being sourced from systemic-naive patients, which we infer that they are milder and that their last treatment that they've been on prior to OTEZLA was a topical. And 80% of our new patient growth right now is coming from the post-topical pre-systemic patient type. So we are definitely making progress. What we're doing right now, as I mentioned earlier, is we're scaling our promotional effort that targets where these patients are being treated and we expect to be able to grow the volume of patients that we're securing. As you'll note, we grew the volume of OTEZLA in the quarter by 5%, and we expect to be able to improve on that.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thanks, Geoff, for the question, for noting the performance of EVENITY. The bone team have done an exceptional job with this product. And I think the Amgen legacy in building the Prolia franchise is clearly helping that, along with our partnership with UCB. I was just recently in Japan. And as Bob mentioned in his opening remarks, we have an ultra-aging society there. And EVENITY is doing extremely well and I would say is a really good leading indicator of what we could do in the U.S. with that product. So I think we're really early in our ability to penetrate the millions of patients that would benefit from a bone builder like EVENITY. We also see a very nice continuum of care for these patients where, let's say, you're on a busphosphanate or Prolia and you have a fracture, you go on EVENITY for 12 months, and then you return to a product like denosumab or Prolia for your continued care, so there really is a nice franchise opportunity here with both Prolia and EVENITY. And we see the addressable population as being extremely large, and we are still very early in growing that product, obviously now annualizing at over $1 billion. It's an exciting growth opportunity for us going forward. And we're as enthusiastic as we possibly could be.
Murdo Gordon: Yes, thanks. Maybe I'll flip the answer around -- it's really too early to tell with Mirati impact. I think what I've mentioned in response to an earlier question, the actual land volume Q-on-Q is pretty flat. What we're actually seeing in the sales is a workdown of some inventory -- end-user inventory from Q4 to Q1 of this year for LUMAKRAS, but actual patients treated, pretty flat quarter-on-quarter. So we're not seeing a big impact yet from Mirati. And of course, for LUMAKRAS, we're really focused on growing LUMAKRAS through additional indications and additional data to move into earlier lines of therapy, which Dave covered in his remarks. As we look at Repatha, I think we really are excited about what we're seeing now. We see more and more enthusiasm from cardiologists in a broad way and in a deep way, i.e., using Repatha more frequently in their prescribing practices for ASCVD patients. What we've been doing over the course of the last, call it, 18 months, is increasing our Repatha commercial presence at primary care. And this year, we're actually making another step change in primary care promotional effort by increasing the size of our primary care sales force here. So Repatha is very much moving in the right direction. Patients are benefiting from it. We maintain more than a 70% share of the PCSK9 class. But quite frankly, that's not what my team looks at. They look at trying to penetrate the millions of ASCVD patients, the tens of millions of ASCVD patients that need to lower their LDLC goal. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, less than 30% of patients, and that's not our data, that's data from the family heart organization less than 30% of patients are at their LDLC goal. So we feel like this is important work. We feel like we've got a best-in-class medicine in Repatha. We've got great coverage, and we expect to continue to grow this product globally to serve many millions of patients over the years to come.
