Bob Bradway: Thank you, Arvind, and thank all of you for joining our call. I’ll start today by discussing Amgen’s performance in 2020, and then provide some perspective on our priorities for 2021. By any measure 2020 was a very successful year for us. Despite the disruption of COVID-19, we delivered strong sales and earnings, driven by volume growth of 15% of our products. We advanced our innovative pipeline, most notably sotorasib and tezepelumab, both of which have received breakthrough therapy designation from the FDA. We successfully integrated Otezla, strengthening our decades-long leadership in inflammation with a $2 billion plus product that we believe has runway for further global growth. We grew our sales outside the U.S. to more than $6 billion, delivering on long-term goals by expanding our presence in China and Japan, the successful transactions in both markets. We did all this while staying focused on the health and safety of our 24,000 employees around the world. And to all of them, I want to say thank you for a job well done. As we look to 2021, we're embracing three realities. First, COVID-19 is leading to some lasting changes in how we do business. For example, we expect to continue leveraging digital capabilities, call on customers and run clinical trials around the world with improved speed, efficiency, effectiveness. Second, we expect ongoing pressure on drug prices across the industry. We are fortunate to have products like Repatha, Prolia, Aimovig that meet the needs of millions of patients and can grow through increased penetration of the appropriate patient populations. Our industry-leading portfolio of biosimilars is also well-positioned for future.  Third is capital continues to flow into our sector. We've entered a time of intense competition where speed of execution is paramount. We've built a track record featuring quality and speed. We’ve shown that with innovative first-in-class medicines like Repatha, the first approved PCSK9 inhibitor, and Aimovig, the first approved CGRP inhibitor. We showed it also with biosimilars, like MVASI and KANJINTI, the first approved biosimilars to Avastin and Herceptin, here in the U.S. And we're doing it right now with sotorasib, the first KRAS G12C inhibitor to be filed for approval just 28 months after we dosed our first patient. We expect to do it again later in the year when tezepelumab as the first TSLP inhibitor. We are excited about our pipeline and plan on increasing our R&D investment in 2021. Dave will speak in a moment about some of our promising mid-stage pipeline candidates. But since this is the time of year when I'd like to address our long-term investments, I want to focus for a moment on a couple of areas central to our early research strategy. These are areas where we are building differentiated capabilities. First, in human genetics, where we have industry-leading capabilities, we are adding to our database approximately 1 million subjects from the U.S. and the UK, or whom we will have extensive phenotypic and genotypic information. This will augment the data we already have on in excess of 1.5 million individuals. In addition, we're pioneering the use of large-scale proteomics to measure the relative levels of some 5,000 different proteins in the blood. We're excited about the insights we generate from this genomic proteomic work and expect to benefit in the selection of new drug targets and clinical trial design. There's growing interest in our industry in the area of targeted protein degradation. We believe the opportunity is broader than that, and our efforts are not just limited to degrading proteins. We're looking at degrading other biologic molecules as well. We're designing molecules to have multi-specific activity through a principle we call induced proximity. The idea is to use this platform to dramatically expand the universe of druggable targets. It's still early days in the field, but I wanted to flag it as an area where we want to emerge through time as an industry leader. All of our work is taking place at a time when more is expected of companies than ever before. Amgen is advancing an ambitious ESG agenda that includes providing medicines at no cost to low-income patients and funding world-class STEM education programs. With respect to the environment, we're committed to achieving carbon neutrality by 2027, along with a 40% reduction in water use and the 75% reduction in waste. In summary, our success in 2020 gives me great confidence in our ability to deliver in 2021 and beyond. The world needs more innovation, not less, and we've proven ourselves ready, willing and able to provide it. I look forward to your questions a little later on in the call. Right now, let me turn over to Dave Reese, our Head of R&D. 
Bob Bradway: Okay. Thank you, Peter. And Erica, let me invite you to remind our callers of our process for Q&A, and let's begin the question session.
Bob Bradway: Hi, Alethia, and thanks for the question. Yes, we do get this one quite a bit about the combinations. What I will say is there's no generic answer here. It's going to depend on line of therapy end indication, non-small cell lung cancer, of course, colorectal cancer and then some of the other indications beyond that. Typically, you're looking for a 15%, 20%, 30% increment on any given endpoint beyond standard of care, but also looking at the totality of the data. I think in many of these settings, in particular, progression-free survival and ultimately, overall survival. So, given the safety profile we've demonstrated to date, those are the sort of efficacy metrics that we'll probably take a look at.
Bob Bradway: Yes. Thanks, Mike. No, we are very pleased with rapidity of enrollment in the MEK safety cohort. As we noted, we've moved beyond that to the expansion cohort. It's quite possible we'll have data from that over the course of this year. It will depend on just as the data come in and as we see those results. And again, it's too early to speculate on whether this could be pivotal or not. As I've mentioned, the master protocol from which these data are derived is essentially designed, so that any given arm can be blown up into a pretty rigorous Phase 2 trial. And depending on indication and line of therapy, of course, we would make any sort of decisions regarding regulatory intent in that context. So, more to come as those data unfold, but we're quite happy with what we're seeing in terms of enrollment.
Bob Bradway: On SHIP2, it's moving along. I think biologically, that is a very interesting combination. And again, potentially more to come over the course of the year on that combination as well.
Bob Bradway: Terence, thanks for the question. As I said in my remarks, rather than calling it targeted protein degradation, we're describing it as our induced proximity platform. The intention there, as I said, is just to be clear that we think the technology that we're building can be used, not just to degrade proteins but other molecules as well. So, we're excited about it. This is -- as I said, again, in my remarks, long-term research strategy. And Dave, his team and I spent a lot of time with each other, trying to think about how to position for the long term. And in this area, will be both internal and external. I'd remind you that we acquired new evolution now two years ago for the purpose of helping to build out this set of capabilities. And I would imagine we'll continue to look, as I said, both internally and externally. Dave, feel free to jump in and add your thoughts.
Bob Bradway: Evan, I think, we've been pretty consistent in saying that our focus is on investing in the business. So, as we said in our prepared remarks, we're planning to increase our investment in R&D this year. So, committing internally to continue to allocate capital to R&D opportunities. We'll continue to look externally. We'll look at small and larger opportunities, like licensing and business development. They're very active in the areas where we have demonstrated expertise therapeutically. And that's what our focus very likely entail opportunities that sit well with the areas that we have demonstrated expertise in. In terms of the balance sheet, rather than engage in hypothetical, we maintain a strong balance sheet so that we have strategic flexibility. And we'll consider individual opportunities as they arise.
Bob Bradway: There is a lot there, Dan, in your question. Murdo and I will just double team you. But, very quickly, let me remind you what we pointed out when we entered into a partnership with AstraZeneca in particular, around the respiratory opportunity, which was that just as you point out, is a new area for us. We felt that we could deliver more for our shareholders and more for patients by collaborating with a group that had demonstrated an expertise in respiratory medicine. And so, we chose to partner with AstraZeneca, and we're pleased with that collaboration and look forward to taking the molecule to market with them. And I would just point out that we came to this through our commitment to anti-inflammation and have decades of experience in the biology of information that we've been able to capitalize on with this program and hopefully others over time. But Murdo, jump in and in particular, share your thoughts also on the solid tumor question.
Bob Bradway: Thanks for the question, Robyn. And as we look at 2021, I would say that the majority of our growth will come from additional international launches of our biosimilar portfolio. And obviously, some additional revenue from AVSOLA and RIABNI, two relatively recent biosimilar launches in the U.S. Specifically, if you think about MVASI and KANJINTI, they are a little bit different. And the differences are twofold. There's more than that ballistic to the two major ones. Bevacizumab as a molecule is actually growing, whereas trastuzumab as a molecule is flat to declining. So, one thing that we're seeing in MVASI is actually the number of cycles of bevacizumab overall is growing. And so, even holding share in that molecule actually holds up quite well. We also have less competition. That's the other factor. So there's less competition for now in the bevacizumab molecule, whereas with trastuzumab, we have more competitors. And so, I think going forward, you would see competitive dynamics shaping those two brands a little bit differently.
Bob Bradway: Yes. I was picking up a little bit of static. So, I think the question's on EVENITY. The first part of the question I understood was how are we sourcing our EVENITY growth? Is it from existing anabolic patients, or are we expanding and treating new patients? I didn't catch the second part of the question, but let me address the first part. Overall, we're pleased with how EVENITY has evolved. We've got nice evolution in our Japan business. In Japan, it's obviously -- we've been in the market a little bit longer. So, one thing that we're seeing with EVENITY is patients are on the product for a 12-month duration of treatment. And so, you have to replenish those new patients. You do have to source those new patients. And so, I think the team in Japan is quite experienced now at sourcing new patients and not necessarily where we got our early growth was from which was switching from other anabolics. And there are -- unfortunately, there are a lot of aging patients in these markets where osteoporosis goes unchecked and patients suffer fractures and these high-risk patients need a solid bone builder, like EVENITY to be able to improve their clinical outcomes. So, I think in Japan, we're sourcing now more de novo growth than we were perhaps 6 to 12 months ago. Whereas in the U.S., it's much more of a mix of de novo and switch. The other thing that's helping us in the U.S. is, of course, having both Prolia and EVENITY for the customer. A lot of the time when a patient will come in and have a fracture despite their Prolia treatment, they're a really good candidate for EVENITY. So, we're often getting patients on both treatments. And sometimes after the 12 months of EVENITY treatment are up, they'll roll back on to Prolia. So, it's a nice franchise to have and have both an anti-resort and a bone-building agent for our customers. So, I think, the future growth looks very good. Obviously, our partners at UCB are just getting going in Europe as they establish reimbursement for the product. But, I'm quite excited about what EVENITY could become for bone building for these very high-risk post-fracture patients.
Bob Bradway: Thanks, Jay. Yes. We're very pleased to get breakthrough therapy designation in China. As our filing plans move forward with our colleagues at BeiGene, we'll provide guidance about what those time lines might look like. But, it has a little bit different implications in China than it does potentially in the United States. And then, one thing that we're looking at quite carefully is the epidemiology of G12C mutations. There is a suggestion that it may be a little lower in prevalence in Asian populations, probably because they are mutually exclusive with mutations in EGFR, which are quite high in these populations, up to 40% in China and Japan, for example. So that will be an important question that we address. We've got active research collaborations now, looking at just that. And Murdo, I don't know if you want to add anything about the commercial side in China.
Bob Bradway: Yes. Thanks, Colin. This is a question we get frequently. We demonstrated efficacy in -- across a broad range of patients regardless of eosinophil count. I think that's what clinicians will pay attention to. We'll provide guidance as regulatory discussions proceed. I think, it's too early, of course, prior to submitting to debate what a potential label would look like. But, our view is that overall these are very, very strong data pointing to a differentiated product. And I think this is just going to be a really important medicine for patients with severe uncontrolled asthma.
Bob Bradway: Yes. Ronny, I think you definitely see a diminishing rate of return or gain in terms of volume share. You see that in the shape of our uptake curves for both our oncology biosimilars in the U.S. I think that the way, of course, these products are used, they're largely used in the community setting, about 80% of the usage of both bevacizumab and trastuzumab in a community oncology setting. And those businesses tend to contract on a network by network basis. And by now, most of those contracts are set in motion. There's still some incremental opportunity to add to our overall revenue base. But yes, I think the gains on volume will be incremental. And then, price trends, as I mentioned in my scripted remarks, will continue to evolve the way we've seen them.
Bob Bradway: Yes, sure. Let me take that question. We filed in the EU, obviously, we've got ongoing discussions. We'll provide guidance at the appropriate time. We don't speculate on likely timelines or probabilities in terms of regulatory approvals. But, I think, it is fair to say that regulators around the world do recognize the large unmet medical need in patients with G12C mutations after first-line therapy, and that certainly will be the focus of discussion going forward.
Dave Reese: Yes. I think that covers it pretty well, Bob. I would say that we view this multi-specificity in drugs as part of the future. Many of you know that 80% to 85% of the currently desirable targets are currently undruggable. We think this is going to be a very important technology and making many of those targets tractable. And as Bob mentioned, we are investing for the long haul, and we expect that to be a combination of both internal and external innovation.
Dave Reese: Yes. Thanks, Matt. Thank you for this question. I would say, overall, I feel very bullish on the BiTE program. As we mentioned, AMG 160 and AMG 757 are advancing quite rapidly. Cytokine release syndrome is clearly the single challenge that sits before the entire field. And we're making adjustments in the 701 program to handle that. I'm quite confident that we can come up with a clinically important profile for that molecule. There are many BCMA molecules in development. And of course, we'll shape our investments according to whether we can really fulfill an unmet medical need. I would say, in closing that I'm quite optimistic about the half-life extended BiTE platform, the -- a few of the positives such as AMG 673 for acute myelogenous leukemia were done on purpose because we selected the first generation molecule, which we are investigating in a minimal residual disease, setting where that technology is well suited. This was done in close concert with our investigators. Many of these choices were part of our strategy. We anticipated making these choices as part of prudent shaping of our portfolio going forward. So, overall, I feel quite good about where we are and how that platform is evolving.
Dave Reese: Yes. Thanks for the questions. In regards to the combinations, the ones you mentioned are all actively in dose escalation, looking at either different doses or in some cases, even scheduling, depending on the agents. This is standard Phase 1b oncology drug development. I feel good about how quickly we're moving. And we'll provide guidance as we expect those data to emerge. With tezepelumab, as you mentioned, the abstract is out now. We feel the data are very strong. We feel we're competitive. With the best in the high eosinophil population and in many ways, standalone in the low eosinophil population, the steroid-sparing study. As you alluded, we think there were potentially trial design issues. And we're going through that with our investigators, anticipate presenting those data a little later this spring. And we're discussing with our partners, whether a differently designed follow-on study would be appropriate. I would point out that that trial was not necessary for filing, and we are moving ahead with all deliberate speed, as we announced with global submissions of tezepelumab, based on the current data.
Dave Reese: Exactly. We've got a couple of gastric cancer BiTEs, of course, also a solid tumor indication. And we've got some other molecules in late preclinical. We're just entering the clinic that will target solid tumor indications. More on those, as we're ready to speak about them going along. So, I think it's going to be quite a broad portfolio.
Dave Reese: Yes, thanks. And I think we are able to just rejoin in time for that question. Again, I think in terms of the early pipeline, AMG 160 and AMG 757, as I highlighted in my prepared remarks, are ones that we're really looking at. 160 has advanced into the expansion cohort. And if we continue to generate data as we have recently through a larger number of patients. That's a program that we would probably be discussing potential registration paths sooner rather than later. I think, AMG 757 is just one step behind. And that's another one that we're keeping a very close eye on. And then, in our inflammation portfolio, we've got a variety of Phase 2 assets in autoimmune indications, as we previously indicated, and those programs are ones that I'm quite interested in, as we move forward.
Dave Reese: Yes. So, Salim, yes. Kyprolis, I think, has nothing to do with that. What you're seeing is the natural evolution of a portfolio based on emerging data, and we will expect that to be shaped going forward, based on emerging data, of course. And some of the changes we announced today our strategic choices that we had teed up that we anticipated making. And we think it's a prudent portfolio management to make those choices. Let me call out the MCL-1 programs in particular, where we have elected to move forward with the IV formulation. Again, we had anticipated we would choose among those molecules. And given our ability to more precisely control exposures and achieve a therapeutic window, in collaboration with our investigators, we made that decision, and we're moving through dose escalation after reinitiation of that program. So, no specific conscious choices, based on hematology versus solid tumors and more shaping to come as data emerges.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks, Peter, and thanks for the question, Geoff. Obviously, we're quite excited about sotorasib. And I want to complement Dave and his team how fast they've moved in developing this product and also just the number of regulatory submissions they've been able to affect in a very compressed time frame. So, we are optimistic and hopeful that we'll get a fairly quick review in multiple markets around the world. And so, we would expect sotorasib to contribute to revenue. We don't give product-specific guidance, but this is a very large population of high unmet medical need. There's not a lot of choice for these advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients. So, we do anticipate that there'll be a potential market with a high need there. The one caution that I'll put out is just the actual percentage of advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients that have a KRAS G12C status result in their file and their medical record. Right now, we ascertain that to be at about 50%. So, we've got work to do to grow that number. And obviously, we've seen, with other targeted therapies, when you have an actionable mutation, the testing rate rises fairly rapidly. So, we would expect upon approval to be able to do that. But nonetheless, we think sotorasib will be a meaningful contribution to at least revenue in the U.S. And then teze, we'll see what the regulatory authorities do with the filing, obviously, given that we had breakthrough designation. And obviously, given the pan-eosinophilic results that we've seen, and now you guys can see the breakdown in that in the abstract. We think this is an important medicine to get to market very quickly. The last question you asked about COVID in fact, Geoff, was just -- I think, we actually anticipate COVID will have a fairly significant impact on the market, through the better part of the year, beyond the midpoint of the year. I hope we're wrong and I hope that vaccination programs will improve. But right now, we think that COVID will be with us for the majority of 2021.
Murdo Gordon: Yes, sure. Thanks, Bob. We are building out our teams as we speak. And Amgen will help commercialize tezepelumab in the Americas region. So, U.S. and Canada, we will be focused on allergists, while AstraZeneca will play a broader role beyond just allergists, including the respiratory specialties. So, this is -- as you mentioned, it's a new area, but it's not that different from what we've done, as Bob mentioned, in other inflammatory disease processes. The other thing that's worth mentioning is we'll be taking a leading role in establishing access for tezepelumab with payers. And again, our extensive biologics contracting experience in Part D and the government programs will help us secure broad access for tezepelumab for a broad range of patients. As you saw, we have a nice product profile here that will benefit a lot of patients regardless of their eosinophilic status. And then, Dave Reese's team is obviously building out medical capabilities for the same customer-facing group. So, we're excited about it. It's a focused effort. The beauty of focusing on allergists is they're very productive prescribers, but they're a relatively small audience size. So, we'll be quite focused on addressing that. When it comes to kind of how we're looking at our oncology portfolio, we've got a very strong base right now in oncology between our hematology business, our solid tumor therapeutics that we have now our overall biosimilar portfolio and our supportive care. Basically one in five oncology patients today receives an Amgen therapy. And so, bringing sotorasib into that mix and then the potential of AMG 160 and 757 and 701, I think, is a fairly action-packed next few years in oncology that we can build on the current strength that we have, and we're excited about that. I'm always asking Dave Reese to deliver more, and I know his team have a lot of other earlier assets to put into the clinic. I'll turn it over to Dave for additional comments.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks for the question, Umer. The 25,000 was a U.S. number. We actually estimate the non-small cell lung cancer incidents globally at 120,000 patients. Now, obviously, there's some reduction from first-line to second-line in lung cancer because unfortunately, we lose patients in frontline. The second line and beyond is obviously our target population at launch. And we assume a 13% incidence of KRAS G12C in the broad non-small cell lung cancer patient population.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. So that's a U.S.-only number for incidence of non-small cell lung cancer that have progressed into second line and beyond.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks, Geoffrey, for the question. There were a couple of factors that went into our recent reorganization of our field force. One is just portfolio evolution and creating capacity for the new product launches and then reallocating from the older side of the portfolio. And depending on which region you're talking about in the world with Amgen, we're in very different stages of development. So, for example, we're placing large investments in field force in Japan and in China, even in Russia and some other markets that are emerging for us as being important growth drivers. And in the U.S. we're really paying close attention to the forces in the market beyond COVID. We're looking at potential negative net price effects and/or price reform, as Bob mentioned in his opening remarks, as being a bit of a prevailing wind here. And so, what we're doing is looking at our overall commercial model, and to your point, making it more productive and making it more efficient. So, we're largely on track with that plan. We were able to move very rapidly last year and build out our digital capabilities to an even greater extent than we had historically. We are seeing customers willing to engage in those channels. And we think some of those engagements will be persistent beyond COVID, quite frankly. And it's that persistency that we're betting on. What we haven’t done is compromised the ability to have competitive share of voice in our field facing interactions, both on the medical side, both on the commercial side, in front of the customer. And so, we think we'll continue to be able to compete effectively in the categories we're in, as well as augment that with highly efficient digital channels of communication.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thanks, Bob. We do see some of the international expansion maturing now. We've got a good business for Otezla in Japan. We're pursuing registration in China, and we recently secured reimbursement in Australia. So, we're evolving the global footprint of Otezla beyond where the legacy Celgene efforts had it. So, that is one source of growth. But, as Bob mentioned, we're also pursuing in the U.S. mild to moderate approval on the basis of the positive data set we have there. And that will allow us to move Otezla into a patient population that really is still an unmet need. These are patients who have enough skin surface area that they might be seeking an alternative to messy and inconvenient topical agents. And I think Otezla can play a very important role there in helping treat those patients. We're also in making investments in Otezla by expanding the promotional footprint of the product to include primary care promotion, something that Celgene had not done historically. So, we're doing that both for the moderate to severe patient, but as well for that mild to moderate indication in anticipation of that potential approval. And the only other thing I would say is, while we are seeing a little bit of softness in psoriasis and broader rheumatology, for the category due to COVID, Otezla being an oral has held up quite well, and the execution has been strong. I also think that the established safety and efficacy profile of Otezla is highly appreciated, given recent news in the broader rheumatology category of other orals where perhaps that risk-benefit equation is different than it is where it's very strong with Otezla. So, we think we've got a good opportunity for growth. We also said when we gave that guidance that it assumed a successful competitive program from the TYK2 asset. And of course, that was confirmed today.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. I think, we're obviously very excited about what we can do with the product, huge unmet medical need. We're seeing that China is an attractive market for specialty products and the fact that sotorasib is an oral makes it very accessible. So, we'll pursue commercialization of sotorasib in China, and our affiliate is very excited about that.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thanks, Michael. In human genetics, as Bob mentioned and as we previously announced, we have collaborations with Intermountain Health and UK Biobank that will add up to 1 million participants. We think we'll have the largest database on earth as these projects move towards completion. And we have broadened our focus on human data to include other omic technologies such as transcriptomics and proteomics really in the belief that in the long term, it will be human data such as these that are most important for drug discovery and development. At the current time, a majority of our non-oncology portfolio assets have genetic support that's either primary or secondary. And we expect over time that, that percentage will simply increase because there's now clear evidence that targets for which there's genetic validation and programs based on them have a higher rate of success. So, more to come. But we firmly believe that the era of human data is upon us, and we believe our collection of capabilities is almost unique in the industry. And we intend to push that forward. Thanks.
