Thomas Schall: Sure. Thank you. We've only – the world is only seen a little bit of data on C5a in this disease and that data is compelling. So far we have essentially 14 patients at a single site. The proof-of-concept there was with an antibody, a chimeric antibody meaning it's got a lot of mouse content apparently, and it's a once-a-week infusion antibody. So there are some things to deal with there going forward for development. The contrast for us is we are an orally active molecule were taken in a capsule form, can take it at home and you take it daily. So there maybe – there's already differences in the mechanism – the mode of administration, the mechanism of action again is an antibody versus a small molecule. And the other approach takes away C5a from the C5L2, which we believe and others believe is actually a beneficial pathway. We don't know what readout that might have in Hidradenitis Suppurativa. In models of ANCA vasculitis, it’s very clear that C5L2 disruption leads to worse disease, C5aR inhibition including with avacopan virtually eliminates the disease in ANCA vasculitis models, which have been done very carefully. So not all those differences notwithstanding, I think there's great enthusiasm for the idea of C5a’s involvement in HS, since you're asking specifically about HS, and the fact again that it is probably being driven through neutrophils, which are driven through the C5a receptor, the proinflammatory part of C5a pathway. So we believe again that should these data hold up in larger controlled trials including our trial, the AURORA trial, then having an orally active drug should be a big advantage in that patient population. I know there's another sponsor using that antibody who will be reading out some Phase II data in the first controlled setting, I believe fairly shortly. So we all wait eagerly what that data will tell us. Assuming they find a dose and a response from that study that will be interesting. We believe we already have a dose for complement-activated neutrophil-driven diseases, that's how we've designed the AURORA trial. So our trial is very large randomized controlled trial and powered to be of registration grade. So that's where we are. How all this will ultimately fit together? Believe me, there's plenty of opportunity in this landscape across these diseases and I believe there's room for all innovations. I happen to believe that we have the most differentiated and advantageous approach ultimately.
Thomas Schall: I can comment on some of that. First I'm going to say that obviously ADVOCATE is ongoing. We have still patients that are being dosed in ADVOCATE. It is all still blinded. So I really have intentionally not looked even at the blinded data to find out if there seem to be any ideas coming out of baseline data characteristics even in blinded trends. So I simply don't have that data. I will say this though, from what I do know about baseline characteristics, it appears to represent the patient population around the world, which I think is not unexpected since it's a global trial. And in terms of how this drug works, remember what we're trying to do here. We are inhibiting the neutrophil from doing its ultimate destruction. So in ANCA vasculitis, you have auto-antibodies against your neutrophils, and in our view the auto-antibodies themselves are not necessarily the problem. They do get the neutrophils sort of semi activated or primed. But it's clear, again from very careful genetic and model data, at least in animals that the ultimate culprit is C5a receptor. It is both necessary and sufficient. It seems to be the lethal agents in this cascade. That's what we're blocking. So irrespective of ideas, and there are some ideas in the world that one form of ANCA vasculitis is a little bit more difficult to treat than another form and may relapse more frequently, et cetera, et cetera. Frankly, a priori, we don't really much care about that because we're targeting how the neutrophil actually inflames the blood vessel and eventually destroys it. So I personally did not in our model take into account, whether or not you have one form or the other, so called MPO, GPA versus MPA disease for example. So to me, our mechanism should work equivalently on both. We're representing the population of ANCA in our trial and we should be able to determine, I think quite definitively if the drug has activity across this patient population as well as of course looking at the pre-specified subgroup analyses that take into account some of these other factors. So – but there should be no surprises in the distribution of the patient population in ADVOCATE. And to the extent that in Phase II, we had a representative patient population and I believe we did between the CLEAR and the CLASSIC trial. Again, we didn't see anything that stood out dramatically from those data as we've reported before in terms of responses. In terms of differences in efficacy I should say.
Thomas Schall: Yes, that's a beautiful question, and it starts to eliminate some beautiful and intricate biology I think. So what we do know is this, all of these mediators seem to ultimately talk to each other to some degree. So for example, we and others have shown certainly in vitro experiments that inhibition of C5a receptor can diminish the production of TNF and IL-1 in cell culture experiments and that’s not a new observation. I think this has been shown in one form or another for a long time. And it used to be thought that IL-1 and TNF were upstream of some of these other mediators, but I think it's more of a network. So the mechanism of the pain reduction is simply not entirely clear at the direct level. To the extent that it will occur, and I believe it will occur as it exemplified by TNF and IL-1 results today. I do think there's a good chance that this will read through with C5a receptor. And in fact, we know that C5a interestingly does have some effects on nervous system tissue directly. There's plenty of results in the literature that suggest that. So let's just say this, whenever you do a clinical trial, while it's important to build models, so you can build the right endpoints, I think you have to be open-minded. But to the extent that it would not surprise me, if we saw a reduction in pain, maybe both directly with C5a receptor antagonism, but certainly indirectly as the inflammatory cascade gets damped down and we go from a smoldering fire to maybe some embers that are just banking, that wouldn't surprise me in the least. And I think that we should definitely look very carefully at that parameter as we come out of the trial. It's built into the HS secondary endpoints that we're looking at.
Thomas Schall: Yes. Steve, it doesn't surprise me that some of the anti-L1 folks dropped out. There's a long history of some issues with the approach with anti IL-1 as you know, or IL-1 receptor antagonists. So yes, it can be a pretty dicey thing. Let me say this, we haven't talked about all the details of how we're going to analyze HS. But as I mentioned before, it's a 390 patients study. We designed it with the both statistical power and other approaches to be essentially a registration grade trial. So I think you can infer from that information that we will use the appropriate statistical analysis to make sure that we are sort of the Phase III grade analysis. And I think obviously with that amount of – and we will certainly have the power to detect the signals we need to. 
Thomas Schall: Well, let me put it this way, we have patients randomized in this study. We're still getting our sites up and running. I'm going to report on more details on that next quarter. But these trials – there's a lot of pent-up demand in this patient population and these trials, as you may know, can enroll very rapidly. So we're seeing – let's just say we're seeing a significant amount of enthusiasm. So when I mentioned that our aspirational goal is to get the trial enrolled or certainly largely enrolled this year, it's certainly based on some data that we have. So I'll fill in some more numbers as we go into the next quarter and get more sites up and running.
Thomas Schall: Yes. So I can certainly address some of those items Dae Gon. Thank you for the questions. Again, without going into too many specific details, clearly there is some overlap in sites between SHINE and AURORA. That would only be expected. But there's actually quite a large number of sites and qualified sites that won't overlap, and you'll see that again as we go forward through the trial, but particularly as we start reading out the information. What I will say is this, the investigator community in HS has become – they're amazingly aligned and their desire to come up with new therapies. They became very much coalesced around the previous PIONEER result and how PIONEER was done. They've contributed greatly to understanding and all becoming as standardized as possible in how trial readouts and trial assessments need to be done with such things as the HiSCR or high score. They've also contributed fundamentally to quality of life indices and in a very meaningful way. So the HiSQOL for example is something that really has come out of a marvelous community effort in the HS investigator community. I think all of that's by way of saying that because there hasn't been that much for this patient population for a long time, these folks are really focused and they're all plugged in and trying to make sure that they do standardized their assessments across their field. We go beyond that of course, and some of these folks have contributed in our trial, have been in PIONEER, they’ve been in SHINE. So they know fundamentally what they're doing. And obviously there even in a new field, there is a cadre of KOLs and we all appeal to them. Beyond that, we've been very careful in this trial as we have with many other trials. And one advantage of ChemoCentryx is we've been in the clinical trials business for quite some years. So we've run big trials all over the world and we've learned a lot of good lessons from that experience in different indications. So we're really taking a lot of time for training, standardization, centralized assessments, and even adjudications were appropriate in some of these metrics. So we fundamentally believe we'll get high quality data, even though we will have not inconsiderable number of sites in this trial. But this is a switched on community. They're highly trained. They're all focused on how to get good readouts for HS. It's not trivial as you know, but I think that we're getting the advantage of some other efforts and we're right there on the riding the crest of that wave. So I believe that we'll be able to really get very good quality data. So that's essentially how we're controlling for the variability. You had a second question, which I've forgotten now. Sorry about that.
Thomas Schall: Yes. Thank you. So the data for HS is staggeringly inconsistent, somewhat confusing. But I think we and others can speak with some authority at least generally. If we don't go to breaking down the categories that discreetly, but we can certainly speak with some confidence about Hurley II and III as a category of moderate to severe. And so I think the data are pretty good. And as you know, here in the U.S., orphan drug designation has been given to for Humira, adalimumab for Hurley II, III. So I worked on that because we're also keen on getting that designation. We've been very successful in orphan drug designations with avacopan and other indications. We've done a lot of work on this. So suffice it to say, I'm pretty convinced that moderate to severe Hurley II, III in the U.S. is an orphan designation. It's probably fewer – it is fewer than 200,000. And the numbers between 150,000 and 180,000 are not unmeaningful based on the very best data to-date that we can glean from a variety of sources. So that's the prevalence data. It's harder to breakdown farther than that I think with any credibility. So I won't do so here. And then the question is how many patients will you be able to capture in that prevalent population? The answer is no one yet knows. But suffice it to say that again, when you look into the data for Humira, it's actually quite surprising how few scripts are written for that indication. And yet, as I mentioned, I think everyone's best estimate is about $1 billion worldwide for HS. So maybe the answer there is you don't need to – you don't need to get, but a reasonable fraction, not a huge fraction of that that prevalent population to still make a great return for that drug. Our goal obviously is to get patient relief in the broadest number we can. So we're going to definitely take a hard look at that 150,000 and 180,000 in the U.S. and figure out how to do that.
Thomas Schall: Yes. Thank you, Dae Gon. So those trials are independent entities, neither of them depend really on the other to move forward. The nephrotic syndrome was attractive to us because the FDA has given pretty clear guidance, guidance with a small G anyway, that if one can really significantly reduced the proteinuria in that population even in a fairly small number of people because their prognosis is so bad. There's really a great and serious discussion to be had about a registration in nephrotic syndrome. They have been a little more circumspect around what it would take beyond proteinuria, if anything, to get a registration in the sub-nephrotic population. So that's our LUMINA-1 population, nephrotic populations LUMINA-2. But if regulators and therefore the rest of us treat these as kind of two separate labels or two separate indications, so either can go forward on its own. And probably – well nephrotic syndrome is obviously a lot, lot more rare. So that's why the numbers is aimed for quite a bit smaller. Podocytopathy, I love the general idea of podocytopathy. As you may recall, and I alluded to it in my remarks, we ran a successful one-year long trial of CCX140 in diabetic chronic kidney disease. We showed a fairly rapid and durable lowering of proteinuria with CCR2 inhibition by CCX140 above and beyond what could be achieved just with standard of care alone. We added it on top of standard of care and showed a delta that was robust and consistent. So then we just pivoted to FSGS is another form of chronic kidney disease, one which was more tractable and one for which proteinuria lowering could conceivably result in at least a conditional license, and certainly a discussion with regulators about how to get the drug approved based on that end point. So although that was to the good and in the background, as I mentioned in the close of my remarks, people should not forget. We do science here at ChemoCentryx. It's very, very – sometimes very basic, but always to the purpose of supporting the drug. So either creating a new drug, which obviously CCX140 and avacopan were new some years ago, they came out of our pipeline, we invented them here. But once we have those molecules, there's a lot of mechanism questions that come out of clinical data. And so no one really understands. And I think we understand now why CCR2 inhibition in the kidney leads to such a rapid and profound reduction of proteinuria, both in animals, mice and in man, but it happens – it happens reproducibly. And it happens with other mechanisms that when people tie up to ligand for CCR2 for example. They saw similar effects some years ago in a Phase II study. And the reason it happens is because we think, anyway, we've shown now and we discussed this at American Society of Nephrology meeting last autumn, CCR2 is uniquely express probably on a population of stress podocytes [themselves]. And maybe when it's expressed and engaged, it's contributing fundamentally to the acute podocytopathy going back to the direct part of your question. It may even be on a population of podocyte precursor cells or podocyte stem cells coming out of the bone marrow and we've shown that with some very elegant genetic experiments and bone marrow transfers. Those two populations are in addition to the normal textbook kind of inflammatory macrophages, which are also resident in the glomerulus. All that's by way of saying, I think you're right. I think this target will be really interesting in other podocytopathies. We're looking very carefully at that and we may well expand the 140 indication spectrum to include some of those podocytopathies. So yes, watch this space. Very good question.
Thomas Schall: Thank you, Ted. Those steps are already well underway here. And as you know, we’re really becoming aware of what the market is. We are doing a lot of with professional organizations and through the team that we've hired here to do this work in house, looking a lot into how these patients are actually treated, where they actually present. I'm talking about ANCA vasculitis now for the moment. Really what are the metrics that patient – behind how the patients are treated and what's the patient journey look like. So that whole buying process is a big thing. We're laying out – then from that we start to conclude whoever going to need to actually sell this drug actively. Clearly, we went into this. I often talk about our renal franchise. Some people correctly point out to me and they asked me, its ANCA vasculitis, it doesn't have renal in the name of the disease. Absolutely, true, it's a systemic vasculitis. It happens to be that the kidney is acquisitively sensitive. So anywhere up to 75% or 80% of people over the history of their disease will manifest renal consequences. And those tend to be very expensive, obviously if they go into end stage renal disease, et cetera, and even deadly. So we do think of it as a renal disease, but in addition to nephrologist, this is treated by rheumatologists and frequently lung manifestations are the other big problems. So we're learning more and more about ANCA vasculitis, where it presents? How it presents? I won't go into all the details today, but it's kind of eye opening. So that whole research process and the data it's yielding is telling us about how we need to think about fielding the correct type of salesforce, the right mix of reps versus MSLs and so on and how big that force looks. All of that work is absolutely going on in background. Certainly, a lot of work in the U.S., there's a lot of work in Europe talking to various at least the sort of pre-discussions with various health authorities in the various jurisdictions. So yes, that stuff is going on and we're taking it very seriously and we know we have. We have enough time to get it right and we're already putting a big effort into it in background. So its way beyond what we – we talked a lot about the clinical progress. I allude to the purring machine, the purring engine there behind the scenes. But this is another part of that engine, which is fascinating stuff and we've hired some really experienced and excellent people to get it done. So that's going on in background. And of course there's all the parallel path of making sure the submission packages for the various licenses, [NDA] process and so on, that's also happening here in ChemoCentryx again with a whole group of people that we brought in last year. So it's an exciting time of growth in the company.
Thomas Schall: Yes. No, that's great. Probably when we last talked about that we had retained the rights in China, since then Ted, what we've done is our friends at Vifor International were so keen on getting those China rights. I mean we were in discussion with the number of players to really figure out what to do in China. Ultimately, we gave Vifor the China rights to avacopan and CCX140. We got some money upfront for those rights, about $21.5 million or $22 million as I recall. But more important than that – and that was fine, but more important than that was the sales on those two assets will now accrue to the aggregate or cumulative sales in the Vifor territories. And as you know, we get really lovely royalties off the topline of aggregate sales from their territories, as I mentioned in my remarks, ranging from the teens to the mid-20s based on sales tiers. So China could contribute when – so now you have to ask the question of Vifor, but eventual sales in China will contribute to reaching different sales goals in aggregate and their territory is conceivably taking us into other tiers. And so the cumulative effect of that deal I think in the end was spectacular for us. And I know that was meaningful for Vifor who’re very keen to be able to start thinking about how they're going to establish themselves in that part of the world as well.
Thomas Schall: Sure. So what we're committing to on the topline data is the 12-week data right now. So we'll commit to that topline primary endpoint data. And again we aspire to get there in 2020, if we can get this trial mostly enrolled in 2019, and hopefully or earlier the better. But again, we'll keep you on taste with updates on that through this year based on enrollment. But yes, that's our commitment right now is the 12-week topline data. Obviously the follow-up data will be in process as well around the same time, but we want to make sure we talk about the 12-week as soon as we can. This conversations with the agency, we have had certain conversations. Let's just say for the moment we're trying to first get our orphan drug application approved. And so once we have that application, I think I'll be willing to say a lot more about where we may or may not be with the discussion with regulators. I suffice it to say that this trial is big. It's a very mature asset. Obviously it's a Phase III asset in other indications. So all of that up the benefits of the experience and the safety database and so on and so forth, certainly are not – they are certainly not harming our cause in that respect. But we just need to – it remains to be seen. And of course, I think the agency will be hesitant to commit to any study of being a Phase III prior to seeing the data and of course, prior to ascertaining whether or not we're in an orphan space with this particular asset. So I'll have more to say about that as we go through that process this year.
Thomas Schall: Certainly. So with the ADVOCATE data, obviously we'll be looking at the topline data from the primary endpoint of BVAS. So you'll hear the BVAS scores and the comparison between the standard of care arm and the avacopan arm for both week-26 and week-52. We hope to be able also to release the topline data on the quality of life assessments using the validated instruments that we employed similarly in the Phase II CLEAR trial. We will be giving readout on parameters that read to the preservation of organ function, including renal parameters. So we used to look for things like proteinuria values, proteinuria reduction over the course of the trial. Look for eGFR, look for things like the shedding of kidney inflammatory markers in the urine such as MCP-1 to creatinine ratios. Again, those were presented in the Phase II study and we've similarly built our plan to analyze them here. And then we will hope to be able to talk about vascular damage index and glucocorticoid toxicity and the delta between the groups. So that's a pretty ambitious slate. We hope to be able to achieve most of it, but at minimum you should look to BVAS scores and some of the objective lab readouts, which we'll be able to analyze I think in the time period that we've assessed. And certainly we'll speak to the overall efficacy of the drug and whether the data mirror what we saw in the Phase II study. In terms of the HiSCR score, we did a lot of modeling based on the TNF studies before. I think that we've been looking again to be able to at least detect the kind of signal at 12 weeks that was manifest in the largest spread for adalimumab in the PIONEER studies, and that should be handily achieved I think with the power that we have in our HS study. So you could use that as a sort of benchmark, and again, we'll have more details as we go forward on those readouts, but we should very handily be able to see those kinds of deltas.
Thomas Schall: Yes, that's great. Thank you, Harshita. It's been a while since we had questions about that beautiful discovery engine we have. Our medicinal chemistry here is so excellent. I love to tell the world that, and this is another example. So as you know, antibodies are clearly ruling the risk with the PD-1/PD-L1 area as with many of the other checkpoint inhibitors. And for good reasons, these are fairly large protein interactions, and you're right, certain challenges like some of these hydrophobic packets and so on that get in the way of trying to really mediate disruptive interaction with small molecule have been daunting. Our guys have cracked this, at least, at certain levels, and our ultimate goal is to crack it in fact with orally active compounds. And we have made great progress. As you know, we published some data on the 4503 molecule or, at least, presented some at a meeting last autumn. I think it was very well received and certainly got a lot of people interested. And now we've even take – we've taken some steps further. We hope to be able to talk about those this year. Ultimately, as a business, we’ll probably need to take forward some of these oncology assets in the context of a partnership for a variety of reasons. We're still fairly focused in terms of size obviously and focused on inflammatory disease. But this is really a thrilling set of developments here. And if one could truly get useful small molecules, and frankly 4503 is pretty good molecule, but I think we've got even some better ones now. Clearly some of the liabilities of protein-based checkpoint inhibitors might be overcome. And as you well know, as good as the checkpoint inhibitors are right now, they have liabilities or difficult to manage and the induction of autoimmune conditions with the checkpoint inhibitors is very common. They can be very serious. And the fact is you've got a long-lived antibody in the body, and certainly the biological half-life is quite extreme. If you could somehow manage that by dosing and titrating the dose carefully with a small molecule, one that wouldn't stick around quite so long as you were managing some of these other effects or could be given at massive pulsatile doses as you're trying to go for the therapeutic efficacy intermittently, it could be profoundly advantageous and usually valuable. So that's what we're working on, and we're going to talk a lot more about the details of some of that chemistry progress I hope this year at a number of big meetings. And we’re going to try to get some papers published to detail a little bit more some of the questions you're asking. But it's very exciting. It's very exciting in background and I think it's going to have great value. And as I said, probably in terms of a business relationship, it will be carried forward in the context of what we hope will be a high value partnership.
Thomas Schall: Well, I just want to thank everyone for joining our call today. The discussion was very, very interesting and the questions were insightful, and I really look forward to updating you further as we go forward and then in weeks to come, and I very much look forward to talking with you at minimum at the next quarterly call. Thank you very much and have a great afternoon and evening.
Edward Tenthoff: Thank you very much for taking my questions. Tom, I always learn at least two or three things when I listen to you talk about this topic, really fascinating, and I love how you described the discovery engine as a well-oiled machine. So I'm excited to see what comes out of that well-oiled machine. Question if I may on – actually two, one housekeeping for Susan. With respect to the shares that were issued, can you give a sense of what number that was or what's the average price was during the offering in January? Thank you.
Edward Tenthoff: Great. And then Tom for you, so looking forward, obviously a lot of clinical updates coming, really exciting time next year as a company kind of such a transition into a commercial company. What really has to be done, obviously dependent on data, obviously dependent on regulatory outcome, but what really are sort of the steps you start to make to think about the commercial opportunity in the U.S.? Thanks very much for taking the questions.
Edward Tenthoff: Perfect, and of course, I don't mean to put the cart in front of the horse here. The regulatory, the clinical data and the regulatory will come first. One other quick question, if I may. I know you retain rights in China. What are your high level thinking about how to bridge that large, but difficult market? Thanks.
