Bob Bradway: Thank you, Arvind, and let me add to Arvind’s welcome to all of you joining the call today. We entered 2019 with a strong track record of execution and an improved ability to innovate, compete, and grow over the long term. We feel now well positioned to capitalize on the growth opportunities presented by our newer products in our pipeline, even as we effectively defend our mature products against emerging and expected new competition. As you know, drug prices are being challenged around the world, and we, therefore, have said for some time that we expect volume-driven growth to be important to our long-term success. And in Q1, we once again demonstrated our ability to grow unit volumes, especially for our newer products like Prolia, Repatha, and Aimovig, as well as for our six hematology/oncology products that are in early phases of their life cycle. I believe our performance outside of the US, where we have faced biosimilar competition for over a decade is instructive. There, our business generated 15% unit volume growth in the first quarter as growth of our newer products more than offset the erosion of our mature brands and biosimilar competition. We remain confident in the lifecycle management strategies we have in place to defend our mature brands, and we believe there is considerable upside potential with our newer products that will drive attractive long-term growth. As a leader in bone health with Prolia, we know that there's a need for an additional innovative therapy for women who are at high risk for fracture from postmenopausal osteoporosis. In Q1, we added Evenity to our portfolio of first in class innovative medicines with approvals in Japan and earlier this month in the US. Postmenopausal osteoporosis remains a highly underdiagnosed and undertreated disease with potentially devastating consequences from fractures, many of which are predictable and preventable. And we're excited to be at the forefront of offering innovative products to the millions of women worldwide who may benefit from them. I want to take a moment to highlight our biosimilars business, which we think represents a compelling opportunity to leverage our world-class biologics capabilities. This business is now annualizing at more than $200 million this year, with Kanjinti and Amgevita off to strong starts in Europe and select other international markets. We expect other launches this year and we see biosimilars making important contributions to our revenue profile moving forward, especially as pressure on our drug pricing creates increased demand for lower cost treatment options. Murdo will discuss our full product portfolio in some detail shortly. Looking to the future, we are rapidly advancing a robust pipeline of innovative medicines, many of which have the potential to be first in class or best-in-class therapies. In oncology alone, we're capitalizing on our industry-leading BiTE portfolio and targeted therapies across a number of important disease areas including multiple myeloma, AML, as well as various solid tumors. As, you know, oncology programs can move very rapidly from proof of concept to registration, and we're excited about what we're seeing. You'll hear more from Dave Reese on our pipeline in a moment. Our strong balance sheet and cash flow has enabled us to provide significant returns to our shareholders through buybacks and dividends, even as we invest in long-term, volume-driven growth opportunities around the world. Our financial strength also gives us the ability to consider a wide range of business development opportunities, consistent with our areas of strategic focus, while remaining disciplined to ensure we earn a solid return for shareholders. Let me just say a few words also about health care reform and drug pricing. Simply stated, we're in favor of policies that provide more patients with greater access to better health care, and we continue to work with the administration and Congress to advance policies that harness the competitive power of the marketplace, encourage innovation, and improve access to new therapies for patients. For example, we're supportive of the administration's proposal to move from back-end rebates to upfront discounts in order to lower out-of-pocket costs for patients. Even in the face of net price declines, as we experienced last year, patients are not seeing the benefits of rebates. In fact, out-of-pocket costs for patients have been rising in recent years, which underscores the need for the administration to move forward with its final rule. I want to just close with one final message, which is that we will build on our recent transformation successes and have the resources and determination to take advantage of the many opportunities in front of us to meet our competitive challenges and to deliver long-term growth. Now, let me invite David to share his remarks on the first quarter.
Bob Bradway: Okay, thank you. Let's open the line up now for questions. And perhaps, I can ask our operator to remind you what the procedures are for submitting your questions. Thanks.
Bob Bradway: Thanks, Matt, for the questions around the KRAS program. Let me take them in order. In terms of the dose escalation, I think we will present the clinical data at ASCO. We had a planned dose escalation in the phase 1 trial, we were able to move through that very quickly based on tolerability. We had quite brisk enrollment based on pre-identification of patients at most of our centers, and we're pleased to have been able to move along in eight months, in a population that is a fraction of lung cancers and other tumors.  In terms of the combination, as I've indicated before, I think based on the clinical setting, these molecules may find a home as either monotherapy or in combination. It’s early days, and we're moving quickly to investigate both of these approaches as we move forward and the combinations will be not only with PD-L1 inhibitors based on some of the preclinical data that I described in terms of the KRAS inhibitor, inflaming tumors, and upregulating MHC 1 expression, but also data we've generated on other components of the pathway. So I think all of those will be pieces of what we explore going forward. This program is moving as quickly as almost any I've ever seen here at Amgen.
Bob Bradway: Well, it's a proposed rule as your question implies, Terence and that enabled quite a bit of commentary and the administration has received something like 4,000 comments from different groups, including quite a wide range of physician groups and patient groups that were concerned about the proposal. It won't surprise you to know that we're concerned about it, and we've expressed that concern as well. We're not interested in seeing patient access to innovative new medicines and physician choice impaired by a potential rule like this. So we and others in the innovative industry have expressed that to the administration.  And I think if you compare the situation in the United States where patients have access to innovative medicines very rapidly, in fact, if you just look at cancer, 95% of the new cancer medicines are available to Medicare patients here in the US, and that compares to about 65% of the same medicines being available in France. And by the way, in France, they're available some 21 months later. So in a cancer patient, that can mean the difference between life and death. So we're not in favor of a rule like this that might have the effect of diminishing access to innovation and impairing investments in innovation over the long term.  Having said that, we have been working with the administration around other proposals that we think can help address the concerns of the administration, and we'd like to continue to do that. So we think there are some things that the administration could pursue that would enable the government to get access to the market prices and still enable physicians and patients to use the medicines that they think are appropriate for these diseases.
Bob Bradway: On the court case, nothing new to report. As you know, we're waiting for the judge to rule and nothing new to report there.
Bob Bradway: Those data also support the launch of the new single 140 milligram dose. So they give in that patients who got to that higher dose tends to do even better on conversion.
Bob Bradway: Yeah, sure, Mike. I can understand that. On the first one, we feel pretty strongly about the IP case that was presented. And so obviously, if judgment were to go against us, we would immediately appeal. But on the Aimovig partnership, look, the first thing to underscore is that the teams in the field are committed to doing what's right for patients here and it's unfortunate that we have a dispute with our partner about this matter. But that's why we had dispute resolution options specified in a contract like this. So we feel that our partner is enabling a competitor product. And so we want to pursue that matter in courts, and that's where we are. But as I said, that will probably play out over a period of time. And in the meanwhile, both teams are committed to continuing to pursue this therapy for those patients who benefit from it.
Bob Bradway: Obviously, it's still very early days in the US based on our European experience and what we continue to believe the market outlook is, in the US, wouldn't change the long range comments we've made. Historically, I think that they still hold up. And we continue to pursue a number of really interesting and solid molecules and we continue to prepare for launches in the US in the not too distant future.
Bob Bradway: Okay. Thank you. Well, in closing, we're off to a good start in 2019. And I hope you share our team's enthusiasm for our long term prospects. We have a number of medicines that are in line portfolio that can and we expect will benefit significantly more patients as we grow longer term. We have an emerging portfolio of branded biosimilars, which we talked about, and we think will be a new source of growth for us. We're advancing a record number of potential new medicines in our pipeline targeted at some of the most prevalent costly and serious diseases facing society today. Our financial strength I think, is evident again, this quarter and our durable cash flows will allow us to continue to invest in the business, but also provide meaningful returns for our shareholders and deliver transformational innovation for patients. Most importantly, I want to just end by thanking our staff who are fully engaged and behind our mission and thank them for the work they did to get us off to a solid start in 2019. We look forward to talking to all of you at the ASCO investor meeting and then at the second quarter call in July. Thank you.
Murdo Gordon: So Ying, I'll take the first one and then I'll ask Bob perhaps to talk about the other question regarding Sandoz and Enbrel. I think overall, we're pleased with how we're performing in the market despite two biosimilar competitors against Neulasta. In particular, we see good durability of our Onpro business, which is holding at around 60% share of the long acting filgrastim franchise. We also continue to compete at an account by account level, and we defend as you point out significant volumes. What will drive further price erosion and potentially share erosion is the number of new competitive entrants, and we're following that very closely going forward.
Murdo Gordon: Yeah, and Jeff, considering the huge unmet need in migraine, we continue to feel good about the opportunity to grow new prescription base and to continue to compete effectively for share. As you know, we're still the market leader with 60% TRx share, around a 40% NBRx share. We have nice coverage across commercial and Medicare Part D payers. And we continue to drive good increases in the percent of patients that are paying for their Aimovig through commercial insurance benefits. So what we are seeing in our trends, in our total prescriptions is some effect of the bolus of patients that we secured when we first launched into the market and working then through the free drug to paid transition. We're also trying to understand what the persistence is in the CGRP category. We saw that it was between 20% and 30% in clinical trials, we'll be looking to see how that shapes up in the real world as we move forward.
Murdo Gordon: Yeah. I think we've gained a greater understanding of the approach to the disease, the variants and background medications. This is the disease that also has a waxing and waning on natural history. And so, we have, with our partners, have designed a subsequent phase 2 study that we think will rigorously evaluate the utility of Tezepelumab in AD.
Murdo Gordon: Yeah. Thank you, Do for the question. This is Murdo. What we're seeing in Europe in general in the biosimilars market is more rapid penetration of the biosimilars of the innovator compound, so higher biosimilar penetration in general across a number of different categories. Our shares are more or less in line with what we had anticipated and price is a little lower. So we're seeing higher volume due to that penetration, offsetting somewhat lower prices and the prices you have to be a little bit careful. Most of the interest and news that we read about on pricing, particularly in the case of the Humira biosimilar were related to tender prices in some smaller European markets. And those were pretty significant winner takes all price reductions. What you're seeing in the broader marketplace at the national formulary level and at regional formularies are better prices holding up quite well and we foresee the biosimilar business to be a significant revenue driver for some time to come.
Murdo Gordon: Yeah, we’re continuing to work hard to penetrate that high risk cardiovascular patient population and compete in that category. We are seeing the data are more similar than different to what we've already had in the public domain. And we're really pleased with the 80%, 81% volume evolution and we continue to believe that more and more physicians are understanding the value of treating these higher risk cardiovascular patients.
Murdo Gordon: Yeah, thanks for the question. We do hear about this issue. And obviously we're always making sure that we provide necessary patient support and physician support around the safety net part of our product. But we also think on this one, there's quite a large amount of rhetoric that's been created around this issue, given how the product performed in clinical trials, the stated incidence of constipation, our label, and it'll even be reported in the long term follow up data at AAN. And so I think it's been well characterized in good, well designed and continuous clinical trials.  We're also pleased that many physicians, particularly the prescribers in the large scale headache centers, are telling us that it's a relatively low incidence, and that they have very little trouble having patients started on Aimovig and persisting. I think, some of the other things we're seeing in persistence and I mentioned it in response to an earlier questioner just, given that we were the entire market for many months without competition, we are seeing some persistence effects in our continuing patient population that are different than what you might have concluded from looking at the clinical trials.  And that's a function of both people who are moving from one free trial offer to another. And it's a function of people who are perhaps not pursuing commercial insurance. And obviously, there's a small component of that that is switching away to other agents. So there's still an evolving understanding of how persistent patients are to your question on discontinuation of Aimovig and it will take many months to understand that you need at least a 12 month look back period. That puts us in the 18 to 24 month timeframe before we'll be able to actually ascertain durability.
Murdo Gordon: Yeah, of course, that'll vary program by program. But what I would say in general is that our goal in these programs will be to move as quickly as we can through dose escalation and then move into expansion and potentially pivotal phases of the program. I think given the target diseases and the potential regulatory paths, that's a realistic expectation. And that's how we've planned many of the clinical development programs.
Murdo Gordon: And Umer, on your question regarding Enbrel, we did have a strong quarter on Enbrel. It was primarily driven by a strong market across rheumatology, and we did see some net price benefit based on that price increase as well as improved contracts in the New Year.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks, Ronny. We're not breaking the biosimilar sales by brand yet. Still a volatile market, but we are happy with both trends on both products going forward. We're also, as you look at Aimovig, my comment, if you recall, has two components to it. One is the net price reduction based on additional contracts that could occur throughout the course of the year, plus a rising percentage of prescriptions that are paid and the two offsetting one another, leading to a stable price, at least for this year. And I think that that would be my clarification to your question.
David Meline: Sure, I'll go ahead and start with the question regarding KRAS biology. I think, there's probably no specific answer for that, Jeff. In some tumors, this mutation will be a trunk mutation, a driver mutation, and we may well expect monotherapy activity in other tumors based on the other suite of molecular alterations that are present, you may need combinations or another approach. I think these are all things we will sort out where we'll be doing extensive molecular profiling on the tumors as we move forward to try to sort out the best predictors of response and resistance.
David Meline: Sure. This is Dave. I'll take that question. So, typically in these trials, there are interim analyses for efficacy. They are event driven, and we will communicate at the appropriate time as we might expect those data. I think one of the things that excites us about Omecamtiv is that its mechanism of action is novel, we think it's orthogonal to many of the existing therapies and should be able to be added to existing background therapies. To me, that's one of the potential great attractions of the drug for advanced heart failure.
David Meline: Yeah, so what I'd say, this is Meline. So first point is, if you look at the guidance that we offered this afternoon, what we've given you is, while it's a bit narrower, it's still quite broad. And the reason for that is the uncertainty around, will we have additional launches this year or not. And of course, that is driven by the fact that we do have litigation that's still going on and we expect that to conclude here sometime in the coming months. So, hence the breath of the guidance.
David Meline: I'll be happy to address that question. Yeah. I mean, that's, we design that study, from a technical perspective, just the way we design any study, based on expected magnitude of effect, target population, all of the typical statistical calculations that go in clinical perspectives that go into study design, we weren't using anyone else’s trials, a template for that study, and I wouldn't call it validation of anything but the internally consistent results from that trial alone.
David Reese: Well, I'll get half of the Repatha question and then Murdo will take the other one and I can address that Aimovig at AAN. So in terms of VESALIUS, these are patients with known, essentially known coronary artery disease, but who have not had an event, so they are very high risk. It's a population that, numbers in the millions beyond what we were the target population studied in the Fourier trial. We think it should add to the substantial body of evidence that we have with Repatha in another high risk population. Murdo, you may want to comment on the commercial component.
David Reese: And then in terms of Aimovig data at the American Academy of Neurology meeting, which is starting in four or five days, we do have what I think are some very interesting data, long term safety and efficacy data in both chronic and episodic migraine. The abstracts for those who are interested are up now. In chronic migraine, for example, we were able to show that roughly two-thirds of patients were able to convert to episodic migraine, meaning fewer than 15 migraine days per month. And on average, depending on the population and the dose, the number of migraine headache days per month was reduced by 8 to 12 days per month. That's a very substantial clinical impact for these patients, as you can imagine. So those data are coming out within the next week or so.
David Reese: And Cory from a clinical perspective, I would reiterate what Murdo said, what we hear from physicians experts is that they see it at a low incidence? It's clinically quite manageable. They don't really view it as any sort of barrier at all.
David Reese: In relation to KRAS, again the clinical data will present, so I won't comment on the specifics of dose response. I will say that, this is an irreversible inhibitor. And our anticipation is that achieving adequate exposure for a period of time, probably a few hours over the course of a dosing interval a day is adequate to poison the target and inhibit signaling and so our dose escalation was planned with that goal in mind and will present complete details in about a month at ASCO.
