Anthony C. Hooper: So, Chris, this is Tony. Clearly, I'm not happy with 56%. If I look at the product value that this thing brings in terms of enhancing patients' ability to go home, the value to a large institution in terms of how they treat patients, we will continue to drive hard to increase that share beyond 56%.
Anthony C. Hooper: Okay, Matt, so Tony, let me respond there. So, the market share we've achieved to date has been in the presence of a competitor. So as I think about going forward, we will continue to be competitive. And I think getting more and more patients on Repatha is our objective, which we've been quite successful with. We are working extensively with payers at the moment in terms of improving potentially the utilization management criteria and working on trying to reduce the onerous bureaucracy that takes place and frustrates physicians at the moment. We look forward to being able to pull some of these things through potentially in 2018.
Anthony C. Hooper: Okay. So, Robyn, clearly we think that the market in the beginning will be a branded biosimilar market. And therefore, the value we bring as an organization about the quality and the continuity of our supply is really important. The relationships we have with large institution, with small community clinics is really going to be important as well. So we will focus very clearly upon our relationships of the past, our skills of the past, as well as the value of the product we bring to market.
Anthony C. Hooper: Okay. Ying, so as I've said, the end-user inventory is a triangulation we do in an attempt to give you guys as much visibility as possible about what we know to allow you to run your models. But fundamentally, we do the calculation based on what the Rxs are in the marketplace, which I'm never 100%, minus what we know our wholesaler have sold to the end users and the balance we assume is an inventory build. When I look back five years, I've never seen an inventory burn in the fourth quarter, so we're making the assumption that there wouldn't be an inventory burn this fourth quarter as well. As regards to 2018, as I said in my earlier comments, most of our contracts have been negotiated, although that doesn't mean that there won't be negotiations that continue going forward during 2018, but we do expect the net selling price for Enbrel, the trend you've seen in 2017, we expect that to continue to 2018.
Anthony C. Hooper: So we are bringing Parsabiv to market based on the clinical data we have at present, right. So by definition, secondary HPT is a very difficult thing to treat and adherence is a real problem. I think we have about 150,000 patients on the drug at the moment which is only about a 26% penetration. The head-to-head data we have shown great levels of efficacy of Parsabiv and without doubt in our mind, we will see a better level of adherence as physicians are back in control. All feedback we have had to date from nephrologists in the marketplace has been very good. They are looking forward to having this drug available. So whether it's a switch or replacement or usage during a treatment period will be dependent upon the physician or the dialysis unit in terms of their guidelines.
Anthony C. Hooper: So this is Tony. Thanks, Cory. I just came back from the International Headache Conference (sic) [International Headache Congress], which was in Vancouver, where I was meeting with a group of key opinion leaders and individuals who run headache clinics together with me with my counterpart from Novartis, Paul Hudson. So he and I, we're working this together. So as we think strategically, the two organizations are doing a lot of strategic thinking together. We both jointly agree that we probably saw more enthusiasm from this set of neuro physicians than we've ever seen in many other physicians in other congresses. People are talking about this is the first time they are being able to potentially prescribe a migraine drug for migraine patients in two decades. So I came away feeling much more positive about the scientific understanding, the clinical need and the large population that is waiting for this. The work we've done at the moment with migraine bloggers and patients who are suffering from migraine has also been very beneficial. We understand much better now the patient's journey, the importance of the work we have to do with patients and their willingness to work with us to spread this good message once we have our drug approved. Obviously, we continue to work with payers in strategic discussions, but we haven't made any final decisions around pricing as we go forward.
Anthony C. Hooper: Sure, Alethia. So I think first of all, the magnitude of the market is different, right? In the U.S., we estimate about 3.5 million patients right now are being treated for prophylactic treatment of migraine. A lot of those patients fail. A lot of those patients go off treatment because of side effects. A lot of those patients find the treatment is not effective. I think we believe that we will clearly be positioned for patients who failed existing therapy. And last but not least, I think patients are much more aware of the disease. This is a symptomatic disease. When you have a migraine, you're very much aware of it. So I think patient mobilization in terms of their voice around the need to have access to drug is going to be important. The value these drugs bring to the marketplace too, when you think about how debilitating migraine really is in terms of stopping people from going to work, preventing people from being mothers or caregivers, there is huge value to society to allow these people to get back their independence and to become normal citizens again.
Anthony C. Hooper: Right. So we clearly believe that having a single J-code is not what you want, right? If you believe that a biosimilar has to be a decision made by a physician, you want clarity around each single product has to be able to reflect in the marketplace. So we're working hard to ensure that we have actual J-code by product as we go forward. On the pricing one, I'm not quite sure what the competition is doing and that's their decision.
Anthony C. Hooper: Yeah, I don't think any of the inventory movement had anything to do with the hurricane. Most of the discrepancies were as a result of contracts ending early and buying in that took place in the second quarter which would normally happen in the third quarter. There was sufficient inventory both in our supply chain here as well as in the wholesaler supply chain during this period.
Anthony C. Hooper: I think if you were at the ESC recently when we presented some of the subcuts of the Repatha outcomes data and we looked at the cohort where you had patients who entered at LDLs below 70 and how as you drove LDL down to levels way below 70, you actually got a higher reduction in myocardial infarction and reduction in stroke, and our data alone showing up to about a 33% reduction in MI. I can't understand why you wouldn't want to do anything other than drive LDL down as low as you can. So our drug does that, other drugs don't.
Robert A. Bradway: Sure, Terence, thanks for the question. Obviously, we think tax reform makes sense for the country. We've been advocating for that for some time. We continue to advocate for it and continue to advocate for the need for that tax reform to reflect the reality in Puerto Rico which is that a number of organizations, including Amgen, have major investments in Puerto Rico that were made there to capitalize on the tax advantages created by U.S. laws. So we're keen to see that as tax reforms plays out, the important role of manufacturing in the island is reflected and that the appropriate language is included in the tax reform to continue to maintain the incentive for us and others to invest on the island. So we're watching the process closely, Terence and interested as no doubt all of you are to see exactly how the language will be written to address the needs in Puerto Rico. And then more broadly on capital allocation, obviously we have a track record of returning significant capital to our shareholders and to the extent that tax reform happens and provides greater flexibility for us, we'll take that into account in our capital allocation plans. But as you know, from our track record over the last many years, we've been actively returning capital in the form of growing dividend and buyback and I'd expect us to continue that.
Robert A. Bradway: Okay, Robyn, I'll ask Tony to comment on the specifics of how we're looking at going to market. But your general point is noted. It has proven difficult for our competitors to get biologics approved and biosimilars approved on time. And we're not fully surprised by that. We expected that there would be difficulties and we expected that the capabilities we had would be helpful for us to differentiate versus some of our competitors. And I think that's what's playing out. But I think the gist of your question about how we're planning to go to market is one for Tony to address.
Robert A. Bradway: Yeah, so let me just take your question on Sensipar, and then Tony, you talk about Parsabiv. We have litigation, as you know, Eric, underway, regarding the pediatric extension, so I don't want to comment on that while the litigation is pending. But Tony, why don't you talk about Parsabiv.
Robert A. Bradway: With respect to our partnership with Novartis, we're very happy with how we're collaborating with each other. And neuroscience, as you know, we were really attracted to their BACE program because we liked the clinical experiment that's being run there. We believe strongly in BACE and we believe that the appropriate way to test it is by getting to patients early, and together that's what we're doing. And they liked our CGRP program and our commitment to migraine, so that we think we have a good partnership there. We have pioneered a lot of new ground in the cardiovascular space and we're excited about our intellectual property there, excited about what we see in the pipeline and so we're content to continue to own all of that franchise certainly in atherosclerosis. And as you know, we have partnerships already in heart failure. So we're generally optimistic and upbeat about what we see happening in cardiovascular. And as David said, we've fully invested in the standing up of that franchise.
Robert A. Bradway: Yeah, Michael, as David said in his remarks, we would expect – we'd normally give guidance in January for 2018, so we'd expect to do that. As David also said in his remarks, we've made great progress on achieving the objectives that we established for 2018. In some areas, obviously we're moving more quickly to achieve those objectives than we had expected, so we're looking at the options to what makes sense when we get to providing the next batch of guidance and talking to our shareholders about that.
Robert A. Bradway: Ian, before you go to the next question, let me just note that we're getting up towards the top of the hour, but I gather there are a few questions still queued up, so just wanted to alert the listeners that we'll go a little longer than usual. Go ahead to the next question.
Robert A. Bradway: Yeah. Okay. So two questions there, Ronny. I'm not sure we're going to want to talk about pricing. But with respect to J-codes, this is an important issue that we've been active in trying to help legislators understand. So Tony, go ahead.
Robert A. Bradway: We launched our oncolytic antiviral product or viral therapy with a very, we think, compelling value proposition, as you perhaps recall, Ronny. So we were trying to help institutions and patients understand that we were willing to cap their exposure from a price perspective. And I think that's been well received in the marketplace.
Robert A. Bradway: Well, Andrew, I guess the premise that it's relatively straightforward to develop these is one that people are struggling with in the industry. But as I said earlier, I think we expected that some of our competitors would struggle to achieve biosimilarity and we would observe that that's been playing out. So far we've been fortunate to be able to advance molecules that have passed the test with not just regulators here in the U.S., but globally, and we're committed to continue to try to do that. Obviously the first step along the journey is getting our products approved. We have now, as you know, two of them, AMGEVITA and MVASI, which is our biosimilar to Avastin. And we now have clarity around our launch plans for AMGEVITA and we're excited about that. We have ongoing litigation with respect to MVASI, so I think it's probably inappropriate to talk about that now. But generally, I think that since in the U.S. anyway, this pathway is still so new, there probably are still some regulatory paths to be made more clear. And I think certainly on the intellectual property front, there's still more work to be done in the field before we can all start to predict launch timetables accurately. So I'd like to resist trying to do that on this call, but I would remind you that we continue to be transparent about where our products are when they enter pivotal Phase 3 trials and when we file them with regulators and we'll continue to do that.
Robert A. Bradway: Sounds like you're trying to draw us into a discussion of hypotheticals there, Salim. I think, Sean, if you feel you want to be drawn to that, fire away. But I hope you'll take a moment just to reiterate what we've learned about our products in the outcomes trial.
Robert A. Bradway: Yeah, we have very robust contingency plans in place, Ian, and we're up and running. We're virtually all of our activities are up and running. We have astonishingly almost all of our 2,000 staff are back at work despite enormous disruptions in their personal lives. They're back at work making product for patients around the world. So we're, I must say, we're humbled and incredibly proud of what we've seen from our staff down there over the last five weeks. So we're up and running. We are dependent on our own sources of power right now and we're looking forward to the island getting the electrical grid restored. We're looking forward to the communications grid getting restored, looking forward to a reliable water supply. We think we're in pretty good shape there at the moment though and the roads. And gradually, things are getting back to normal for the families who work at companies like Amgen. But the good news is we're up and running.
Robert A. Bradway: Okay, well thank you, Sean. I think we probably should break now but let me just say a couple quick thoughts in conclusion. First, I hope you can see that we're executing on our strategy and that we've put the company in a strong position for dealing with the realities of the environment that exist in our industry today. I'm pleased with our efforts to drive growth products as well as with the lifecycle management of our mature brands. And I wanted just end by thanking our staff globally and particularly once more our colleagues in Puerto Rico for driving results and delivering for patients.
Sean E. Harper: Yeah, thanks for the question. I think initially, we have a form of human validation for this pathway and that if the ligand for this receptor is infused into migrainers, they experience migraine, and this is what was seen with CGRP as well. And we also have a pharmacodynamic assay that we look at in Phase 1, which is very similar to what we did with erenumab, where we know that we're covering the target and peripheral tissues. So the next step for this is to achieve clinical proof-of-concept for the pathway and in terms of the ability to prevent migraine and to understand the dose that's required for that. And then I believe that we need to begin to understand, since these are such different neural circuits in the brain, whether there is a situation in which we can see additive or synergistic activity between PAC1 inhibition and CGRP inhibition, where there are certain patients who respond to one but not the other, or whether we can get again a kind of a synergistic effect in patients who do already respond to CGRP inhibition. So I think that's all work that remains and we of course have the option to pursue that either through fixed dose type combinations, but we also have a bispecific program where we're actually able to inhibit both these targets in a single molecule. And that's all work that's going to be done, as we've mentioned, collaboratively here at Amgen but in collaboration with Novartis.
Sean E. Harper: Yeah well, I mean, my view would be that we've already seen with bococizumab, although they had their immunogenicity issues, which caused the molecule not to be able to be commercialized. We've already seen two PCSK9 inhibitors clearly fall along the CTCC (01:04:57) line. And so is it good for the science and for the field to have a third outcomes result? Sure, I mean, the reason there's so much confidence in statins, for example, is we have a couple dozen outcomes trials that all more or less show the same thing. And I think, so from a scientific perspective, I think it will reinforce a number of the issues. And so in that way, I look forward to seeing the additional data. Tony, obviously.
Sean E. Harper: Yeah, good. Thanks for the question. I think we do have an interest in cell-based therapies and we're very happy that we have the collaboration with Kite, now Gilead, around the six targets that we set up in that original deal. And we're learning a lot there and we're progressing those programs. I think our perspective remains, as we've looked at the technologies that the bispecific T-cell engaging approach, both in hematologic malignancies and increasingly in solid tumors, particularly in combination with checkpoint inhibitors, is appearing to be a very powerful technology. And these are off-the-shelf products that can be administered virtually immediately to patients and may offer a benefit/risk profile that would allow them to be used in earlier lines of therapy than in the current benefit/risk profile for CAR-T therapies, for example, tends to limit them to later stages of situations where patients are rather deep into the relapsed and refractory phases of their disease. I also think that we have a significant opportunity here now that we have the sense from accumulating data in our own hands and seeing what's going on out in the rest of the industry of the opportunity for BiTEs to have activity in solid tumors. And so I think we have a very large number of programs that we are pushing through the pipeline right now against both hematologic and solid tumor products. I think cell-based therapies do have a role and that role will probably increase over time as some of the technology matures. And it may be possible to use them in earlier lines of therapy, as I mentioned. And we're tracking that closely. But right now, for the immediate kind of foreseeable three to five year period, we remain very enthusiastic about the bispecific T-cell engaging platform, particularly now with the half-life extended protein engineering.
Sean E. Harper: Yeah, it's a great question. I mean, this is really a completely different mechanism of action than myosin activation. And while they're both targeting patients with heart failure, that's kind of where the obvious similarities end. I would say that what's been particularly exciting with apelin is the fact that we're seeing not only enhanced contractility, so systolic effect, but we're actually seeing enhancement of cardiac relaxation or diastolic effect. And that is unique in our knowledge to this particular mechanism. So it allows us to consider pursuing add-on therapy presumably to standard-of-care in the reduced ejection fraction setting as we are doing with omecamtiv mecarbil in our experiment right now in Phase 3, which by the way, is enrolling extremely well. And, but also to explore the situation where there is absolutely no registered therapy available for the heart failure with preserved ejection fraction population, which is a very large population and is currently very underserved. So it's still reasonably early days in the clinic, Phase 1, but this is one of the more exciting programs we have in the cardiovascular arena.
