Bob Bradway: Well, before my closing remarks, we'll go to Q&A. So let's have Ian, let's open it up for Q&A, remind our callers of the process that we'll follow. Thanks.
Bob Bradway: Just to state the obvious Jay we would have liked to have spent more in Q1 but we were getting a little bit disrupted there as you know at the end of the quarter. So we'll see what it's like for the remaining three quarters of the year.
Bob Bradway: Chris maybe I could just add a comment about manufacturing. Obviously, -- a lot of protein. We have great expertise in manufacturing at scale. And we think one of the things we can bring to the party here is our ability to supply a vast number of patients with our antibody.
Bob Bradway: Ian, let's take the next question. And it's getting -- and as it's getting late on the East Coast, if I can just ask everybody to please limit yourself to one question. Ian, let's go on with the next one.
Bob Bradway: I don't know about the course of 2020, Dane. We're -- those are two areas of keen interest for us for sure, oncology and inflammation. And we will continue to look for attractive innovative assets that we think we can add value to. The trick is always to be able to license or acquire molecules at a price that leaves return for our shareholders and we're pretty comprehensive in the way we assess the marketplace and we'll continue to keep an active watch and see whether there are some things that might be a good fit.
Bob Bradway: Yes. That's a really interesting question, Carter, and one that I think we'll get a lot of attention once things have settled down a little bit. It's still awfully fluid to be trying to predict how the experience of COVID-19 will affect our industry or our business model. But we'd be happy to engage with you on that topic at greater length, again, when the dust has settled a little bit. But fundamentally for us, our supply chain is in great shape. We, unlike some of our peers in the industry predominantly manufacture in the U.S. obviously -- even the people who work for us there are U.S. citizens and so we have the benefit that the vast majority nearly all of our manufacturing is done in the U.S. That supply chain questions a little bit less relevant for us and some of our industry peers. But I do think that this isn't going to be the last viral challenge that we face as a society and I think we'll all be trying to improve our business continuity planning and thinking when we come out of this to make sure that we're in a strong position as possible to avoid interruptions from events like this. But I think there will be a lot of learning across the whole economy, including the biotech economy. So we look forward to talking, you've got the right time.
Bob Bradway: Well I think everybody recognizes that we're going to need science and innovation to lead us out of this challenge that we find ourselves in globally. So -- importance of innovation and a little bit of humility perhaps in all camps about how hard it is to have the right innovation available for the world at the right time. So the good news is that the government, innovators, academia everybody are working together at a speed and a scale that I've never seen in my career. So I think that's a good sign and hopefully we'd be able to look back on this one day and say that it works. We've got a special ecosystem in particular in this country. And hopefully, we'll be able to look back and say when we faced the biggest challenge of our lifetimes the industry came through and delivered what we needed. And if we're able to do that I think it inevitably will help remind everybody that we haven't generated all the innovation we need as a society. There are still lots of areas of unmet medical need. And again, the more we can do to address it the better. But the question of drug pricing is not going to go away but hopefully there'll be some respect for how profoundly important innovation is.
Bob Bradway: Okay. Let me just wrap up recognizing that it's pushing on 7:00 on the East Coast. Again let me reiterate our appreciation for you joining the call. I hope what you take away from the call is that, we delivered a solid quarter one. We feel we're executing the business. Well our objective will be to remain an effective steward of the business through the short term. We want to be a leading corporate citizen through this challenging period as well and we will remain focused on delivering long-term growth by advancing innovation in those areas that you're familiar with at Amgen. So thank you all. Keep safe. Look forward to catching up with you on the next quarterly call.
Dave Reese: Tim, we're not going to go into details on that. Obviously, we continue to feel confident in the intellectual property around Enbrel. So, let's leave it at that for now. Thanks.
Dave Reese: Thanks Chris, Dave Reese here. I'll take that question. Yes. So, as you know there are a number of efforts going forward to develop therapeutic antibodies. And what we're trying to do I think that is potentially unique here is number one combine Adaptive's capabilities in immuno-profiling with our immunology and particularly our genetics work based out of deCODE. Our goal also is to really identify a very high-quality therapeutic candidate and it's my belief that there may well be more than one generation of antibody therapeutics entering the clinic. So, as we think about this we want to balance speed of development which of course is important with generating the highest quality candidate. And as work progresses we are up and running in the laboratory but we will provide guidance as -- in terms of clinical timelines as that work unfolds. But that collaboration is actively proceeding right now.
Dave Reese: I think the environment is pretty fluid still Geoff. So, I wouldn't try to -- I'm not sure I'd like to declare an answer to your question at the moment. But other than to reiterate that -- and we think we're in a strong position. We've talked about our balance sheet we talked about our desire to allocate capital to our internal innovation as well as the external innovation. And as you know we're pretty focused on our strategy and we'll look to see whether there are things externally that can help us strengthen our chosen areas. But maybe the other thing I would add just as a way to reiterate my appreciation of my Amgen colleagues is we had three very significant and successful integrations in the first quarter. So, it was a priority for us as a company to get off to a good start with Otezla and with BeiGene and with our Japan transaction and we really feel we've done that over the first four months of the year. So, I feel good about that.
Dave Reese: Thanks, Michael. Yes. A series of questions regarding AMG 510, we're continuing to enroll monotherapy patients with colorectal cancer. And as I've indicated before, we're going to look at those data, I would say, over the coming few months to determine whether we feel there's an appropriate monotherapy path forward in colorectal cancer or whether combination therapy is most appropriate. With respect to other non-lung cancer, non-colorectal cancer indications, we are -- there are other malignancies such as a small percentage of pancreatic cancer, appendiceal cancer and endometrial cancer and we will be able to provide updates on ASCO on some of those tumors and response data. And then finally in terms of the combination therapy trial these are some of the trials that we -- some of them we paused because they were either just initiating or had just initiated. We're getting ready to ramp back up. So I would expect first data with the earliest later this year perhaps the very first part of next year on those. But we're confident that we're not experiencing significant disruptions across the program in totality and we're happy -- we're quite happy actually with its progress.
Dave Reese: Thanks Terence. This is Dave. Yes. In terms of the timing of the date, I'd point out that what we've indicated is that we want at least six months of response data on all patients. And given that the last patients were enrolled towards the end of the last year that it takes a month or two typically for responses to develop. You can see that that pushes it into the second half of the year in terms of when we expect the data readout. We're absolutely on track and we're not experiencing any I would say substantial hiccups in the Phase 2 monotherapy study. We do want robust duration of response and progression-free survival data as part of that package. And I think those endpoints along with response rate to address the second part of your question will be an important part of the package in this Phase 2 monotherapy study.
Dave Reese: Yes. Thanks Yaron for the question. In terms of the comparator arm this was -- this choice was based on what remains -- one of the standards of care docetaxel around the world the discussions with regulatory authorities and investigators and we feel that that's an appropriate comparator here. The sample size calculations were driven by the desire to be able to robustly test for overall survival. And so the second part of your statement there is correct. If this was powered on overall survival.
Dave Reese: Well thanks, Ronnie. This is Dave. I'll start with the PD-1 question for AMG 404. We continue to develop AMG 404 primarily as a combination partner for our pipeline agents. This is a Phase I umbrella study and we added cohorts to study additional indications where the tumors in question have well described PD-1 sensitivity that will limit the need we hope for single-arm data in future trials and ultimately we think we'll probably need on the order of 200 give or take monotherapy patients to support the standard safety package for AMG 404. So all of that put together expansion of the Phase I trial allowed us an efficient way to generate appropriate data.
Dave Reese: Thank you, Umer, for the question. Yes. I mean, I think duration of response is one of the critical questions and that's why I indicated that -- the Phase II trial I think is going to give us the definitive answer there. That will -- and we wish to have enough follow-up to very robustly address both duration of response and progression-free survival. In terms of the combinations, I think it's perhaps a little too early to pick favorites. We are looking at a number of combinations, which is typical for oncology programs. All of those are based on an underlying biologic rationale. And as I indicated, we'll be generating data in that program in combinations over the course of this year.
Dave Reese: Thanks Mohit. Dave here. Yes, we remain keenly interested in AMG 592 IL-2 mutant, we're enrolling trials going forward and we'd expect data over the course of the year or perhaps early next year. Some of those trials we did temporarily pause because of the reluctance of investigators to start patients on new immunomodulatory agents in the course of the epidemic. But we remain quite interested in that program and we'll provide guidance as to when we're going to get data readout as we move forward.
Dave Reese: Yes, I think it is a golden age and I would approach it from two perspectives. There are new platforms. And our Head of Research, she has published a very great article in nature a week or two ago. I'd encourage all of you to read about what we call an induced proximity platform. This is a new suite of technologies that we think can open up much of the undependable space, so that sort of business development remains of great interest to us. And then as we've said before, I think there's a ferment of activity across the therapeutic areas of great interest to us and that will continue to be a focus going forward.
Dave Reese: Well thanks James, this is Dave. Yes we think it's actually -- there will be utility in studying Otezla in a variety of settings ranging from for example hospitalized patients but those that are not yet in the ICU to attempt to prevent progression to more serious disease as well as those with more serious disease. And so again we're in active discussions or have committed to platform trials. The one real guiding principle we have here is that we want these to be rigorous studies to provide the highest quality answers.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Hi, Matthew, it's Murdo. Yes, as I mentioned, we saw about $100 million of stocking inventory build I should say in the first quarter which happened across markets. The only other element that I would maybe compare in contrast to some other companies that are reporting, our business given that it's predominantly specialty biologics, I know a fair amount of physician administration products didn't necessarily have the same extent of early prescription fills and patient 90-day fills, that would have been an additional pull forward for some other companies. As they reported they blended that dynamic with end customer and wholesale inventory build. So the $100 million refers to end customer and wholesaler inventory, specifically. On products like Otezla, we may have had some pull forward from some early fills and maybe 90-day scripts. And we'll just have to wait and see how that works through in Q2.
Murdo Gordon: Okay. No that's helpful. Thanks for the clarification. So let's start with that topic. On the -- first off, our overall Medicaid portion of our business right now is quite low. It's less than 10% of our total revenue. And the majority of our products beyond that are reimbursed through Medicare Part B and D with or about 50% of our total business being reimbursed through commercial. So it's that commercial piece as you rightly point out that is likely or a portion of that is likely to transition to a government channel. Now the thing that's harder to predict is at what rate? So as people who become unemployed and an important distinction is furloughed, they retain benefits for a period of time if they opt into Cobra and furloughed employees are often still on their self-insured company employee plan sponsored plan. So there's a time lag that's going to occur before people transition to either a state exchange or a Medicaid benefit. So I think the impact could be a delayed one, more like towards the end of this year and into 2021. And of course, trying to pin down the actual numbers of Americans that are going to end up in an unemployment benefits is hard to peg right now. So those are the two things. It's the total bolus and the rate of change. I've heard some commentary and read some things that would appear to indicate people expect it earlier. Our perspective is that some of these patients and people will transition over time and it will more likely be a delay to an effect into 2021. On telemedicine, I would just say that there's a variety of maturity of high telemedicine is used by therapeutic area. If you think about mental health and I would argue even in neurology, telemedicine is already used quite extensively even pre-COVID. And I would say that the uptake for telemedicine and evaluating someone like a migraine patient is going to be relatively straightforward as it would be perhaps for a dermatology patient. So in the case of neurology, migraine would be Aimovig and then for dermatology it would be Otezla. You mentioned Evenity, of course Evenity is primarily prescribed post fracture, so patients are likely to be in a clinic or a hospital setting. And so the ability for the physician to evaluate the patient and prescribe Evenity is probably pretty straightforward related to that acute event. But we're watching it closely. We actually -- because of Aimovig and other brands that -- where telemedicine was already being used fairly extensively, we had some experience here that goes back over a year and we've been scaling our experience there now. So I think Amgen will be on the front foot when it comes to building out our capabilities in that area.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. And when it comes to our biosimilars business, we are pleased with the run rate of over $300 million in the quarter. I would say -- I would attribute our success first and foremost to Amgen's reputation as a high-quality biologics manufacturer. I think that is something that differentiates us and is perceived well by our customers. Our experience in Europe was a very positive one. We applied those lessons learned to our U.S. launches of the two oncology biosimilars. And I think it shows you that the biosimilars market is functioning well in the United States. I would also say that the biosimilar business model for Amgen is very much integrated with our innovative products. So the same people who are defending Neulasta, the same account managers who are defending Neulasta day-in day-out and making sure that the benefit of Onpro is understood by our customers are the same people who are establishing the uptake curve for MVASI and KANJINTI. So those account relationships that we've cultivated over many, many years in oncology have been extremely valuable. And our relationships at the payer-provider level, I think have helped us extend that trajectory nicely. I would also say that our patient services are exemplary and we have the very same patient services that we have for a product like KYPROLIS or XGEVA we apply to our biosimilars business as well. And then you mentioned, I think Avsola, which is our Remicade biosimilar. We do intend to launch that this year. And that product will help strengthen what is already a strong immunotherapy portfolio for us and will help us broaden out that customer perspective. And again that product will be integrated with our innovative autoimmune portfolio.
Murdo Gordon: So it's a bit early to tell. So take my comments with a very few weeks of experience here. I would say so far we have not seen a negative effect on our uptake. If anything we're seeing a steepening of our uptake curve. The one thing I will say that we haven't yet assessed that could happen is the total cycles of bevacizumab, or the total cycles of trastuzumab could be impacted. So from a share of molecule perspective, we're very pleased what we're watching is the total number of infusions of each of the molecules going forward.
Murdo Gordon: Alethia, I just want to clarify, its Murdo here. You are talking about clinical trial activity with those as well.
Murdo Gordon: Yes, we’re -- look we continue to watch the weekly trends. We’re listening to what our customer are telling us and we definitely think that we’ve got a little bit of buffer supporting Otezla right now because it is a convenient oral option. It's got great market excess coverage. It's affordable. We’re -- obviously also we mentioned the end of last year that we were putting in additional primary care effort to broaden the promotional effort behind Otezla and I think that’s also helping. So we’re feeling good about it and I think it’s the ideal kind of product or time like this where a lot of patients are concerned about visiting healthcare professional.
Murdo Gordon: Yes I think -- thank you, Geoff. I think what I mentioned was the patient visits were down 50%. Prolia were maybe not has impacted yet on Evenity or definitely the products that we’re seeing most impact in our portfolio. If you think about the physician administered products for Amgen and three business, we have our business. We have our nephrology business. We have our oncology business. Bone is by far the business that is being impacted the most. Obviously, it’s partly to do with the age and vulnerability of patients and we’re spending a lot of time working on alternate sites of care and proving continuity of care, setting up mobile programs where nurses can visit patients homes and administer and we’re working with the administration CMS policy, advocates to try and improve the buy-and-bill access to that home injection channel as well. Nephrology is holding up well. Obviously in renal disease these patients have to have their dialysis is life sustaining. So those volumes are holding up well. The providers there have been very good at collaborating and providing safe isolated sites of care for patients. And then oncology, it's down but not nearly as much as the bone. So that gives you a relative order of understanding of how we're seeing it.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thanks Cory. Look, we're very pleased with Aimovig's share performance. And we did have to do quite a bit of work over the course of the year to get to that 90% paid level. And now we have 93% of covered lives. So we're pretty pleased about that basis. I think what we're counting on for growth going forward because we expect price to stabilize throughout the course of the balance of the year is we're coming on unlocking additional patient volume. We've got over four million potential CGRP patient candidates out there. Physicians tend to persist with older oral products and aren't yet adopting CGRP products at the rate that we think that they could and should be to help ease the suffering of chronic migraine sufferer. So that's where we're focused. We're focused on unlocking the future potential volume now that these products and particularly Aimovig has a very affordable access coverage in the market.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thanks, Michael. The one thing I mentioned earlier in response to the question of biosimilars was the Amgen experience in knowing how to make biologics at scale in a very efficient way. So we have really good margins on this business. And I think going by our experience in Europe, where I would argue that the price degradation has probably been faster than it will be in the U.S., even with multiple competitors, we've been able to compete effectively for volume and we've been able to retain a very profitable business there. We, obviously, don't have a lot of analogs in the U.S. to understand the rate of change, so I'm going to hold back from speculating on what the future will hold. But there are clear things here that the more competitors you have compressed in the early phase of a biosimilar launch path, the more likely there is to be some precipitous price erosion. We're fortunate that we were early in the U.S. with both MVASI and KANJINTI and able to establish a very strong foothold in the market. I'll also repeat it, I said it earlier, but I do think that the biosimilar market is alive and well in the U.S. and functioning as you would hope free markets would.
