Bob Bradway: Okay. Thank you, Arvind. Thank you all for joining us. As you can see, we're off to a solid start in 2018 with 3% growth in product sales leading us to 10% growth in non-GAAP earnings per share. We had double-digit unit growth in all of our new and recently launched products including Repatha, KYPROLIS, Prolia and XGEVA. We also generated strong volume growth outside of the U.S. where our legacy brands have faced competition for some time. Repatha, KYPROLIS, Prolia, XGEVA and soon Aimovig are clear examples of innovative medicines that address real unmet needs. These will be important drivers of our long-term growth. In addition, we continue to invest in R&D to develop new game changing medicines like omecamtiv, tezepelumab and in the earlier stage molecules like our IL-2 mutein all of which have clear potential value propositions for patients and society. In addition the broad promise of our BiTE platform is coming into focus across a number of molecules in our cancer pipeline. The recent approval for BLINCYTO in ALL patients with minimal residual disease gives us confidence in this approach to immuno-oncology for both liquid and solid tumors. We're looking forward to launching Aimovig, our first neuroscience therapeutic, which is in turn a first-in-class CGRP antibody for migraine prevention. Together, with Novartis we're ready to launch Aimovig this quarter in the U.S. We hope to redefine migraine prevention for relevant patients, physicians and payers given the urgent unmet need and the pent up demand for a better therapy in this disease. Current therapies do not adequately address this debilitating disease and migraine is gone under appreciated and under treated for too long. Later this year we will see our biosimilar effort begin to come to fruition as we launch AMGEVITA our biosimilar of Humira internationally. We have a compelling opportunity to leverage our decades of biotechnology experience to create and reliably supply high quality biosimilars to patients worldwide. While gaining regulatory approval of biosimilars has proven challenging for many in the field, we have successfully executed in our plans receiving first cycle approvals for AMGEVITA and MVASI a biosimilar to Avastin. We have our next opportunity for approval with KANJINTI our biosimilar version of Herceptin on May 28, in the U.S. We believe biosimilars can be an important growth opportunity for us as we begin to launch our products globally. Our balance sheet and after tax cash flows are strong enabling us to invest in long-term innovative growth opportunities and to return capital to our shareholders. Our priorities for the use of cash continue to be investment in innovation and supporting the launches of our growth products while continuing to build out our global presence. Following tax reform, we announced plans to build a new state-of-the-art next generation bio manufacturing facility in Rhode Island, which will result in the creation of many new highly skilled jobs. This new plant, which is the first of its kind in the United States will employ Amgen’s proven next generation bio manufacturing capabilities and manufacture products for the U.S. and global markets. As for business development, we continue to look for innovative opportunities that are consistent with our areas of strategic focus while remaining disciplined about the path to earning return for our shareholders. We have a strong track record of returning capital to our shareholders, which we plan to maintain. Since initiating our dividend seven years ago, we have raised it on average 25% a year, while also returning excess capital through significant programmatic share buybacks like those, which we've undertaken this year. Briefly addressing the political environment, let me say that over the coming weeks and months, we will continue to work with Congress and the administration to advocate for policies that improve the affordability and access to important new medicines while seeking ways to constructively modernize Medicare program. In closing, let me just thank all of our Amgen staff around the world, as I look at our business today and into the future our outlook remains strong as we continue to deliver for patients and shareholders. Let me turn the call now to David.
Bob Bradway: Okay. Thank you, Sean. Inn, we turn over to our question time now and perhaps you could remind our callers of the procedure for asking question.
Bob Bradway: Well. I’m afraid your phone line was breaking up. So we couldn’t hear the question. Do you want to try to repeat that and then Inn, if we can’t hear at this time maybe you can recycle her towards the bottom end of the call. Sorry, won’t you try again, let see we can hear you.
Bob Bradway: Not great. Why don’t we get you on a different line and ask our operator Inn to help you get back in the queue.
Bob Bradway: Nothing new Terence. As I said in my remarks, we’re continuing to look at ways to use our balance sheet to strengthen the business, continuing to look at ways to invest in innovation. So we’ve made our – I think our points on that topic well known and I wouldn’t say, there’s been change over the course of last quarter.
Bob Bradway: Again I think, we have a track record of being pretty disciplined. The way we evaluate targets, our focuses on being confident that we have a pathway for our shareholders to earn a return. But we’re looking for ways to invest in our industry, we’re interested in innovation that aligns well with our six therapeutic areas that we focus in. And opportunities that are consistent with our desired advance innovation globally. But I think Mike, historically the evolutions have been challenged in this sector. We see a little bit of adjustment taking place now. And we’ll continue to be thoughtful in reviewing all the different opportunities. So we think can help us earn a return for our shareholders and help make a difference for patients.
Bob Bradway: Our focus somewhere is on finding opportunities to invest in innovation, again, we think we can make a difference innovation is focused in the areas that are important to us and opportunities that enable us to continue to expand our global footprint. So, I think speculation rises and falls through time at our industry. But our focus on those things has been consistent as has our determination to have a pathway to earn a return for our shareholders through our business development activities.
Bob Bradway: That would be tough to calculate that. As you know the dapple will run for a minimum of two years CMS will do a full evaluation of the benefit of the drug. We’ve looked at our head to head trial, we feel that was fairly beneficial from an efficacy perspective. We also believe because of the PPI we line administration during dialysis that adherence will improve. And by definition the real world situation will deliver a higher level of value to both the patients and the dialysis units. And therefore it’s not an and all it’s really evaluating the benefit the drug brings and then how that is calculated into the future bundle going forward post a dapple.
Bob Bradway: I just comment that I think you’re right that this sort of general expectation is that they do around the EHA time frame and at this point one assumes that they’re not going to be waiting around for another data set that I can think of to look at lowering land. So I think it’s pretty likely that they’ll come out. And I think that if you look at the pathway update that was done some months ago likely is kind of indicative directionally of where they’re likely to go as the data has accumulated.
Tony Hooper: Geoff, let me try and answer it in two ways that we are going to market together with Novartis. Novartis have a rich history of presence in the neuroscience market, both in terms of the salesforce and an outstanding medical organization. We have complementing it with both teams calling on specialists as well as some of the primary care physicians who have a propensity to look after patients with severe headaches or migraines. From a timing perspective, we clearly are in the lead. We look forward to launching first unlike the PCSK9 situation. We had to follow. We will actually sit in the price of cells. And this is clearly a market where patients have huge symptoms and actually know when they’re not being properly treated. So we look forward to a large dose of patients who want to come of this drug as quickly as possible.
Tony Hooper: Yes. So let me confirm again that quarter one is normally a 30 low quarter, because of the need for re-verification, the need for the reset of deductibles. So patients pick up in the second quarter. We said last quarter that we expected this quarter to be about 20% of the total annual revenue and then probably landed up at – being at about 21%, almost 22% of what I expect the full year to be. So my number don’t get as high as yours.
Tony Hooper: Ying, so a couple of things. One, it is a is a draft publication by ICER. They are requesting public comments up to an including, I think the 8 of May. So a number of organizations are busy commenting on that. It is the second publication, obviously, if you remember that that they has already been one publication, which took place on the 23 of March in the Journal of Medical Economics, authored by a number of headache specialists and economists, which laid out in very clear value range for this particular category. The ICER report doesn’t seem to take into account things such as absenteeism and presenteeism, which we would argue is really an important thing to look at from both an employee perspective and an employer perspective. But all of these ranges for within a reasonable level that will be discussing with the payers.
Tony Hooper: Eric, we saw an increase in the NBRxs after the outcomes data came into Repatha’s label. Since the ACC, we’ve seen relatively little change in the marketplace to date.
Tony Hooper: So Cory let me start that one and I’ll let Sean to talk about some of the differentiation between our product and the others that are trying to come to market. Clearly, we are in the lead as they said and coming to market first is important it allows us to set the baseline price. We look very carefully at the value based pricing has come forward. We’ve listened to the affordability question in the marketplace with the ESI or looking at value based prices and look forward to them opening up access in those situations to allow – access to appropriate patients. And we will continue to come forward with prices that are responsible that take into account the co-pay requirements as best we can. We have a number of risk based contracts on the table with Repatha and we’ve acquired to pay that talk to players about risk based complex with Aimovig. So let me ask Sean to talk a little about why we think this drug is actually very different to the others coming to markets.
Tony Hooper: Okay, Carter. So, it’s a great indication to have to expand the label we estimate there’s about one hundred thousand multiple myeloma patients in the U.S. that potentially could benefit from the product. Because it’s a Part B product I don’t see the prescriptions as tightly as I do with the Part D products. So we tend to look back about six to eight weeks in arrears. It is clear that there’s a large number of patients who could benefit from this the feedback has been good. The buy end probably accounts for about $30 million in the quarter, which we expect to burn out quite quickly. But everything we’ve heard to date has been positive.
Tony Hooper: Okay. So Aranesp, as you know, is bifurcated into a whole lot of pieces more than half of our business is outside the United States where the business continues to be fairly stable other than foreign exchange. Inside the U.S. it is divided between the dialysis nephrology business the hospital nephrology business and the oncology areas. Oncology has been declining for some time, so we see no change there. In the nephrology dialysis there has been a movement from a competitor a long acting competitor from FMC that has now moved into some of the IDOS and the MDOS and some of the decline you are seeing, we do have volume and shape contract with a few of these people and we will continue to fight account by account. And then on the nephrology hospital there’s a strange compare versus first quarter 2017 which included a large clinical trial purchased from a competitor.
Tony Hooper: So, I think we’ve always said that we would always want to have a situation where the physician has a choice on behalf of the patient. So I would always advocate for having an open formerly. We do talk consistently about looking for ways and means to have access for this high risk patient population. There’s about 3.4 million patients in the high risk population. We think a very, very small percentage a single digit penetration has been made in that population to date. And then I’ll let Sean talk about the scientific discussion around lowering LDL.
Tony Hooper: As of going past 6:00 PM on the East Coast. Why don’t we take two last questions after which Bob will make some closing comments.
Tony Hooper: And then from a revenue perspective, I would imagine it would be very difficult for payer to have utilization and management criteria that defer to the guidelines that are published by the HA and the ACC.
Tony Hooper: And Nick I’m not sure as well as you’re referring to the manufacturing but anyway you can follow up with Arvind and his team who were here for a while. We didn’t get to the full breadth of your question. Anyway let me just wrap up by thanking you all for joining the call. As you can see we’re off to a good start here at the first quarter of 2018. We think we’re in a strong position heading into the balance of the year. And we’re feeling confident about the long-term outlook for growth of the company. So we look forward to joining with you again here after the second quarter. Thank you.
Sean Harper: So we – this is a half-life extended kind of a construct that we’ve designed. And I think that we have some, of course we have preclinical models of these diseases. But I would say that when you’re working with such a different mechanism than has ever been applied to autoimmune disease before. Our faith in the predictive nature of these animal models of diseases like lupus and RA and so on is modest. So we use all kinds of scientific reasoning and the animal models to guide us into kind of the initial set of experiments that we chose. But it’s fair to say that like was the case when for example TNF inhibitors came available or IL-17 and so on. It’s ultimately important screened through humans with these diseases to determine, whether the mechanism can be fruitful.
Sean Harper: Right. So it’s a good question, I mean the first thing I would point out is that, at the moment moving into the clinic. We really just have a few CAR-Ts and we deliberately matched a couple of them with BiTEs so that we could actually, scientifically determine the pros and cons of these technologies. Because the data that exists today are very much apples and oranges in terms of the patient populations and the way that they’ve been pre-conditioned for example before being treated with, let’s say, CAR-T cell versus BLINCYTO, even when you get into diseases that are on the surface the same ALL for example or the various forms of CD19 positive lymphoma. So I don’t want to give you the – you to get the impression that for lots and lots of our targets we have double programs. We have helpful that are designed specifically to, hopefully in humans give us some understanding of whether the benefit risk looks better for one these hyper technologies versus another. And so that’s kind of an approach and we like to understand that in both hematologic and in solid tumor settings. Ultimately what will determine what we move forward with is, primarily in oncology is going to be efficacy, right with an acceptable amount of safety. And what we really don’t know yet is whether you can get some generally similar kind of a clinical benefit from – for example, a bite intervention versus a CAR T, it would be hard to imagine that you would select the CAR T under those circumstances given a lots of consider practical, considerations cost to goods and thing in that sort. It’s early days, I don’t think anyone has ever really made these comparisons, there is a lot of speculation. And we’re hoping to shed some actual light on these clinical questions.
Sean Harper: Sure. Yes, I think that with romo, we’re at this point where we’re well into a process of discovering the entire clinical data base experience with the molecule to make sure that we have every cardiovascular event that may have occurred in any of the trials and then run them through a new blinded adjudication process. Well that make sound easy, it’s actually quite time consuming and requires coordination between us and another clinical center in this case Timmy. So that’s underway and I think the results of that are going to be very important in determining where we end up with the product. Obviously the unmet need for this kind of anabolic product it’s very strong. The compelling need for it, the efficacy was very favorable. And it’s a short period of treatment one year, so I think that what we really need to understand is do we believe that there is actually a cardiovascular risk because as you know, Geoff, we have two studies they can’t both be true, one of them says there’s a risk the other one says no. So if we get some additional information from this reanalysis it could tip the scales in one direction or the other, we’re just seeking the truth. And then whatever the truth is it will make its way into the label. So it’s a little bit hard to know where that benefit risk will land and whether we’ll be talking about a patient population that has a particularly significant level of unmet need and therefore it makes sense to use it in a context in which we actually believe there’s a cardiovascular risk versus that the cardiovascular risk seems to be much less of a true phenomenon. And so that’s the best I can do to characterize that at this moment.
Sean Harper: Well, Tony I think that there’s a number of things to just point to in terms of the advantage besides being first to market. I first of all, we are a receptor antagonist and that is still the case, we’re the only receptor antagonist in the clinic and we chose that path for a number of reasons. But one of them was potency and so we seem to be the only product that doesn’t require loading doses or intravenous administration, which can be quite an awkward thing for patients and providers in general. We recently developed the data and this is being presented today in this population and highly refractory patients who failed as many as four prior prophylactic therapies and the data looked really strong in that group. So that’s a differentiated data set. And I think also remember that when physicians are dealing with patients and it is encratic either adverse reactions or lack of – or presence of efficacy they have to choose between different agents within a class. Generally speaking, a physician is if they started with for example one of the ligand sequestering antibodies going to another ligand sequestering antibody doesn’t make a whole lot of sense compared to trying a receptor antagonist. So we hope that the receptor – us being the only receptor antagonists would result in more therapeutic sort of options for physicians who are trying to manage this very challenging condition.
Sean Harper: Yes. So I’m familiar with the GEM article that you were referring to that was just published it’s a meta-analysis. I’d point you to the accompanying editorial, which I thought was pretty good at outlining some of the likely confounding that occurred in that meta-analysis. The problem with these meta-analyses is when they go back in time 20 plus years and look at mortality. They’re very confounded by the case fatality rates that occur when people are hospitalized in the studies or experienced heart attack and stroke for example. So if you go back to for example the 4S study or Western Scotland studies the case fatality rate for a heart attack back in those days was like 30%, now it’s 4%. So you really end up with a very confounded analysis which says, well gee, when you start with a high LDL and you lower it kind of to a mid range you get this big benefit on mortality. Well that’s just what they were doing back then because there were no statins. And so people came in at very high LDL levels and they got reduced. And nowadays they come in at much lower LDL levels and it’s virtually impossible to demonstrate a statistically significant reduction in mortality, which has not happened in them in a long time and with a lowering trials. So I think that it’s very confounded, I think the editorial speaks to most of that and also just talks about shouldn’t we pay attention to the biology in our understanding holistically about how these products work and the data that emerged from all the studies that have happened in this field whether they be with statins or products like ezetimibe or now the PCSK9 inhibitors. The overall clear picture is that no matter where your LDL starts if you lower it substantially in a patient who’s at high risk, you’re going to really going to get a very large risk reduction. It is true that if a patient starts at a high LDL they have a higher risk because LDLs are risk factors. So in absolute terms you get a little bit more benefit for treating patients who have higher LDLs. But the relative risk reduction appears to be consistent across trend and the highest quality data show a very clear picture of lower is better without any safety concern. So that’s my comments on it.
Sean Harper: Well let me answer the second question first. I think that – I believe that in most disease settings with whether you’re dealing with the CAR T or the buy specific T cell engaging type technology particularly in solid tumor settings but even in some settings such as lymphoma. People will hypothesize that there could be additive or synergistic effects between checkpoint inhibition and the use of piece kind of targeted antigene focused approach. So I think time will tell but you can expect to see many of these agents developed where in arm and in the clinical trial will be to combine the product with a checkpoint inhibitor in addition to looking at its activity alone. I hope that’s answer that part of the question. And Tony I think there was a component of the question having to do with kind of the more of the commercial landscape. I mean, these are Phase I, these are – we’re just getting ready to started enrolling the first patient in our first CAR T program in Phase 1. We’re certainly working with Tony’s organization but at this early stage at this point.
