Robert A. Bradway: Okay, thank you, Sean. I know we've taken more time than usual on our introductory remarks, so let's go straight to questions, Derek, and just please remind our callers of the process for the next step.
Robert A. Bradway: And, Matthew, maybe just big picture here, when we look at the flow of patients into the information space, particularly rheumatology and dermatology, we see no reason in the marketplace that the trend of an increasing number of patients into this therapy would have abruptly changed between the fourth and the first quarter. So we think that we'll continue to see growth in the underlying demand for these kind of products.
Robert A. Bradway: I think it's probably a subtle question that you're asking there, Ying, so why don't we just take a moment and really step through it. Tony, why don't you go ahead and take the first go.
Robert A. Bradway: I think the important information here is that the data demonstrated that lower is better, or as Sean said and as we increasingly hear from experts in the field, lowest is best. And I think people recognize that the current guidelines are out of sync with that. So the data make the point clear, and we expect to see white papers and then ultimately changes in the guidelines. But for right now, the data are an important piece of getting people to understand how to manage this disease for patients. Let's go to the next question.
Robert A. Bradway: I think there are a couple things in your question there, Ronny. Let me tease apart the two pieces of it. First, as you know, the Supreme Court reviewed this today, and so we'll know within a matter of weeks. Obviously, we think the 180-day needs to be enforced as it was written in the law. But with respect – I think you must have been referring to the short-acting competitors to NEUPOGEN.
Robert A. Bradway: I guess I'm not sure what you mean by delayed. I think again, the big picture here, Ronny, is that we've known for some time that we'll face biosimilar competition. We're expecting that that will happen for Neulasta, and we're ready for that. You've seen the actions that we've been taking over the past couple years to be ready for that. And we're ready to embrace the competition, and we've positioned the company from an operating expense standpoint with the knowledge that that competition is coming, and we're launching medicines and entering markets that we think will help us grow beyond that. So the 180-day is obviously post-FDA approval, so we're watching different competitive products make their way through the regulatory pathway.
Robert A. Bradway: Yes, it's worth keeping in mind the big picture here, Alethia. There's some data in a peer review publication from this week recognizing that there are 100,000 hospitalizations a year in this country from patients who suffer from an infection while undergoing chemotherapy, and of course that's what NEUPOGEN and Neulasta are designed to address. And any product like Onpro that can help prevent some number of those infections is an important product. So there's still an important need in the marketplace. This innovative delivery device enables us to meet a large portion of that need.
Robert A. Bradway: And, Geoff, as regard to your questions about operational details, obviously those are topics that we discuss with them in detail before we move forward. And we think between the two of us, we think we've got those details worked out. But again, we're excited to have this partnership in hand and we look forward to getting this molecule approved so we can get out and help patients with it.
Robert A. Bradway: All right, thank you all for your questions and for your time. We appreciate it. Maybe just a quick couple of quick thoughts from me and then we'll let you back to work. First, as you heard in our discussion, we're pleased with the volume growth, particularly from our newer products in the quarter. Clearly, there was some noise in the first quarter around Enbrel and the trends. But as you heard us say, we think the long-term trends for Enbrel are on track despite that noise in the marketplace in the first quarter. And again, lastly, we think we've positioned the company well. And as a group here, we're excited about the future given the long-term growth opportunities that we see for Amgen. So thanks for your interest. We'll look forward to talking to you on the second quarter call.
Anthony C. Hooper: Terence, sure. All our discussions with the payers have been really starting with the discussion on the Repatha outcomes data, and I don't think we've had any pushback at all in terms of people really understanding the robust value. We will continue to work with them. Obviously, each one of them has agreed to go back and relook at the utilization management criteria as we speak. There does appear to be a slight adjustment in the net price. One was due to a small accounting adjustment. And two, of course, we book our patient copay program to the net price, and the first quarter is normally a lot higher than second, third, or fourth. So we see that normalizing as we go forward.
Anthony C. Hooper: Thanks, Matt. So as you know, with Enbrel as a retail product, about 97% of the volume is reported on a script basis, so we can track it quite tightly. For the quarter, it was definitely down, both rheumatology and dermatology. When I look at it sequentially, January, February, March, and then as I see it going into April, each one of those months has shown an incremental growth both in terms of DOT as well as prescriptions and in terms of growth. So January was down a lot. February was better than January. March was better than February, and April is starting to look much better than March as well. From a net price, we don't see a dramatic change in the net price. Some the new contracts are coming into place, but our outlook on net price for 2017 hasn't changed at all. And when I look at abandonment rates, abandonment rates in the first quarter are pretty similar for Enbrel to what they were in the fourth quarter or the third quarter last year.
Anthony C. Hooper: So all our discussions with cardiologists have been around their frustration of the administrative burden that has been placed upon them to get a prescription for appropriate patients. A lot of them are having to hire full-time nurses to spend the entire day chasing down required patient data, to chase down interactions between the patient or between the physician and the respective payer or the PBM. The guidelines themselves clearly in everyone's mind would help move the decision-making and the utilization criteria a bit quicker. But our major conversation with physicians is not really around the guidelines; it's more around the inconvenience. From a guideline perspective, clearly both the AHA and the ACC are busy looking at the outcomes data. They've told us they're busy identifying position papers they wish to put forward. The NLA, the National Lipid Association, was there. The Association of Preventive Cardiology (sic) [American Society of Preventive Cardiology] (54:25), run by Dr. Seth Baum, is in the process of looking at a revised set of guidelines, including a proposed set of utilization management criteria, which they're proposing the PBMs and the payers should be using. In terms of guidelines themselves, both the AHA and the ACC have said it will take some time before they actually get to a final guideline change.
Anthony C. Hooper: So, Eric, I don't think I've spoken to a single cardiologist or general practitioner who hasn't commented on how onerous the process is to gain access to these products. I think without a doubt, the third-party organizations, the professional organizations such as the ACC, the AHA, as well as patient organizations such as the FH Foundation are the ones who are running the research work at the moment, including Duke, as I said. We actually looked at those patients who received a PCSK9 and those who didn't, and actually show there's no clinical difference in the patients themselves. This type of burden I think is going to start putting the pressure on the payers. Talking to the payers, they themselves are agreeing with us that the clinical data is important, and they need to expand access to appropriate patients. So we will continue to drive that interaction with them.
Anthony C. Hooper: So let me start, Cory, by just telling you about an interaction I had with my counterpart at Novartis yesterday. He and I have both been in recent contact with neurologists who specialize in treating patients with chronic migraine. And the two of us are quite elated at the level of excitement we're seeing amongst these physicians about having for the first time in decades a treatment opportunity to really help people who have this debilitating disease. It truly is one of those symptomatic diseases where if you've got a migraine, you really know about it, and it impacts how you run your life. Can you run your life or can you be a good caregiver? We are starting our discussions with the payers right now. We are helping them see the data from a clinical perspective. Obviously, the real negotiation can only start once we have the label, and we look forward to having that in the next couple months or so.
Anthony C. Hooper: Alethia, it's Tony. So let me go back to a comment I made on the last quarter earnings. Let's use MD Anderson as an example of probably one of the premier large oncology teaching centers in the country. It took MD Anderson almost – just over 12 months to go through their P&T committee to get an agreement within the institution to start shifting patients to Onpro. And the rationale was they were really having a good look at the clinical value, the treatment protocols, the discharge protocols, and they finally agreed that this product was certainly worthwhile having. We spent a number of weeks training their 600 oncology nurses so they were able to really identify the right patient, administer the drug before patients went home, and they have therefore changed the clinical practice. The feedback we get from both the oncology nurses, the oncologists themselves, and patients in fact about the fact they no longer have to come back 24 hours later or a day after their chemotherapy when they're in the middle of chemo-induced nausea and vomiting is a huge advantage and allows them a better quality of life. So we really believe that the benefit this drug brings is not simply a device. It is really something that allows patients to continue to live their lives whilst being treated for cancer. It also has resulted in changes, definitive changes in discharge protocols, which we think will take some time to be reversed if there's no other alternative.
Anthony C. Hooper: Sure, we've been working with Novartis now from a global research perspective and a global marketing perspective for some time. So the teams have gotten to know each other quite well. My counterpart and I have been drawn into these discussions with these experts, as I said, and he and I are becoming even more increasingly excited about the opportunity to deliver a first-in-class product like this to patients in need. He and I both have experience in terms of launching products in the U.S. over the last five years or so, and we understand some of the barriers and some of the challenges. But we also understand the large unmet need over here. It's clear to us that a strong start in terms of having a clear group of physicians who realize the importance of treating patients properly is going to be important to place pressure on the entire payer system to ensure we can get access. They have a very good presence in the neuroscience market. The feedback we've had from third-party research has shown their team and their medical team are very well regarded, and this strong relationship in our mind will support the ability to launch fast, launch rapidly, and be highly effective in the initial uptake. So they're a good team to be with. We will work closely with them, and I think we can maximize our ability to bring value to patients.
Anthony C. Hooper: So, Ian, it's Tony again. So clearly, everything here is driven from the interpretation and understanding about outcomes data, that fundamentally this product, Repatha, on top of maximally tolerated statins, which is the gold standard to date, is able to drive LDL down further and reduce even more dramatically the risk of heart attack and stroke. So the discussions with the payers are consistently around the utilization management criteria to make sure that the burden is less onerous for physicians, that they and patients are able to get access to products quicker and faster. White papers or position papers from professional cardiology organizations are really essential to start paving the way to ensure we move towards the guidelines down the road. But they factor, the good clinical data is what's important. Payers have said to us from the beginning that yes, they see the drug lowers LDL, but they need to understand what that means. The outcomes data now shows you what that means, and all our discussions have been, if we are to renegotiate a contract, it is based around the payers' willingness to amend and make more simple the utilization management criteria.
Anthony C. Hooper: Let me take that one, Geoff. The major difference probably between the two is that the majority of Prolia sales are Part B, so it's a buy in bulk model, where Repatha is predominantly a Part D or a retail product we sell. I think it's all around the value proposition, and we go back again to the day we presented at the ACC just to reconfirm that the present net price of Repatha in the marketplace is well within the range of the value proposition or the value-based pricing in fact for this particular product. So I think the two things are different. There was a lot of speculation up front about how the PCSK9s could cost the market $150 billion or whatever it was, which resulted in some silly actions, I think, with all due respect. The drugs continue to show real good BAT value. We're happy to stand up and discuss it anywhere. And how the bank (1:19:54) would pay at the moment is how do you change the utilization management criteria, nothing else.
Anthony C. Hooper: Sure. One, I don't remember us putting out a white paper, so I just want to make sure that we're not being given authorship of something we didn't write because I'm unaware of Amgen putting out a white paper. We have said historically in the past that we believe that the biosimilar market will move much like a branded generic market; that the pricing in the beginning will be cautious; that the people who come to market and those who actually use biosimilars will be looking for a combination of quality, continuity of quality, continuity of supply, and the reputations of the organizations coming to market. We believe that at Amgen we have a lot of good reputation. We have a 38-year history of never shorting a patient, of having quality product consistently on the marketplace. As we've gone through the process of actually developing these biosimilars ourselves, we've realized how tough it is to actually bring these drugs to market or how to develop them. We've spent time with regulators around the world making sure they understand what good looks like, that the rules and regulations are aligned with what we are doing. There is some debate in the U.S. around linked J-codes between the brand versus the biosimilar. I think those are still being debated at the moment. But until then, it's an unlinked J-code, which means the reimbursement or copays are different. There's a lot happening in the marketplace, and how that could change, I can't speculate now.
Sean E. Harper: Yes, what I would say is that it's still early days for a lot of the therapies that are still in development. But as you look across the biologics landscape in asthma, there's a few things that are clear. One is that in aggregate, asthma is an enormous opportunity from the perspective of the unmet need and the number of patients who are, for example, having to take courses of oral corticosteroids throughout the course of the year to manage their disease, which is very problematic for them. And I think what you're seeing is that many of the mechanisms that are either out there now in biologics or being developed currently are segmented to populations that, for example, have high eosinophilic counts, atopic phenotype, et cetera. And in the case of TSLP, what we like about TSLP is it is a very upstream kind of a mediator of this inflammation. And our expectation is that we could have a very broad impact on patients with activity across the spectrum of patient phenotypes within the asthma disease spectrum, which would make it a very attractive therapeutic option.
Sean E. Harper: Okay, so with respect to ARCH, the percentage of patients in Latin America, I don't remember an exact number, but it is substantially less that it was in the FRAME study, but it is still meaningful. So I think it's about 30% roughly, whereas it was higher than that in FRAME. But I think it's important to recognize that it wasn't the part of the world that the drug was being administered that was the problem. It was the fact that the fracture rates in a placebo-controlled population where physicians were very hesitant to put high-risk individuals into the trial because of the placebo arm, that the fracture rate was so low that we really didn't have any opportunity to demonstrate a further lowering of the fracture rate. And we don't expect that phenomenon in FRAME because the patients that were enrolled were by definition, by protocol, much higher risk. They had to have had prevalent fracture already. They have had much lower T-scores and so on, because in this case, patients are either getting romosozumab followed by alendronate, or alendronate from the get-go with no placebo control. So I wouldn't focus so much around the question of Latin America, although that was where we saw the problem with the very low event rates. And then the other piece to keep in mind is that we do have an event-driven analysis for non-vertebral fracture in ARCH which we didn't have in FRAME. And that also, as you know, addresses this event number powering problem that you can run into, which is essentially the wall we hit in FRAME. With respect to CGRP, I think it's a very good question. One of the things that I learned from talking with people at the meetings in Boston is that the real question in most neurologists' mind right now about the CGRP class remains long-term safety and tolerability. They're very impressed with the efficacy data. They're very impressed with the tolerability and safety that have been observed to date in relatively short exposures in the Phase 2 and Phase 3 study. And so I think there are a number of things that we have been doing specifically as a company, like we have over three years of long-term exposure in open-label extension studies. Other companies, to our knowledge, have not been doing this. We did the CV TREADMILL study on our own volition because we felt that, again, these were going to be kind of questions that would exist in the marketplace. We have a number of pre-clinical and clinical studies, for example, on the impact on blood pressure and so on that would have been done specifically in anticipation of the kind of questions that prescribers will have around the long-term safety of the product. Many of these data are not broadly appreciated because they haven't come out in peer-reviewed publications and they haven't been necessarily presented in plenary type presentations like the Phase 3 data were. But in aggregate, I think these are going to be important and potentially differentiating data for the product.
Sean E. Harper: Yes, so the BLINCYTO studies are just enrolling now, so it's a little bit hard to project when we would be presenting data from them. That depends, of course, on a number of factors in terms of enrollment rate and when we might hit certain milestones with respect to interim analyses and so on. But the program is progressing on plan, and we're seeing a lot of enthusiasm in the marketplace in the clinical trial investigator space, I should say, for the program. And then with respect to the CNP520 program, there are some futility analyses built into the Alzheimer's study, which are designed to cut losses if we weren't seeing some kind of an effect. And I believe there may be also an early stopping efficacy interim late in the trial, though. I'd have to go back and look at the protocol to be sure about that.
Sean E. Harper: Yes, so you might remember that this was highlighted in The Wall Street Journal the other day. Novartis and Amgen I think had come convergently to the opinion that we have extremely high confidence in the target itself, in large part because of the genetic validation work that was done on this target at deCODE. And so the question is really a question of when to intervene. And what we're doing in this study is enriching for a population, who based on their APOE genotype and age are very highly predisposed to converting from a normal cognitive capability to a minimally impaired cognitive capability. So we're going earlier than anyone else has done to date. This actually may be what's required to demonstrate a disease modifying effect. So the molecule itself is a very high-quality small molecule BACE inhibitor that has been demonstrated to drop A-beta levels dramatically in CSF and all that good stuff. And the main issue strategically is to go in a little bit earlier in this population. And while this is a genetically defined population, about 60% of patients who actually develop Alzheimer's have one of these predisposing alleles. So it's not some tiny little population. It's genetically defined.
Sean E. Harper: Yes, I think that the siRNA technologies right now look good enough that in the case where the only way one can drug a target appears to be siRNA-based inhibition, it's a reasonable thing to pursue. And so that's what we're doing, for example, for LPa where we don't feel there's any other way to drug the target. It's not a derisked platform at this point, and there obviously are concerns. And I think that regulators are going to be very cautious in approving products early on that are based on this kind of novel platform, unless of course it's in a setting where there's very high unmet need and no other kind of options. So we are exploring siRNA largely in settings in which the drug can't be – the target can't be interdicted in other ways, and also where we feel that the therapy would be unique in its ability to address that target. So LPa represents an example like that. We have other targets that we feel are potentially that way. And so at this point, we're moving that ahead. The program is really still in a preclinical stage, but it is moving very rapidly. The collaboration has been great. But I can't really give specific timelines of when it would be in the clinic at this point.
Sean E. Harper: Yes. So what I would say is that having evidence of non-vertebral fracture impact is important for cytotherapeutics (1:25:56). Of course, the most important endpoint for physicians, payers, and patients is clinical fracture, which is the symptomatic vertebral fractures which can be very profoundly impactful to patients' quality of life, as well as the long-bone fractures or non-vertebral fractures. And there, we've seen good results, and that's one of the co-primary endpoints for ARCH as well. And I think that it is something that is an important variable. In the end, things like hip fracture are the real dreaded complications of osteoporosis. So having a sense from the aggregate data for a molecule that there can be protection in sites like the hip is important, and that's why we're anticipating ARCH keenly, as it's coming very soon. I can't comment on what we exactly we'll decide to disclose in a press release. We are always focused on very complex embargo requirements by both the society clinical presentation venues as well as the journals that we're trying to publish in, and this can be quite an elaborate dance to figure out what we can put into our press releases in that setting.
