Arvind Sood: Erica (ph) Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. Welcome to our Q3 call. I think the 3 key themes for this quarter are continued execution, pipeline advancement, and preparedness to long [Indiscernible] new products. Let's get started.  The slides have been posted. A quick reminder that we use non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation and some of the statements will be forward-looking statements. Our SEC filings identify factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially. So with that, I would like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO Bob Bradway. Bob (ph).
Arvind Sood: Let's take the first question, and we can answer that, and the rest, call me later, this is Arvind from Investor Relations and we can address those questions separately. So maybe we can address the question about LUMAKRAS.
Arvind Sood: Erica, as we're getting close to the top of the hour, why don't we take one more question after [Indiscernible] ask Bob to make some concluding comments.
Bob Bradway: Okay, hello, everyone and thank you for joining our call. It was another solid quarter of growth for Amgen with total revenues rising 4% driven by volume growth of 8%, which reflects the strong global demand for many of our innovative medicines such as Repatha and Prolia as well as for our high-quality biosimilars. Earnings per share for the quarter grew 11%, thanks to disciplined management of our operating expenses. Shifting to the future. As we begin to see beyond COVID-19, I believe we've set ourselves up well to deliver attractive growth over the long term.  By way of example, I'll draw your attention to our immunology and oncology portfolios, where we are building on our successful track record through a combination of internally generated innovation and strategic business development, which we expect to contribute to our long-term growth. In inflammation, we're very excited about Tezepelumab, a first-in-class treatment for severe asthma that we hope to launch in the U.S. next year.  Given that millions of patients for whom existing asthma therapies are inadequate, we believe Tezepelumab will be a significant growth driver for us for years to come. This product builds on our many years of success in inflammation. First with ENBREL and now, of course with Otezla. We remain optimistic about the growth potential of Otezla.  And as the next step, we are eagerly awaiting an expanded indication in the U.S. for mild-to-moderate plaque psoriasis, particularly at a time when concerns have emerged for some potential new competitors. We also continue to grow Otezla globally with the product now available in over 40 countries, up from 32 countries when we acquired it.  Looking a bit further into the future, we expect to bring AMGEVITA, our biosimilar to Humira, to the U.S. in 2023. We expect to replicate the success we've had with the AMGEVITA in many other markets around the world. We're also enthusiastic about AMG 451, phase three ready, potential first-in-class treatment for atopic dermatitis that we're studying with our partners Kyowa Kirin, as well as a number of Amgen discovered therapies currently in Phase 2 for lupus and celiac disease.  In oncology, we're happy with the recent launch in the U.S. of LUMAKRAS, our first-in-class KRAS G12C inhibitor, which treats non-small cell lung cancer. And we look forward to additional approvals and launches in major markets around the world as we roll forward. LUMAKRAS joins a portfolio of medicines already generating some $10 billion a year in sales. Several of these Medicines delivered double-digit sales growth in the third quarter, including KYPROLIS, BLINCYTO, and [Indiscernible]. Looking ahead, we're excited about the growth potential of several other oncology assets in our pipeline. We have initiated already our first Phase III trial for Bemarituzumab, a potential first-in-class molecule to treat gastric and gastro esophageal junction cancers. We're also making good progress with several of our internally discovered solid BiTE -- solid tumor BiTE molecules, including one for prostate cancer and another for small cell lung cancer.  In short, we have a number of products now on the market with plenty of room to grow, more coming over the next several years from our pipeline, a compelling discovery research engine to continuously replenish that pipeline, and the wherewithal to take advantage of compelling business development opportunities as they arise. All that gives me confidence in our ability to serve more patients around the world, and to deliver strong financial performance for our shareholders.  On a final note, I would like to take my Amgen colleagues for their continued commitment to patients and to our business. We were delighted to be named last week by Fortune Magazine as one of the 25 best workplaces in the world. And that's a reflection of our people in the passion and excellence they bring to their work. David, let me turn it over to you.
Bob Bradway: Thank you, Peter (ph). Why don't we open up the call now for questions and let's remind our callers of the procedures and the request that we limit our questions to just 1 on the first go. Thanks.
Bob Bradway: Yeah, Michael, you're right. We're not going to get to 2022 guidance at this point. I think what you can see are we continued to manage the business effectively. That's I think reflected in the 4% on the top-line and 11% on the bottom-line EPS growth. And we we'll continue to invest in opportunities that we think can deliver growth. We're very clear that as we look at the future we expect to be able to deliver growth for our shareholders and we'll have more to say about that when we give guidance for the next period.
Bob Bradway: Strategically, we'll continue to look and see if we can find products that fit well with the franchise that we're building, we'll continue to look for those.
Bob Bradway: Thanks, Jeff. It's obviously very premature for anybody to pretend like they know what the shape of the I mean, legislation will be. I don't think anybody has really seen any meaningful draft language. What we are aware of course, is that there's some tweeting and some back and forth between the house and the Senate, including moderates in both, suggesting that they're close in that they think they have a framework that they can align around.  So it will need to wait and see the details. And as you would expect, we will be focused on seeing whether what they're proposing leads to better access for patients to medicine and whether it does that while preserving the ecosystem that enables all of us to innovate the way we do and the way we think we need to for the country. Stay tuned, Geoff, again, it's very premature. I know you guys would love to have a picture that you could share with your investors and a picture that would make some sense, but I think anybody trying to draw one at this point is really doing it in the way of sculpting fog.
Bob Bradway: I just Matt, I'd like to observe that relative to the beginning of the year when we gave the original guidance, COVID impact has lingered longer than, I think we thought when we looked at this at the beginning of the year, in particular in terms of the face to face visits and the number of patient diagnosis inside doctor's offices. By now looking through the retrospective scope, it's pretty clear that the surge had an impact on the number of patients going to see the doctors and in turn, prescriptions being written.  So I don't think we're experiencing anything different from our peers, but at the start of the year we were hopeful that vaccines and other things might have made us or enabled us to be further along in saying goodbye to this pandemic than I think we are right now. But again, otherwise, business is performing well and consistent with where we hope to end of the year.
Bob Bradway: Yeah, thanks, Jay. In terms of the Phase 2 study, it has actually completed enrollment. Of course these patients have followed for some time. And as I noted in my remarks, we expect data in the middle of 2022. We're quite pleased with the long-term follow-up we've seen from the Phase 1 trial in terms of Olpasiran lowering and the preliminary safety profile of the molecule. That program is on track, or if anything a little ahead of schedule. As you know there is another molecule ahead of us. We have a slightly different mechanism. As a small interfering RNA we like the molecule quite a bit. This is a large population of patients. If you recall that about 50%
Bob Bradway: Let me thank all of you again for you -- for joining our call and we look forward to having opportunity to meet with you in the New Year when we report on the fourth quarter. We obviously have a lot of exciting things happening between now and then.  Again, starting we expect [Indiscernible] expanded label for Otezla to be followed by the launch label for Tezepelumab, and the beginnings of a number of new Phase III trial programs, as we indicated on the call. So, exciting time for us, look forward to a gathering with you in the New Year. Again, thanks for your support.
Murdo Gordon: Hi it's Murdo, thanks for the question. We are roughly at about 75% of early access programs or patients who were enrolled in clinical trials converting to commercial supply. The two major markets where that's happening the U.S. obviously and, and in France. Well, we've not been approved in Europe yet. We do have access to the ATU program in France where patients coming out of our early access program can roll into the ATU program where we're actually a booking revenue.
Murdo Gordon: Sure. Thanks, Chris. The first thing I would say is, Aimovig continues to be an important product to help patients suffering from migraine, and we continue to believe that there is a large population of migraine sufferers who have yet to be helped by the advent of the CGRP category.  Obviously as the market leaders in subcutaneous category of CGRP products, we have given up share to the orals as they've come into the market, but they've also expanded the market beyond the preventive setting and into the acute setting, and even the preventative setting has grown with the advent of the oral.  We expect that the market still has quite a bit of growth and headroom for growth. We expect to be able to continue to maintain our leadership share position in total prescriptions. We have over five years now of safety and efficacy data in the market. We continue now to have all of the U.S. commercial responsibility for Aimovig given recent work to consolidate what Novartis was previously contributing. So we've actually increased our neurology presence in the last few months.  And then the last piece that we're excited about is we are awaiting our head-to-head superiority data versus topiramate to be published and after which we'll be able to promote that to general neurologists, headache specialists, and even the many primary care physicians who are using Aimovig to help their patients who are chronic migraine sufferers. So a bit of headroom, you're right on the oral evolution taking some growth out and also a little bit of net price in the quarter taking some growth out as well.
Murdo Gordon: Yeah. Okay. Sure. So Repatha in the quarter is more a function of what we've been able to do since lowering the price in terms of increasing our penetration in the Medicare Part D population. So we've seen some really nice growth there. But what happens when you grow in Medicare Part D is you also grow in the number of patients that enter the donut hole. And that's what we're really seeing in Q3, and we expect that to continue in Q4.  The good news side of that equation is we're growing nicely in Medicare. We're seeing much less patient abandonment in Medicare. And that should be a compounding source of growth for us on a go-forward basis. But I would expect a pattern of Q3 and Q4, net price drag as a function of the Medicare Part D coverage gap, unless of course that changes in whatever is brewing in DC. But that's how it's happened right now. On Aimovig it's a little bit different.  It's just -- it's really the annualization of contracted business with PBMs in general. There has been fairly competitive activity there to maintain preferred formulary positions on national PBMs. And we don't have the same amount of volume growth on Aimovig, but we do expect that to be more stable going forward. So overall, I think our major price effects have stabilized and we're actually now seeing some good top-line volume dropped to the bottom.
Murdo Gordon: Of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease is not driven by LDL cholesterol and probably the majority of that is LP little a driven. So we believe there are many, many patients around the world that can be served by LP literally lowering agents. And so we're quite eager to see the full phase 2b data.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks Ronny. It's Murdo. So hypothetically speaking, should there be an out-of-pocket cap for patients in Part D introduced in some change in legislation, I think it would help in our portfolio. We've been advocates for changes to Part D in that regard for quite a while, where we do think that the out-of-pocket expenditures and the list price equation for co-pays for patients are disincentives to drug appearance and maybe even for initial fill.  So I think products like Repatha, where we are largely a Medicare Part D population could benefit from out-of-pocket caps. Now, it depend obviously what that travels with. Does it travel with more commitment from the manufacturer in the catastrophic phase where we pick up more of the top, so it needs to be equated with other things that could be in any proposed legislation?  But I hope that out-of-pocket caps come into play because I think patients who are in Part D are sometimes treated poorly, and are sub optimally treated because of that. And it would improve their affordability.  To the question on the AMGEVITA interchangeability study, we continue to feel very good about our opportunity with AMGEVITA being in that first wave and potentially alone in the first wave of biosimilars launches to Humira in the U.S., affords us an opportunity to work with payers, work with the PBMs, and with providers to establish a leadership position.  We look at every parameter of bio-similar products and this is experienced from AMGEVITA itself in Europe, but it's also experienced from our other bio-similar portfolio. In the U.S. and we look at things like latex, Reese citrate free. We look at needle gauge, we look at device, and of course we look at interchangeability. So while we don't think it's essential, we think it's just another attribute of the product that could augment our success in that launch in 2023. So that's really why we've initiated the trial running.
Murdo Gordon: Yeah, more of a commercial question. We obviously don't provide product level revenue guidance, but I'll say this: I've worked on oncology for many years now, and I've been a part of some important lung cancer product launches. And this launch, after 40 years of trying to solve the KRAS G12C conundrum in lung cancer, this launch has been very special and the team has done an excellent job of executing across the payer customers, our provider customers, and of course, for patients and I was very proud of what our R&D organization was able to do in the speed at which they brought this product to market.  And I feel that the medical and commercial organizations have taken the customer-facing stage and the go-to-market stage of this launch extremely seriously and with a lot of responsibility, and so far, it's early days, but so far they've done very, very well. And so I'm pleased with the trajectory.  What we're seeing is many academic centers are changing their testing protocols in lung cancer so that everybody knows if their KRAS G12C status. Many large community oncology networks have done the same. Now we still have a few large community oncology networks to go. So we will be working on those in the fourth quarter. But I couldn't be more pleased with the way in which we've entered the market. And I think that bodes well for our ability to establish a strong leadership position and help many, many patients who are unfortunately progressing from first-lane into second-lane disease before competitors come in.  It's hugely rewarding to launch a product like this where you hear stories of patients who have been told that their options are limited and that they should sign up for hospice care coming at a hospice and getting treated with LUMAKRAS with commercial drugs and responding. And the drug is working well in the marketplace.  We're hearing those anecdotal stories coming back from prescribers and we will continue to do everything within our power to continue to launch LUMAKRAS quickly around the world and help many, many more patients.
Murdo Gordon: Well, not to belabor the point, but again, I worked in the oncology field for a number of years and what I've seen since coming to Amgen is real strength in the legacy of Amgen, which is of course the supportive care products that we have. We've augmented that recently with the launch of our biosimilar portfolio and then most recently of course with the launch of LUMAKRAS.  And when I sit down with CEOs of cancer networks or academic cancer centers, they are very interested in talking to Amgen and they are also interested in talking to us about the very rich pipeline of products that Dave Reese and his R&D colleagues are developing. So I think we're very much a leader in oncology. I think that our commercial position with innovative.  Products and biosimilars and launches of new therapeutics put us in a very strong account position. And I think in a world where a lot of care is delivered in community oncology, our relationships there are extremely strong.  I've been able to make some customer visits this year despite some of the interruptions of the pandemic and most of my visits have been in support of the LUMAKRAS launch, and I can tell you they have been very, very good at working with us to develop testing programs, look back programs, entering flags and EMRs, making sure patients are flagged for treatment.  And it's those systems and those processes that being first on the ground, we should be able to build and sustain. Longer-term, of course, it will be the continuation of being first with indications and being broad in the development of the asset and then supporting it with additional products in lung cancer that Dave is developing in our pipeline.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thank you, Gavin. When we acquired Otezla, I thought it would be a really good adds to the portfolio and our strength in immunology both with dermatology and with rheumatology. And obviously we had to make a certain set of assumptions about how that product would evolve in our ownership. And so far I have to say I'm even more pleased with the strength that the product brings to Amgen.  We've been successful as you highlight in demonstrating the product's efficacy and safety in the mild-to-moderate patient setting, which is a perfect sweet spot for this product, given the convenience of its oral dosing, given the well demonstrated safety and efficacy of the product. We also recently had a decision on the patent for Otezla, which definitely helps make a very strategic product for us, a very important product for the growth of the Company.  And the fit is just perfect. We have integrated the legacy Celgene team fully into Amgen. We've got both ENBREL and Otezla now being promoted in rheumatology and dermatology. And we've seen volume growth improve and most markedly in the last part of Q3, but that continue into Q4.  We didn't plan on a pandemic when we did the transaction obviously, but we've weathered it well, the team has sustained focus and we are well-prepared for the mild-to-moderate launch. We are anticipating a decision on that soon from the FDA. We have the resources available, we have the teams trained, and we have an increased footprint in dermatology in anticipation of the approval.  And we expect to ability to execute very effectively. We also have very, very strong payer coverage here and we think that the majority of these mild-to-moderate patients, and we're targeting a specific subset. We're targeting those patients that have larger body surface area or very difficult to treat areas with topical. That's about a 1.5 million patient population. It's a large opportunity, but we think that the profile of the product, the price point of the product versus biologics puts us in a very, very strong position to treat these patients. The other thing I would add that we expect to benefit from somewhat more so in the PsA area versus psoriasis, but the safety concerns of the JAKs right now, quite frankly, are helping Otezla and the overall perception of our safety and our efficacy. And I think that might bond well for future competition that's currently in the process I guess of being filed with the FDA.
David Reese: Thanks, Umer, this is Dave. As you mentioned, of course there are multiple competitors coming behind LUMAKRAS. We feel very good about our position. I've not seen anything to tell us we don't have a really outstanding molecule, and many of those are very early, just starting dose escalation. I think it's premature to speculate on potential differentiated mechanism of action or these sorts of things. We also have a very broad-based global program.  As we mentioned, we're now under regulatory review, I think at last count it's now in over 15 jurisdictions or countries including EMEA and Japan where reviews are progressing and those are of course 2 very large markets. So I feel very good about where we are. We've got a large combination therapy program. There’s a lot to learn yet, it took 40 years to get into the clinic and we're sorting out a lot of biology. But I feel very good about the molecule we've got and where we are.
David Reese: Oh sorry. Thanks for the reminder. In terms of -- we are interested in other targets, as many of you know, there are 7 or 8, and specific KRAS mutations that are now potentially attractable although they are different on a structural basis and each one possess distinct challenges. We do have some work ongoing and as that progresses, we will say more about that publicly.
David Reese: Yes. Thanks Gabe [ph]. The -- in terms of the what I would say broadly the checkpoint inhibitor combination data, we do expect to have a fulsome enough dataset when we have everything together and present at some point in the first half of next year to I think give good insights to the field about what these combinations look like.  In terms of the various SHP2 inhibitors for which we're pursuing combinations. There are some biochemical differences between those drugs. And I think it's well worth our while given the potential importance and the mechanistic rationale of SHP2 as a combination target for us to examine those various molecules, and so we're pressing forward on all fronts. Thank you.
David Reese: Great. Thanks, Robyn. In terms of tool kits, we could obviously talk probably for hours about the tool kits that we've got in discovery, research, and our clinical trials. Let me focus on just a couple of things for the purposes of this discussion, we are building what I think is an industry leading capability and what I call human data. Which means the collection, integration, and interrogation of data ranging from various omic data? Genomic data, transcriptome data, proteomic data, through clinical trials data, through real-world evidence in real-world data. And it's one of our core belief that the coming few decades will be one by those who understand how to make use of, and in particular analyze for giant tsunami of data that is now starting to wash over us. Now that data of course generates drug targets and pathways. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are building extensive capabilities for the development of multi-specific molecules. Either small molecules, large molecules, or hybrid molecules. About 80% to 85% of the currently validated targets are currently not approachable with existing technologies.  And we are building the capability to go after what I think will be a good fraction of those undruggable target. So I feel great about the platforms that we've gotten [Indiscernible] and am continuing to build on a lot more on this over the next year or 2.
David Reese: Thanks, Carter. Eosinophil like esophagitis or EOE, as it's called in the field is an increasingly diagnosed condition. Patients with heartburn now who typically would've been diagnosed with Reflux over the previous decade, a fair number of those are now recognized to have [Indiscernible], given the mechanism of action of Tezepelumab, given what we've seen in some of our biomarker and tissue acquisition off studies in asthma, based on eosinophil depletion in target tissue.  This makes a lot of sense, and that is why with our partners, we are carrying this forward into Phase 3 based on the Phase 1 data that we have generated. So I think the evidence package across the molecule here that supports that.
David Reese: Thanks for the question. The FDA has Jim been generally clear that in the first-line setting, randomized data are required. We are, as I indicated, conducting a trial in patients with STK11 and/or PD-L1 negative or low tumors where checkpoint inhibitors are not particularly effective. When we have those phase II data available, Of course, if we saw interesting data, we would have the appropriate discussions with regulators. But I think the general expectation is that barring significant results, 1, we'll expect randomized trials in front line lung cancer.
