David Reese: Thank you, Vikram. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by welcoming our new colleagues from Horizon. We are excited to be integrating Horizon's R&D capabilities with Amgen's to advance the promising Horizon pipeline. For R&D, the third quarter was one of high quality execution as we progressed our innovative pipeline with important oncology data readouts, the addition of two breakthrough therapy designations and completion of enrollment on key studies. We also advanced our innovative pipeline through rapid enrollment on multiple registration enabling studies. Starting with general medicine, we have completed enrollment in the Phase 2 study of maridebart cafraglutide in patients with obesity with or without diabetes. The goal of this study is to generate data that will provide optionality to design a broad Phase 3 program, leveraging the unique properties of maridebart cafraglutide that could potentially allow us to take a differentiated approach. We anticipate top-line data from this 52-week study towards the end of 2024. The Phase 3 outcomes study of Olpasiran are potentially best-in-class Lp(a) targeting small interfering RNA molecule in atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease is enrolling very well. In inflammation, beyond severe asthma, we are investigating additional indications with Tezspire, including separate Phase 3 studies in chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps, which is fully enrolled and eosinophilic esophagitis. We also have a Phase 2 study in COPD that has been fully enrolled with top-line data anticipated in the first half of 2024. This study has recruited a broad population of COPD patients, including patients with both high and low eosinophil counts. Rocatinlimab, a first-in-class anti-OX40 monoclonal antibody being investigated in patients with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis, recruitment is off to a strong start on the ROCKET Phase 3 clinical development program. We have now randomized over 1,500 patients across the program. We are excited to present additional data from our expanded rheumatology portfolio following the acquisition of Horizon, including data from a Phase 2 study of dazodalibep in Sjogren's Syndrome, along with data from KRYSTEXXA, Tavneos, Otezla and other molecules from our broad portfolio at the American College of Rheumatology Convergence 2023 Meeting in November. I'll be brief with my remarks on our oncology portfolio, given the detailed oncology review last week. Based on the E1910 Phase 3 study, the FDA has granted BLINCYTO Breakthrough Therapy designation for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with CD19-positive Philadelphia chromosome-negative B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia during the consolidation phase of multiphase therapy. We see future growth in BLINCYTO from advancements into earlier lines of therapy and subcutaneous administration. BLINCYTO also serves as a blueprint for how we plan to rapidly progress tarlatamab and Xaluritamig into earlier lines of therapy [indiscernible] setting a lower tumor burden. Along with experts in the field, we are very encouraged by tarlatamab, our BiTE molecule, targeting DLL3. At ESMO, we presented data from DeLLphi-301, a Phase 2 study in late-stage small-cell lung cancer, where we saw impressive response rates, durability of response, and overall survival in a setting where patients typically have limited options and a very poor prognosis. We are submitting these data to the FDA and are pleased that the FDA has granted tarlatamab Breakthrough Therapy designation for the treatment of adult patients with extensive-stage small-cell lung cancer with disease progression on or after platinum-based chemotherapy. Given our confidence in these data, we are rapidly advancing tarlatamab into earlier lines of treatment with multiple Phase 3 studies underway or planned. Based on emerging clinical data, we are discontinuing PSMA-targeting bispecific AMG 340, and we will focus our efforts on rapidly advancing Xaluritamig in metastatic castrate-resistant prostate cancer. We expect Xaluritamig dose expansion cohorts to be fully enrolled by the end of the year, and are planning to initiate additional studies in patients with earlier-stage prostate cancer. With AMG 193, a small molecule MTA-cooperative PRMT5 inhibitor, we are encouraged by the responses we've seen across six MTAP-null solid tumors, the manageable safety profile and preclinical evidence of CNS penetrants. We are now rapidly enrolling dose expansion cohorts. And with that, I'll turn things over to Peter for the financial update.
David Reese: Yeah. Sure. As we've discussed before, Mike, with 133, we believe we have a potentially differentiated product based on the mechanism of action, it's a bi-functional to remind everyone, that antagonizes GIPR based on a genetic evidence, largely compiled by us, with two GLP-1 peptides stapled to the molecule for that mechanism of action. As I noted in the remarks, we've rapidly enrolled the Phase 2 trial. There are multiple arms to this trial that explore three different doses as well as different dosing intervals that I think will give us broad optionality going forward. We were quite pleased with the Phase 1 data in terms of depth of response, the kinetics of response, as well as persistence, and these are the things that we will be looking at in Phase 2 as we go forward. So it's full steam ahead on this program. And we're looking forward to data from the Phase 2 trial next year which will really inform the breadth of the Phase 3 trial that we're contemplating, which could be quite large. In terms of AMG 186 -- or 786, this is an orthogonal mechanism of action. We're bringing in data. And as we've indicated, after, you know, the first half of next year or so, we anticipate presenting those data in determining the path forward. As you note, it's a high bar in this field and we'd have to see the sort of profile that would, give us the confidence to invest broadly in a molecule like that. I would also note, we've got a suite of preclinical molecules, many of them non-incretin based in terms of mechanisms of action that we will be bringing forward over the next few years. So this is an area where we expect it to be a long-term player. Thanks.
David Reese: Yeah. Thanks, Jay. This is an area where we're very excited. You know, I'd like to characterize it as the hinge moment where we're seeing the coming together or the unification of technology and biotechnology. I really think this is going to affect over time a qualitative change in how we do drug discovery and drug development. So everything from protein structure prediction, protein-protein interaction, prediction at the molecular level, to multiomic analysis on extraordinarily large datasets which can -- which is only tractable through AI or machine learning, dense clinical trials data and then real-world evidence and real-world data. When you look across that spectrum, I believe we probably have the largest datasets in the industry. And so we are putting the tools in place and the foundation or models to really mine those data for deeper insights in the biology and then all the way out into the market. We'll talk about this more over time. But this is going to be an area of investment and it can be overhyped. It's not a panacea, but it is absolutely going to be the most powerful tool we've seen in a long, long time.
David Reese: Yeah. Thanks. On the latter, I wouldn't overthink that at all. I don't think there's anything there. In terms of the dosing that we do, this is always adjusted as we move through Phase 1 trials. As I've indicated, we're bringing in the data now, we're taking a look at that. And the constellation of clinical data -- updated preclinical data, and I think we'll have that all together as we go into next year and that will determine the potential path forward for AMG 786. And just to remind everyone, this is a target that is not an incretin-based target.
David Reese: Yeah. Thanks, David. Dave Reese, I'll start and then turn things over to Murdo, and Vikram. In terms of oral obesity molecule 786, as I've said, it has a novel mechanism of action, it's a Phase 1 molecule. So you should view it as a Phase 1 molecule. And we're bringing in the data I said, and we'll take a look at that as we get into the new year and make a determination on potential path forward for that molecule. I wouldn't view it as anything more or less than a Phase 1 asset with a novel mechanism of action. In terms of additional molecules and when we might file INDs and launch our first in human trials, we'll give guidance as that portfolio advances over time. Again, many of those molecules are targets that we emanated from deCODE Genetics, our colleagues in Iceland. And I'll provide further information as we get ready to move towards the clinic. But this is playing a long game. If you step back, look, this field is in its infancy. We are just beginning to understand the complex metabolic arrangements that occur with obesity and there are clearly different forms of obesity. There's a lot of work to do. And as I've indicated, our intent here is to play the long game given that this is one of the major public health challenges of the 21st Century. So let me now hand it over to Vikram and Murdo for additional commentary on your second question.
David Reese: I mean, I think, the broader context here is important. These patients have severe uncontrolled gout. They are often facing amputations, for example, because of the severity of the disease. And so there are large number of these patients that are currently not being served in the market in clinical practice. And so our focus is on reaching those patients where the quality-of-life impediments are quite significant, and the effects of the drug can be quite dramatic in improving the disease course and improving that sort of quality of life. So that's the focus right now. I wouldn't get distracted by some of the other potential associations.
David Reese: Yeah. I mean, as we go through '24, we will give guidance on when we expect, you know, the Phase 3 program to launch. You know, as is customary in these programs, we will take an interim look. That will remain blinded, we will not release that externally, because this is a 52-week study, but that will help at least guide our thinking. Also recall that the FDA requires a certain safety database before you launch Phase 3 trials here. And so as we get into next year and start to have those conversations, we will be able to give more definitive guidance as to when you can expect the launch of the Phase 3 program and what that suite of studies might look like.
Vikram Karnani: Yeah. Thanks for the question. I think as I said in my prepared remarks, we have a lot of positive leading indicators as we look at the business. I'll start with Tepezza. We're continuing to build that U.S. TED market following the FDA's April 2023 label updates. And that really helps us get the medicine to TED patients regardless of disease activity or duration. And what we've seen following that label update is that the payers are continuing to update their medical policies and make them more favorable so that more of these patients, more in the low CAS setting or the low Clinical Activity Score setting can now access Tepezza. And I think, finally, from an execution standpoint, we see newer prescribers from both ophthalmologists, as well as endocrinologists increasing 50% year-over-year in this third quarter. So all of these indicators for Tepezza are positive and we feel good about the execution of the team. And as I said, we have now combined forces with Amgen and together we should be able to drive business in a positive way moving forward. Think -- talking about -- the story around Tepezza also is one of international growth. While we see a lot of positive trends in the U.S., we're pretty excited about what we can do as a combined company for patients outside the U.S. as well. We've talked about Brazil getting approval recently. We've got [indiscernible] OPTIC-J as our trial in Japan. We've talked about the chronic trial that's enrolling. And finally, we're getting ready for other markets and we hope to bring the medicines to many more markets now as part of the combined company than we were talking about previously. So Tepezza, both signs very positive in the US as well as globally. And as we've talked about the results for KRYSTEXXA and UPLIZNA, both those medicines performed really, really well. We have immunomodulation with KRYSTEXXA being a major driver since the label update last year. That has continued to drive uptake since that time. We see that continuing into the future. And with UPLIZNA, it is the fastest-growing biologics in neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorders or NMOSD, and we see that momentum continue both in the U.S. as well as outside the U.S. So I think when I look at the overall portfolio we have, we're operating from a position of strength and now we can expand that even further with the combination with Amgen.
Vikram Karnani: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Like I said earlier, the -- I think one of the areas that has -- something that happened this year was the FDA update. Now when the label updates to patients that are treated regardless of disease activity or duration, many of these patients, in fact, I would say more of these patients are being treated by prescribers, such as endocrinologists and ophthalmologists. And that's what the team has been focused on working through, making sure that our educational program is available to these physicians, so that we can widen our prescriber base from the original set of prescribers that started treating patients at launch. So it's really important to understand that expanding the prescriber base is a critical driver for that success going forward. And as we've seen new prescribers have increased 50% year-over-year. As we continue to work through these new -- this low CAS or low clinical activity patients, we also have to remember that when they are prescribed the medicine, payers need to open up access to the medicine. So our market access team has been working pretty diligently to make sure that payers continue to update their medical policies. And what we have seen is more than 30% of U.S. covered lives are now eligible patients that can access Tepezza with more open or more favorable policies. This has to continue and both of these are areas that we will continue to work on as we go into early next year and beyond. And maybe I'll turn it over to Murdo to add his comments as well.
Vikram Karnani: Well, Colin, you rightly point out that this is an antibody backbone. The properties of that, obviously, as I was alluding to earlier, could be that you can dose it much less frequently than you have to with the current therapies on the market. We also think, given the potential differentiation on efficacy and possibly tolerability, that we will be able to establish a very strong position in the market for people who need rapid, deep, and sustained weight-loss that they can manage over time, so that they can gain the benefits, the reduction in cardiovascular risk, the improvement in outcomes from that treatment. But we expect, as Dave said, to develop this product across a suite of Phase 3 experiments, and we expect to be able to take a decent share of the market, which will drive a good return on our investment in that product.
Murdo Gordon: Yes. Thanks, Vikram. Hi, Robyn. I would add, much the same way when we acquired ChemoCentryx and Tavneos, we realized that there was a low level of awareness of Tavneos. What we did there was we added reminder messaging to some of our broader rheumatology-covered sales forces to increase awareness of the data associated with Tavneos in ANCA-associated vasculitis patients. We've seen a corresponding increase in utilization, of course, driven by awareness of that product. So the core team is still promoting the attributes of the product and educating physicians, but there is a broader group of field personnel building general awareness of that product. What I think Vikram and I are talking about is the Amgen teams that cover endocrinologists were involved in the diagnosing and treatment of Thyroid Eye Disease, would be an ideal opportunity for us to broaden the awareness amongst that community of endocrinologists who are diagnosing and treating thyroid eye disease today to augment the great work that is happening with the rare disease teams under Vikram's leadership. So there's a number of things like that where we can scale and speed up the building of awareness, for example, of the new data that Vikram was just describing and the broadening of the label language. Vikram also mentioned the international expansion. The original plan was quite ambitious for Horizon. We've actually increased the number of markets that we intend to file and launch in, in a shorter period of time. So that would be an additional opportunity for growth given the strength of the two companies now combined.
Murdo Gordon: Yeah, David. I just want to make sure that I heard your question right, it was about inventory and product wind-down. Look, I don't think we are going to comment on that specific aspect. I think the -- our team remains focused on driving demand and working with physicians to educate them and expanding the use of Tepezza for appropriate patients and that's where we're really focused too as a primary driver of net sales growth.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks for the question, Chris. This is Murdo. So let's just recapitulate what's happening in this market. At the beginning of the year, you had a number of new launches, not just SOTYKTU, with novel topicals coming into the market as well as a novel oral and every one of those products had very generous free drug programs and that had two effects on Otezla. There were topical patients who would have normally moved to their first systemic option who tried the new topical treatments on a free drug basis. And at the same time, there was a launch of a new oral that had a very generous free drug program. And so, Otezla, which sources the majority of its growth from topical patients for systemic, in other words, biologic naive patients. Otezla got squeezed in the first and second quarter on the basis of those new programs coming into the market. What we've seen since those two events in the market is that the novel topicals have flattened out in their growth and have pulled back to some extent on their free drug offering. The other oral therapy SOTYKTU continues to provide free drug, and so continues to have some effect on Otezla. What we think will happen and we're already seeing the very early signals of this is that we will continue to source our new growth from the topical patients, bio-naive patients. Given that Otezla is the ideal for a systemic agent, we have established ourselves with really strong access in the market. So we don't need to provide free drug programs to the extent that everybody else is. And then as the contracting cycle for 2024 matures and we see what the actual access is for some of the other competitors in the market, including the new oral, we should be able to give better guidance on our growth prospects for the future. But we almost certainly expect the impact of the free goods program to continue to reduce and that will help us grow Otezla. The investments we've made are really just kicking in this quarter. So the expansion in the field force, and your number was right, by 20%, the derm team was just deployed at the beginning of Q4. So they are only in-field as of a few weeks. So that impact is not in the historical performance of the brand. And our direct-to-consumer spend has been increased for the fourth quarter as well. So we will be able to tell you more as we go forward, but we feel given the very large number of patients here who continue to persist on topicals, when they really are better candidates for a systemic agent, will convert to Otezla as we build into that market. And just a reminder, we're the only product in the market that has a broad label regardless of severity of psoriasis. So we're optimistic and we're enthusiastic and that's why we've made these investments and we'll continue to look to add to our dermatology portfolio as we go forward.
Murdo Gordon: Yeah. Thanks, Bob. I like the way the question was framed. It sometimes gets framed as, what are you going to do when the -- with these entrenched products in the market. And I'd just like [Technical Difficulty] people how young this market is and how much more is left to unfold. What we're seeing in the early days is, we're seeing a lot of patients trying these products, losing weight, but then not persisting with their treatment and regaining weight. So we think that there is an opportunity in the market long term for a product that can bring about very strong weight loss, both rapid and sustained over time with convenient dosing. And I think that that's where 133 or maridebart cafraglutide really has an opportunity to differentiate itself from what is available in the market today. We've seen the durability of that product between doses, and we think based on the Phase 2 in a number of different dosing cohorts we have being explored in that trial, we will be able to find the right balance of efficacy and the ability, based on convenient dosing to sustain that weight-loss over time. And, of course, the goal here is not just to lose weight, but to improve a number of sequelae or outcomes from people who carry extra weight over the course of their life, and that's what we're starting to see with others reading out in event trials. We will see more data as the medical congress has passed these next few months. But our hope is to bring about real improvement in outcomes with a highly efficacious and highly convenient product, like 133.
Murdo Gordon: Thanks for the question, Geoff. Yes, it's been a bit of a journey. And the COVID pandemic didn't help us in our efforts to educate and convince cardiologists that they needed to do more to be more aggressive in treating their patients; LDL, cholesterol. I do think we've reached a tipping point in cardiology and I do think we've reached a tipping point with payers. We now have over 90% commercial lives covered. We anticipate being able to continue to progress our Medicare Part-D coverage, and we're seeing, you know, the PCSK9 category driven primarily by our 80% share of that category. Really, really starting to move now. Our new patient volume growth is good, not just in the US, but around the world. We are now seeing more and more primary care physicians using PCSK9s in combination with other drugs to more aggressively lower LDL in high-risk ASCVD patients. So the phases are pretty clear, payer coverage established, affordability for patients established, cardiologists are now prescribing with frequency and now moving into primary care. And we'll be adding direct-to-consumer campaign investment to that mix. So, yeah, I think we've reached a tipping point on Repatha Geoff and I'm bullish on what we can do to further expand that product, both from a volume and net sales perspective.
Robert Bradway: Might just add also, Robyn, that in terms of the time course of events here, I think now that we flip back on a year of ownership of ChemoCentryx, we can really start to see the benefit of what Murdo just described kicking in, over the last few weeks and months. So it takes a little bit of while, but I think our confidence is that over that period of time, we've been able to find ways that we can add distinctive value to that product and we're hoping a similar thing will happen with respect to the new rare disease molecules that we brought on board. So it's not like walk in, flip a light switch and suddenly things are performing on a different track, but rather you come in, work together, identify the ways in which we can be additive in the marketplace. And I'm hopeful that we'll see during the course of '24, the momentum build for the combined organization on these products.
Robert Bradway: Yeah, Mohit. I don't think every product is down. I think we had a number of products posting pretty significant double-digit growth in the quarter. And those are products that we continue to expect long-term growth from products like Repatha, EVENITY, Prolia, our hemo portfolio, BLINCYTO in particular. So, we're seeing some strength in our priority growth brands that we expect to continue to drive. What we did have in the quarter were a number of adjustments from prior period on net sales. So there was one particular adjustment on LUMAKRAS, which was based on a year-over-year change in the negotiations that we have on reimbursement. So in France, for example, we have an early temporary access program, and ATU program. Since 2021 LUMAKRAS has been available in France and we took a $22 million accrual in the quarter for those sales on the basis of price negotiations we are having in France. So we had a number of events like that related to price in the quarter. And as you mentioned, we are entering the donut hole for some of our products. So overall, I think unit volume growth is very strong. A few price effects on select products in the portfolio and a little bit of donut hole impact.
Robert Bradway: Now, we're very excited about what we see so far emerging from our early work in obesity. I think over time you've got the sense of this from Dave Reese. This is likely to be a heterogeneous disease, they're probably going to be a number of different ways to have to go at it. But what encourages us right now is, what we think as an emerging differentiated profile for our approach versus the competition. And maybe, Murdo, you want to just jump in and remind Gregory about the basis of differentiation that we see so far in our data from the competition and why we think that gives us a good foothold for entering the markets.
Robert Bradway: Well, we're not going to give updated margin guidance on this call, Chris, but I think we've been pretty clear about what the trail should look like. We're focused on remaining a leading efficient player in our industry. We've been able to achieve leading operating margins over time. There is nothing that we see in the Horizon business specifically that would lead us to conclude differently from that. So we expect that at a full run rate, capitalizing on our in-place infrastructure internationally and manufacturing and process development that the margins in that business would be attractive in our hands. And the reference that Peter made to R&D spend earlier, obviously, to the extent that we get into a number of Phase 3 trials in the middle years here of the decade for Lp(a) and for obesity products, that may have an effect on overall margins, but we'll have plenty of time to talk about that in advance so that nobody is surprised if the margin starts moving around. So again, we've demonstrated a pretty consistent ability to manage the cost structure of the business and that's something that we're determined to maintain.
Robert Bradway: Maybe we'll take this in two-parts. First, with respect to KRYSTEXXA, I'd say KRYSTEXXA is performing very well and we believed it would. Again, we think there is a tremendously large unmet medical need here and that KRYSTEXXA with methotrexate is serving the marketplace well. So we're looking forward to working with our colleagues on it. And overall, I'd say that the business is proceeding as we thought it would to this point. The things that we were -- that we thought were important to have in hand, like the chronic indication for Tepezza, like, international datasets that were made available with the OPTIC-J trial, like the progress we've made in Brazil, et cetera. Those were things that we wanted to have in hand and now do. And, again, UPLIZNA also performing very much in line as we expected it would. So we see three growth opportunities there and we see ways for the Amgen-based business to add value to what Vikram will be running now in our rare business area. And then, with respect to the question on diabetes, I’ll ask Dave, [Multiple Speakers]
Robert Bradway: Now, operator, I think we have two more calls in the log here. So why don't we take two more and then we'll thank our colleagues and let them get on with the day.
Robert Bradway: Okay. Well, let me thank all of you for joining us this morning. And we hope that the choice of doing this in the morning frees you up to go enjoy the afternoon and evening of trick-or-treating wherever you are. But we again, appreciate your support. It's been an eventful few months at Amgen. And we'll look forward to having an opportunity to regather with you and report on the fourth quarter when we get to the new year. Many thanks.
