David Meline: Okay, thanks, Bob. Turning to the first quarter on Page 5 of the slide deck, revenues at $5 billion grew 11% year-over-year with 12% product sales growth driven by continued momentum across our product portfolio. Total revenue in product sales were impacted 2% unfavorably due to foreign exchange headwinds. Adjusted operating income at $2.4 billion grew 32% from prior year. Adjusted operating margin improved to 50% for the quarter, reflecting strong growth and continued progress from our transformation initiative. On an adjusted basis, the cost of sales margin at 15.1% improved by 0.6 points driven by lower royalties and higher average net sales price offset partially by product mix. Research and development expenses at approximately $850 million, were down 14% versus the prior year. R&D spend was favorably impacted by the transformation and process improvements across the area. SG&A expenses were flat on a year-on-year basis, as increased commercial investments in new product launches were enabled by savings from transformation and process improvement efforts. Total operating expenses declined 3% year-on-year and 22% sequentially. This performance reflects the combination of the first quarter being typically the lowest expense level during the calendar year, plus a share of the $400 million of incremental savings expected during 2015 from our transformation initiative. Going forward, we expect quarterly expenses to increase in line to modestly above historical trends, reflecting increasing launch and R&D investments through the balance of 2015. Other income and expenses improved 9% on a year-over-year basis at a $146 million in the quarter. The adjusted tax rate was 17% for the quarter, a 1.6 point increase versus Q1 of 2014. This increase was primarily due to the unfavorable tax impact of changes in the geographic mix of earnings, partially offset by a state audit settlement in the quarter. As a result, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share increased 33% on a year-over-year basis. Turning next to cash flow in the balance sheet on Page 6. For the first quarter, we generated $1.2 billion of free cash flow, an increase of $0.2 billion over the prior year. This increase was primarily driven by a higher sales and profitability. Total debt outstanding ended Q1 at $30.3 billion and cash and investments totaled $27.1 billion. Additionally our first quarter 2015 dividend increased to $0.79 per share, an increase of 30% versus the prior period. Finally in the first quarter of 2015, we increased our share repurchase activity with over $450 million of share repurchases or approximately 3 million shares in the period. We intend to continue repurchases at a stepped up level in 2015 consistent with the commitment to complete up to 2 billion of repurchases by the end of the year. Turning to the outlook for the business for the remainder of 2015 on Page 7, we remain on track with our plans to continue supporting growth of the business, while transforming to a more agile and efficient operating model. With regard to our updated outlook for 2015 revenue we are raising the bottom-end of the range resulting in a revised guidance of $20.9 billion to $21.3 billion for 2015. This reflects solid revenue performance in the first quarter partially offset by the effects of foreign currency headwinds, which will exceed $200 million for 2015 at current rates versus our original planning framework, versus 2014 results we expect over a $300 million revenue impact or 2% in 2015 at current foreign exchange rates. Our revenue guidance also reflects progress on our product launch activities as well as our latest view of evolving competitive dynamics. We are also increasing our 2015 earnings per share outlook to $9.35 to $9.65 from the previous $9.05 to $9.40 forecast. The increased earnings outlook reflects continued conviction in our strategy and strong first quarter performance along with an incremental expected headwind of $0.05 per share from foreign exchange, versus 2014 results we expect to $0.12 EPS impact in 2015 at current foreign exchange rates. We would also expect our quarterly tax rate to increase throughout the balance of the year to be more in line with our guidance range of 18% to 19%, which has a remainder, excludes the benefit of the Federal R&D tax credit in 2015. Finally, we continue to expect capital expenditures of approximately $800 million this year. This concludes the financial update I will now turn the call over to Tony.
David Meline: Yes, so first of all in Q1 as we said we are really encouraged by the performance in the business which was obviously a combination of solid top line growth, as well as the fact that we had very good expense management in the quarter. If you frame that as to how that evolves through the year then what I would say is a couple of things, one is we’d indicated previously that we expect this year our transformation to deliver about $400 million of incremental savings. And certainly we saw a share of proportionate share of that already land here in Q1. And those savings will continue pretty steadily through the year. The second dynamic on cost then is around the cost trends in particular if I look at SG&A and the sales and marketing area, as well as R&D, we do expect to see raising costs which is a combination of the fact that we inevitably, normally for the business of the first quarter is the low point for expenses overall for the year, but I think importantly for us right now we do have these launches that are coming up we do expect to underwrite those launches significantly with this transformation savings and we do expect the trend of spending to increase through the year. So I think you basically framed it correctly as to how we are thinking about this evolving in the year.
David Meline: Yes. Of course it’s very hard to predict what regulators will decide to do there I think it is possible to write an indication which speaks to patients who are not adequately treated with respect to their LDL cholesterol response with stands or intolerant to stands so if you look at lot of the recent labeling indications that have been used by the agency they have this sort of the structure and that’s kind of in my mind the base case what you’d expect to hope to get in the various jurisdictions that we’re going to be negotiating the labels. But it’s really hard to predict exactly where the language will like.
David Meline: Okay. So the first question which implies that the package is less than perfect I think it’s probably true, yes, that’s true almost everything we do. And I think that in this case it’s clear that the population that we’re studied in the Phase 3 trial included a fairly broad range of patients with local regional and metastatic melanoma disease. And I think if you’ve seen the data that we’ve presented in various scientific forums, the responded durable response rates and the subgroup analysis looking at survival for that matter how the biggest impact in the earlier stages of the disease. So it is possible that’s where the conversation would go and the advisory committee and with FDA but at this point we do have a positive trial for the whole population that we studied and so that’s the logical place to start the conversation. And then with respect to the checkpoint inhibitor all we would be doing at the advisory committee meeting would be to have a slide that will indicate of course the various studies that are going on and going with the product that include the ones I’ve referenced in my prepared remarks as well as certainly being in the capable of presenting the pubically available data with the evolocumab combination the Phase 1b data that we presented previously at scientific forum.
David Meline: Yes, so in terms of the cost savings what I would fist say is that if you look at the savings we expect this year as well as through the whole program as we’ve said before that those are savings that are being accrued across all of the areas of cost, so it’s not concentrated in one versus the other. And secondly if you look at the particular pattern of savings in the first quarter what you can observe as I mention is that. And as we’ve talked before we are investing freeing up flexibility to invest in our launch portfolio. So you can expect that a substantial share of what we save in SG&A will be reinvested towards the launches and then I think the third thing I’d commented as to R&D that was a combination in the quarter of R&D tends to be rather lumping in terms of the spend. So you saw a combination of savings and that we are getting from our transformation in the quarter as well as some of the inevitable lumpiness that occurs from quarter-to-quarter in that area. So I think bottom line is that we expect going forward through the year to see rising costs which you typically see in the pattern through the year. But see it a little more accentuated as a combination of rising cost with launch activities as well as in the case of R&D we still are continuing to invest in clinical trials and we will see some increases there. And then as to the, if I may one final comment R versus D, and basically as we have talked before we’ve done work to look at all of the processes across all of our business activities and so we are seeing efficiencies in both of those areas broadly.
David Meline: Yes, so the studies that are being done with Romosozumab versus Forteo are all designed to look at BMD and as you’ve seen probably the data that I presented at the business review shows that in fact those differences are quite substantial but of course we’re also looking at the quality of bone. And in particular the cortical bone thickness which we’ve also looking at using fairly advanced imaging technologies there is no plan for us to do comparative fracture studies against teriparatide at this time.
David Meline: Why don’t I start in terms we can follow-up I think with respect to the CLARION study which of course is the head-to-head study against allocate in the first line setting. We feel that study has been significantly de-risked by seeing the ASPIRE data and the ENDEAVOR data. Now the extent which you’ve been read through results from ENDEAVOR to CLARION is something you know people sit around and debate but certainly we feel good about the likelihood that we’ll see a favorable result from the trial. And Tony, you want to respond to it.
Bob Bradway: Okay, thanks Sean. Before we move to Q&A, let me just repeat that we’re focused on executing against the strategy for long-term growth that we laid out during our business review meeting last October. We’re successfully executing on our new product launches. We’re now continuing to grow key products such as Enbrel, Prolia, XGEVA, Vectibix, Sensipar and Nplate. Of course, we continue to advance our robust pipeline as you’ve just heard from Sean and our transformation efforts are delivering efficiencies in cost savings, which we’ll capturing across the company. This quarter’s results proved to us that we’re delivering progress against our long-term objectives. And with that, we would like to take your questions. Bryan, do you to remind our callers of the procedures for the Q&A.
Bob Bradway: Geoff, we’re excited about launching Repatha and we’re well along as you say in our plans for launching the molecule and we own the rights to this product globally and we look forward to commercializing it globally. Of course, we’re sharing – you know we had a partnership in Japan with Astellas but otherwise the rights are ours.
Bob Bradway: Thanks for your question, Chris. We’re focused on having this matter reviewed on the merits. And as you pointed out, we’re fortunate that it looks like we’re going to be able to do that early in the New Year. So, we’ll look forward to – again this is being reviewed in its entirety. And as you know and as we’ve said before, we feel we have a very strong intellectual property patent estate on this product and we demonstrated in the past our determination to assert our IP rights and defend them and that’s what we look forward to doing for this product early next year.
Bob Bradway: And Mark, not to miss the opportunity to talk about the long-term as I said and as David said in his remarks, we feel we are clearly making progress towards our long-term objectives including net margin objective.
Bob Bradway: So, Terence it was a little bit hard to hear your questions, but I think you were asking about Corlanor and Repatha, we are excited as we’ve said to get launched in the cardiovascular field with Corlanor and we think again an innovative medicine and it require some work educate to cardiologist about the appropriate use of this medicine with heart failure patients but we are excited about that and we are excited also about the innovative biology behind Repatha and the opportunity for that medicine and make a big difference for our patients with the risk of heart attack and stroke. So, our focus is on those two medicines right now to the extent that we have other opportunities to advance innovative biology with big effects in cardiovascular disease, we will look carefully those. And as you know we have one such medicine that’s in late stage of development now, which is our Omecamtiv mecarbil program, which Sean referred earlier in his remarks, so those constitute three pretty exciting innovative opportunities for us right now and if we find opportunities to build on those we’ll look at them carefully.
Bob Bradway: Okay, few questions in there. I’d say yes, we did see a pretty consistent treatment effect of Kyprolis independent of the baseline characteristics of these patients whether they had experienced transplant before whether they had been treated previously with velcade. The CV safety data I don’t have anything additional to say than the information we put in you know the press release until we would be presenting at ASCO. And I do think that this standard of my view on it is that well there is always lots of exciting innovation going on in oncology these days, backbone therapies in this particular disease are going to include a proteasome inhibitor for a good long time and it’s becoming pretty clear that the best agent is Kyprolis.
Bob Bradway: All right. Corey thanks for your question as you point out things are going very well for Kyprolis and we’re excited about the data that we have in hand as well as the data that we may generate well thanks for joining our call, Arvind and his team will be around if there are questions that you didn’t get a chance to ask on the call. And we’ll look forward to connecting with you on the next quarterly call. Thanks.
Tony Hooper: Michael, it’s Tony. So let me do some response. Obviously, it’s pretty early in the launch period itself, but we’ve seen pretty good uptick across as I said the 800 institution, the early debate was around reimbursement and access. We’re blocking that down and the product starts to move quite fast. We are exceeding our own internal expectations at this particular stage and we continue to see very good feedback from patients who really see this as a distinctive and definitive advantage. Nurses are also very keen to utilize the product and to help patients as they go home. And last but not least more and more institutions are stepping in to buy products. So we continue to see an ongoing conversion of the business to the on-body injector.
Tony Hooper: So we did the initial analysis based around looking at the number of patients with cardiac heart failure and then specifically looking at the subset with heart rates of [70] [ph] and above. And that’s to help us hone down the size of a particular market, the pricing is the pricing is made based on the value proposition we think that we bring into market, obviously we come to market for the first time as a cardiology company and we intend to try and get to as many of those million patients as possible.
Tony Hooper: We’ve basically debating a concept of 180 days notice. So that’s the debate at the moment. Once we get to a point in time that we would agree to live Sandoz they have the right to come to market at risk.
Tony Hooper: So the 800 accounts are about 25% of our large customers. And we clearly have a target that we aiming for, I’m not going to be disclosing that at the moment, but we’re driving hard to get a much of our business come to the on-body injector possible.
Tony Hooper: Okay. So just remind you in fourth quarter 2014, NEUPOGEN’s market share was 80% first quarter 2015 NEUPOGEN’s market share was 80%. As regard to Neulasta they could end the market towards the end of 2015 when our package expires.
Tony Hooper: Probably we’ve done a fair amount of work I mean it all comes down again to what potential outcome of the CLARION trial will be. But as John just said if we continue to going from ASPIRE to ENDEAVOR we assume we’ll have a positive result versus the competition in the marketplace. The objective in multiple myeloma is to drive progression free survival for as long as possible before you have to go onto your second and third line therefore we assume that we’ll be seeing usage in first inline to once we got the indication.
