Bob Bradway: Okay, thanks. Skinner, let’s go straight to the questions and could you please remind our callers of the procedure for asking questions and let me just give them a heads up that will go longer than usual because advertising at the beginning of my remarks we were going to be little bit longer in our prepared portion. So, we will stay and take the questions from the analysts. Skinner, let’s jump to it.
Bob Bradway: Okay, Robyn, we are having a little bit difficulty hearing you, but I think your first question was unlike was one that we should ask David to address, I think you were asking how much of the wide range in revenue guidance was attributable to biosimilar. So, I think David try to make it clear that a lot of it was related to Sensipar, but we are going to have David to address that.
Bob Bradway: And again, Robyn, it wasn’t clear what you are trying to get at with your question was the pipeline, but Sean go ahead.
Bob Bradway: Well, I said two things Terence. I said we are well-positioned to address ongoing changes in healthcare environment. And we expect there will continue the ongoing pressure from the healthcare environment and that we were also well-positioned to capitalize on consolidation for the benefit of our shareholders. So we have been consistent for some time in saying that that we have the financial capacity and we are interested in looking for deals that we think we can add value to in our areas of focus, so we are going to continue to do that. And as the other question implied we have felt for some time that there are pockets of excess capacity in the industry and we will look to see whether we can help create some value by being part of the consolidation around those.
Bob Bradway: We will both take a shot at your question Mike. I think you are right, we felt there was a big disconnect in 2014. And we were confident about the long-term outlook. And we seem to be at a different place from our shareholders. So we found it’s helpful to try and address that disconnect with longer term guidance. And we are – as we said, I think each of us said we are confident about the long-term outlook for our business now and excited about what we see as long-term growth potential of the company. But we continue to talk to our shareholders and get, take their counsel about the benefit of thinking about the guidance question.
Bob Bradway: Yes. Now let’s take the next question and maybe you can just remind our audience as to limit themselves to one question, since we are running over way over today.
Bob Bradway: Okay. Geoff, our focus when we look at deals is on we are looking to deploy capital that we think we can only return for our shareholders from, so it’s very easy to find accretive deals, it’s very hard to find deals that are both accretive and add to the long-term return on capital for our shareholders. So we are going to continue to be disciplined. We know the six areas that we are interested in. And with respect your second question, again I think you know our track record in this regard. We have been very active and very focused on looking at all ways to create value for our shareholders and we will continue to do that.
Bob Bradway: We take this in two parts. David and I can respond to your question, Andrew. First, with respect to next-generation manufacturing, we have been talking about this as you know for some time. We are delighted – and we are excited that global regulators have approved our first of these facilities in Singapore. And when we committed to that first again talking about some years ago we were clear that both as a consequence of lower capital cost and the meaningfully lower operating costs we would expect over time a benefit to be reflected across the sales line and that will happen. And generally we have said and we still believe that manufacturing is a source of competitive advantage at Amgen. We have a track record of supplying every patient every time and we think when it comes in particular to biosimilars, the reliability of the safe supply and reliable supply of biosimilar medicines from Amgen will be a differentiator.
Bob Bradway: Alright. Well, I think Kennen, Sean and David did a good job answering the question, so rather than add to it, let me just again thank you all forbearance and call that went a little longer than usual from us. But just to wrap up, we are heading into 2018 as I think you can tell from our remarks. We are excited we think we are operating the business well. We have strong products. We have an attractive pipeline that’s advancing rapidly. Strategically, we think we are well-positioned and focused on delivering growth and value for our shareholders. So, we look forward to reconvening with all of you in April and see how we do through the first quarter. Thank you.
David Meline: Yes, right. So, if you look at the guidance that we offered it’s obviously much larger than we would typically have about double what we would have at the beginning of the year. And certainly, a large portion of that is attributable to the uncertainty around the launch, the competitive launches that may occur this year from Sensipar. So, that’s the primary driver of the broader guidance than we typically would offer.
David Meline: Yes, Geoff. So, I guess the way I would think about the balance sheet going forward is I would look at how we have managed the balance sheet over these last several years. And we did that to optimize and get the lowest weighted average cost of capital and we did that without consideration of the offshore cash balances. So, we set our leverage and it’s varied over the last several years out of peak after Onyx and then it’s come down since that time. And I think it would be fair to assume that on a steady state basis, we would think about those kinds of balance sheet leverage ratios to be similar to what we have had in the past. Now, what I would say is that in the very near-term given the fact that we have such a large amount of capital that we will be deploying, it’s quite possible as I mentioned in my comments, but we would pay some debt in the interim, but that wouldn’t be mistaken to be where we think the ideal capital structure would be. So, I would refer again without reference to the cash we have been carrying, but just look at our leverage over these last several years, I think it’s a good sort of guidepost for how we will manage the business going forward.
David Meline: Yes, sure. So, in terms of the tax rate post-2018, what I would say is that if you look at our guide for this year on a non-GAAP basis at 14% to 15%, our preliminary analysis would suggest to us that, that would be a reasonable outlook for the period post 2018 and I use some words preliminary and that sort of thing, because it’s still evolving, but I think as a starting point, I think it’s reasonable to think about that as a steady state type level of tax rate going forward. And then in terms of you are correct as I tried to articulate if you look at our operating expense performance in Q4, basically we typically have as you know, we typically have the highest level of expense is in Q4 on an annual basis. And to the extent, we had expenses beyond that this past year in Q4 of ‘17 those were basically an entirely one-time type expenses that we wouldn’t expect to be recurring and that was related as I said to the hurricane costs, which are extraordinary and one-time as well as based on the fact that we had last year 35% tax rate versus taxes this year at 21% in the U.S. We looked at choices we might make around the timing of such discretionary expenses and time them into the period where we got to benefit from a tax perspective. So, with all of that, you go to 2018 as I said, our guidance would suggest to you until us that we expect to operate in the 52% to 54% range again this year. And I think you can expect the quarter-by-quarter patterns of margins and expenses to be quite consistent with what you have seen if you look at an average over the last several years.
David Meline: Yes. So, I guess what I would say is that if you – well, first of all, I think the tax calculation is pretty straightforward in terms of take the 14% to 15% range and apply it to what would be pre-tax profit. I think I gave you a range in terms of both operating margin and what we expected below the line interest expense and income to be. So, I think that hopefully will get you to a pre-tax income that you can apply the tax rate against. And then in terms of the repurchase activity, we now have authorization in total of little more than $14 billion for repurchases. And as I said, we could see that deployed as soon as you know completion in the first half. Our guidance of course takes into consideration that if there is some range of timing possibilities that our guidance covers in terms of the repurchase effects. So, again I think you can apply some math to get to the share count and how that would impact your EPS. Then it’s included in the guidance.
David Meline: We are obviously not going to give individual product guidance Umer at this point. We are excited about the product. We are excited about being first, so some dramatic population and the interest in having a new therapy that makes a big difference is high, but we are not going to give you individual product launch guidance at this point.
David Meline: Yes, I guess I would add when we set out on the journey to get to our current margin structure we talked about a number of things that were contributing to us achieving that and certainly as Bob just talked about the first module of this next-gen manufacturing is now going to be helping us and this next module will continue to enable us to drive our competitiveness. I would caution against thinking that you should think there is a big step up from where we are operating right now, because I think we are operating in a very nice place in terms of our own competitiveness. And so think about driving continued cost down to enable us to then continue and increase our investments in particular in support of these new products that are going after very large patient population. So, we are thinking about continuously driving our cost base to allow us to invest heavily in support of growth for the business.
David Meline: Yes, I guess, this is Meline. What I would comment on in terms of the opportunities out there we have been I think pretty clear that we are focused in particular on the six areas, where we have decided to establish a commercial presence. And so we tend to orient ourselves towards those opportunities and we are quite clear in the market that we want to see everything of any size that might be of interest to us across those areas and that Kennen maybe Sean would want to comment on technologies, but certainly….
David Meline: And I would just like to add my gratitude for your patience. We had a lot of topics to cover today of course between myself and my team we’ll be standing by for several hours. So, if you have any other questions, feel free to call us. Thanks again.
Sean Harper: Yes. I mean, I think it had to do with the value of the pipeline versus obviously the pressures we are facing on some of our legacy products as they go through the portfolio transition. I would just say that you are right, Robyn, we do have a very broad and deep capability these days. It’s the best it’s ever been at Amgen in my opinion. And I think that what you can observe is that across the key therapeutic areas that we are focusing in, we have a lot of really exciting opportunities. And I think that we can expect to see the same sort of productivity with respect to advancing the pipeline over the next 5 years that we have observed over the last 5 years.
Sean Harper: Yes. With respect to our BCMA BiTE programs, I think our view is that it’s going to be important for us to be able to demonstrate data. And these comparisons can be very complex, you know that the patient populations and the pretreatment of patients and things of this sort in the CAR T studies is often very different than this populations that we generate in our data set. So comparisons can be hard. But the bottom line is everyone that that we talk to in this field believes that if you can take a product like a BiTE off the shelf administers and get a similar degree of efficacy with potentially less of the safety risk and the enormous cost that can be associated with those safety risks in the hospital that BiTE would be a preferred modality. As I have said many times, I think there is a role for both of these modalities in the spectrum of care for even an individual patient in an oncology center.
Sean Harper: Yes. Right now, I think the things we are kind of excited about in Phase 2 are AMG301 in migraine, which is we are in a strong leading position with that mechanism and hope to see that it will be either synergistic with CGRP or address patients that don’t respond to CGRP innovation. And we have also the aisle to new team program AMG592, I would highlight as a program that is moving into multiple Phase 2 autoimmune disorders. And that’s a mechanism as you may know where we are able to affect the population of Treg cells in a profound way with this engineered form of IL-2. The number of our BiTE programs are while they are in Phase 1 that the next study for them could in fact like it was for BLINCYTO, be registration enabling. So this Phase 1, 2, 3 line gets pretty blurred in the oncology area particularly. So I consider a lot of the molecules that are in the clinic including our MCL1 inhibitor to be potentially in a pre-registration study as the next study type of status.
Sean Harper: Yes, hi, this is Sean. I will try to respond. I think obviously the kinds of populations that can be addressed with these agents are identical to the kind of populations that have been treated with statins over the years, we focused on a very high risk secondary prevention type population, although our label in both the U.S. and Europe is broader than that. And I think that it’s perfectly reasonable to study high-risk primary prevention patients. However, when you look at the situation we faced right now where it’s so difficult to get these drugs to patients who have experienced multiple events and have very high levels of LDL. I am not sure that’s the direction strategically that I would go if I were going to do another OUTCOMES trial, but it’s a reasonable thing to do. In terms of sequencing these therapies, if that all depends on the effect size that can be achieved, the safety profile of the novel mechanism of platform technology like siRNA in a very broad population. The bar is extremely high obviously from an efficacy safety perspective with Repatha.
Sean Harper: Yes, it’s a good question. I mean, what I would say is that we believe that there is a particularly profound level of unmet need in asthma and for a agent that could be given to sort of all comers without having to parse patients by fairly complex criteria that are difficult to assess in the average clinicians office. So, I personally believe that that is an area of particular opportunity for biologic therapy like tezepelumab. I think that COPD, it represents another very substantial opportunity and because of the nature of this mechanism one could believe that it might be more likely to have efficacy in a setting like that. Then some of the other therapies that are directed more at the inflammatory cascades that downstream in asthma and there are other disease areas like atopic dermatitis that we continue to explore. And I am sure as with all of these products in the inflammation space once a product has a kind of an anchor core profitable indication, virtually every good idea and a variety if not so good ideas get explored by either companies or investigator-sponsored studies trying to find every possible nook and cranny where the product might work.
Sean Harper: Yes. No, I would just since you mentioned some of these emerging technology platforms like gene-editing for therapeutic purposes or gene therapy that the earlier these kind of things are, the more likely it is that we will look at them even if they aren’t in one of these six areas, because we felt there is a breakthrough opportunity emerging and we could bring to bear our scientific and manufacturing commercial capabilities and so on. We have shown that will move on those kind of things.
Tony Hooper: It’s Tony. So, let me respond to that one. You are correct that Amgen has made it pretty clear that we disagree with the concept of the accumulator. That fundamentally, our systems is, a, to assist patients who can’t afford their co-pays that the agreements and contracts we have with these organizations is around making sure if patients get access. So, we put that in writing and made it clear to people. As I look at quarter one, I see a minimal impact to our Enbrel business because of these programs.
Tony Hooper: So Ronny, to answer your first part of your question, this is Tony, the accumulator programs would of course depend on what the individual patient’s deductible is. And as I said we are seeing and predicting minimal impact in the first quarter. And by definition I would therefore see minimal impact in the second as well by Amgen.
Tony Hooper: Yes. I actually couldn’t give you the details with that one right now. There was going to be a change in net price, but I don’t think that it was that high. We can come back to you guys and give you the details on that. I don’t have them with me.
Tony Hooper: So, Tony here. Let me respond to that one, right. So, as I have said a couple of times, since launch, we have been able to talk to physicians about the product being able to lower LDL from a promotional perspective, which is probably 98% of our physicians who don’t attend large congresses, we have not been able to be in a position to talk about the real benefit of Repatha dramatically lowering LDL and thereby reducing the risk out of heart attack and stroke. Just to give you an idea of how fast this has moved, we got the approval on the Friday at about 11:35 a.m. By Tuesday, we had trained our entire team of managers on actual promotional material. By the Thursday, we trained the entire sales force. By Saturday, we trained 250 cardiologists, speakers and by the next week, they had completed just over 200 speaker programs with an average of about 15 people attending each speaker program. I have never seen such rapid uptake of a speaker program from an exit – and these are promotional speaker programs, where the cardiologists are talking specifically from the new label. The feedback from sales force to-date has been very positive, people not truly understanding the value of what the drug does. And when I look at the last two weeks average NBRxs, they are about 18%, 20% higher than the average of the 4 weeks for December. So, yes, it’s tough to read this early on, but we are seeing an uptick in new patients getting to getting approved. When I look at our payer or access environment, I see the commercial plans sort of January of 2017, are improving – have improved by about 8% in terms of the approvals. Our Part D coverage has improved by about 30%. So, we continue to work hard to make sure people understand the value of this drug. I think more and more cardiologists and physicians are putting forward appropriate patients and fighting for them to get on the drug.
Tony Hooper: So, it’s Tony. So as we have talked last year, we are in constant debate and discussion with payers and providers around the value of this drug, about the value-based pricing we have and the rebates that are being offered in the marketplace to ensure improved levels of access. So, we continue to work with the payers on an ongoing basis to ensure we get a good position on formulary that we have improved on the utilization management criteria with fundamentally just about every plan has improved on that one. Quite dramatically, we have with worked hard to ensure that we can assist patients where appropriate with co-pays that they are not able to afford or deductibles and unable to afford. And I don’t think that work is going to stop for a while as we go forward.
