Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Rick, for that financial overview. In closing, 2022 was another banner year for our company and again validated the strength of our strategy, our business model and, most importantly, our people. Let me restate our key strategic pillars, which continue to be central to our culture and objectives as we've entered the new year. First, we will continue to integrate our businesses and simplify our operating model. Second, we will continue to focus on profitable revenue growth and sustainable margin expansion. Third, we will continue to drive high levels of cash flow, which in turn gives us the flexibility to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy. And fourth, we will continue to invest in our future. With these pillars in place, coupled with our industry-leading teams, we are well positioned to both face the challenges the new year presents and to continue to deliver positive year-over-year operating results for our shareholders. As always, I want to thank the over 45,000 people who work at LKQ for all they do to advance our business each day and for driving our mission forward regardless of the challenges. Time and time again, our teams have shown that these challenges are opportunities for growth, both for themselves and for the overall organization. And with that operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Nick Zarcone: Yes. Good morning, Craig, and thanks for the question. So, for many years, we've had an operation in Scandinavia, in Sweden. We call it Atracco. It's been operating quite well for quite some time. It's not a huge business. But it is a nicely profitable business. And we started in Scandinavia, and particularly Sweden, because that recycling market looks the most like the U.S. market, when you think about how the insurance companies participate in the industry and the utilization of recycled parts. And so that was our beachhead if you will. And it's proven to be a very nice investment. Obviously, Rhenoy is our maiden voyage on to the continent. And we anticipate that there will be incremental opportunities to expand the footprint. The recycling business in Europe, generally speaking, is different than in the U.S. It is largely driven by the commodities as opposed to parts sales. And as you know, as a distributor of parts, we're more focused on the parts side and the commodity side. And so, it's going to take some time for the European market to shift. There are some regulatory changes going on in Europe as it relates to the circular economy and utilization of green parts. We think this is going to be a good time to slowly kind of build up our presence. We've got a boatload of intellectual capital here in the U.S. We think it's going to be a good time to extend that to the other side of the Atlantic. But it's going to be a slow process, Craig. You should not expect any major shifts over the next year or two or three. But we think we're incredibly well positioned to expand our footprint on the recycling side in Europe. And it's all a matter of finding the right businesses to acquire, the right management teams, the right values, the right environmental practices, but we're optimistic that there'll be more tuck-ins like Rhenoy as time unfolds.
Nick Zarcone: Yes. So, State Farm made their announcement just in December. It's not like going over to the wall and flipping the switch, right? You have a couple of decades of history of repair shops being kind of driven into [their head] (ph) that State Farm did not use aftermarket parts. And so, it's going to be a slow transition. Our volumes of those three-part types on State Farm claims is moving up. And so, we think that it's on track for -- to hit the overall opportunity for 2023. I think we quantified that in our last call as being under $100 million. We've had one month, right, January, under our belt. If you kind of extrapolate that out, we think that they're going to continue to push their new policy throughout the marketplace, but it can take a little bit of time to get up to kind of full speed.
Nick Zarcone: There is no indication at this point in time, but again, we're not -- but -- what, sort of 45 days after the announcement that they're going to extend the program to new product types. That's certainly our hope. We think that is the logical thing to do, but we thought that was the logical thing to do for the last 20 years.
Nick Zarcone: Yes. So, as Rick and I both indicated, organic growth in Europe in the fourth quarter was a little bit over 5% on a per day basis, on a same day basis, which was terrific. Every single one of our markets was up nicely and either in and around that mid-single digit range with the exception of one business, which is, we call, components business on a year-over-year basis, that was still negative, because that's the business that used to sell into Russia. And if you recall, we shut every single element of that down the day that proven they rolled tanks over the border. And so, on a year-over-year basis, that volume has just gone. But all the geographic platforms showed really good organic growth in the fourth quarter.
Nick Zarcone: Well, we believe that in the fourth quarter, the biggest part of that tailwind is that the aftermarket, including ourselves, by far the largest player, we actually had inventory to sell. As you recall, we had supply chain challenges coming out of 2021 into 2022 and our fulfillment rates, because of that, were down. I mean, historically, we've been in this the mid-90% range. And as we indicated in prior quarters, we're down into the low to mid-80%-s, right? The fact that we actually have the inventory need to be responsive to customer demand is the primary reason the whole aftermarket industry was able to grab over 2 percentage points of share back from the OEs. And we think that -- and we're very proud of that. Obviously, we're the largest player in the aftermarket parts space. We're charging hard to take share, not just from the OEs, but from our smaller competitors as well.
Nick Zarcone: Yes, this is not a play for 2023 or even 2025, perhaps this is a 10-to-15-year play, right? And what, ultimately, we believe is it's pretty well documented that there's not enough lithium being mined to produce all these batteries that are going to go on the EVs that folks are anticipating going to be on the road. And so, recycling the key elements out of existing EV batteries can become critical. We don't have the technology to do that. We recycle parts, but we don't know how to recycle chemical elements, right? But that's where Korea Zinc comes in. I mean, they are truly a world-class organization when it comes to reclaiming and recycling all sorts of various non-ferrous metals. And we believe that's a combination of their ability and process technology on the one hand was our ability to source cores and batteries on the other hand is a -- it could be a great partnership. Now, it's a memorandum of understanding, right? It's not a joint venture yet. The goals over the next couple of years to figure out and work together to develop a plan that could be profitable for both companies. But it's moving us into the next generation of mobility and we're very excited about it. And we think Korea Zinc will be a terrific partner for us.
Nick Zarcone: The answer, Daniel, not to be snide, but the answer is yes, right? We've got a number of different projects over in Europe. Rick mentioned restructuring, the 2022 restructuring plan, that hits all of these segments, including the European segment. It's part -- folks should think about restructuring at LKQ as part of our continuous improvement plan that every year, we're looking to find ways to optimize our business and to get excess cost or better throughput and efficiency from each of our operations. And so, yes, there are some restructuring plans over in Europe, just like North America and Specialty. We're looking at programs to continue to drive organic revenue growth, particularly volume growth. And Varun and the team are focused on some key programs there. They pulled in headcount a little bit, particularly at the kind of at the head office level, not just in Zug, but across the operating platforms as well, just to make sure that our administrative costs are aligned with the realities of 2023 and the economic climate. So, it's a number of different initiatives, Daniel, none of which we're going to put a pinpoint as to what it means from a euro or dollar perspective, but it's all with the goal of continuing to drive organic revenue growth and better margins. And as I think Rick indicated in his prepared comments, we're anticipating that the margins in Europe will...
Nick Zarcone: Will go up by 20 basis points to 30 basis points in 2023. And that's been included in the guidance that Rick set out.
Nick Zarcone: Yes. So, Daniel, you need to separate the collision business from the mechanical repair business. And the EV batteries, what we're doing right now with Bumblebee and Green Bean, the two companies that we bought over the last year or so that remanufacture batteries, that has nothing to do with the collision business. That just has to do with the failure of the batteries and the life batteries to extend the life of the vehicle, okay? The memorandum of understanding on recycling with Korea Zinc, again, has nothing to do with remanufacturing. That is truly a recycling to get to the core elements that are inside that EV. And so, you need to keep -- there's a big difference between remanufacturing and recycling. Recycling, there's not a battery left to go back into another vehicle, right? Remanufacturing is where we truly look at the battery, we replace certain cells. That is not an insurance-driven profit. If you have a nine-year-old EV and your battery is failing, you're not going to get reimbursed a nickel from your insurance company to go replace that battery. That's going to be an out-of-pocket expense.
Nick Zarcone: Well, as always, we greatly appreciate everyone's time and attention on this call. We know it's a busy reporting period, and we appreciate you spending the hour with LKQ. Again, I couldn't be more proud of our team and the results that we posted up not only in the fourth quarter of 2022, but the full year as a whole. We're looking forward to being back on line with you in about, I don't know, 60 days or so, in late April, when we announce our first quarter results. So, thank you for your time, and we'll be talking to you soon.
Rick Galloway: Yes. So, we -- the way we're looking at it -- thanks for the question. The way we're looking at it is 55% is the minimum of where we're sort of guiding on the conversion piece of it. So, as we're driving into this thing, the mix between what happened year-over-year in the earnings with the interest payments, the tax payments coming down and the capital expenditures, I would -- I think we've got a gap, call it, 50 plus or minus, we kind of gear right in that range. That's where I would kind of look on the free cash flow piece. And then, backing into that, we've guided 55% to 60%. We think that's a pretty reasonable approach, where we hit the 60% in the prior year 2022, bringing that down a little bit with the CapEx expenditures in 2023 is how we end up getting to that $975 million.
Rick Galloway: Yes. So we look at 2% of revenue, 2% to 2.25% of revenue is usually the kind of guide that we've given. We have 1.75%, I think it was 1.77%, something like that in 2022 as things pushed out, primarily trucks, equipment pushed out with the supply chain issues. And then when you think year-over-year, we're right in that 2% range that we've been kind of guiding to. So, there may be ebbs and flows back and forth between different years, but that 2% to 2.25% is the right way to look at it.
Rick Galloway: No, I don't think so. So, we have a traditional build throughout the year, and we ended up decreasing that a little bit and then driving that down toward the end of the year to end up virtually flat year-over-year on overall inventories, and it's something that we're watching very closely with the demand. And so, nothing to be concerned about in that area.
