Nick Zarcone: Thanks, Rick for that financial overview. In closing, the first quarter was a great start to 2023 that again validated the strength of our strategy, our business model and most importantly our people. As we continue to progress through 2023, let me restate our key strategic pillars, which continue to be central to our culture and our objectives. First, we will continue to integrate our businesses and simplify our operating model. We will continue to focus on profitable revenue growth and sustainable margin expansion. And we will continue to drive high levels of cash flow, which in turn gives us the flexibility to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy. And fourth, we will continue to invest in our future. As always, I want to thank the over 45,000 people who work at LKQ for all they do to advance our business each day and for driving our mission and our delivers values forward regardless of the challenges. And with that operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Nick Zarcone: Great question. Obviously, the demand in North America is ultimately driven by the need for parts to repair collision-damaged vehicles. We do that with both aftermarket parts and recycled parts. As disclosed, we are benefiting a bit from the price actions that we took last year. And so average selling prices are up a little bit, 2023 over 2022, but volumes are up as well. And that as I indicated in my prepared remarks it's really driven by a couple of items. One is we finally have our inventories where we need them to be. And so fulfillment rates are back in north of 90% on the aftermarket product which is terrific. And the State Farm program is starting to kick in. We talked about in the Q4 – Q4 call that we thought that would be somewhere in the $80 million to $100 million benefit for 2023 for LKQ. We're right on track to hit that. That's what we built into our expectations for the year. And State Farm, we knew was not going to be like turning the lights switch on. It was going to take time for that to build and it's building. I mean the reality is APU for the industry in the first quarter was about where it was back in 2018 and 2019. which is terrific. It obviously dipped quite a bit during the height of the pandemic and the shortage of aftermarket supply but we're back to good levels of APU, which is terrific. We believe we're continuing to take share. And there are longer term there are other metrics that bode in our favor. The cars are being built in a more complex manner. The average number of parts needed to repair a vehicle has increased by about 2.5 parts over the last five years. The average cost of those parts has gone up. And again we think APUs are going to continue to drive north particularly with the benefit of State Farm. And nobody is better positioned to capitalize on those trends than LKQ, because we're the largest distributor of aftermarket collision parts in North America. We are the largest distributor of recycled parts aftermarket -- or recycled collision parts in North America, the volumes on the mechanical side of salvage were off a little bit. And actually the volumes on the collision side salvage were off a little bit in the first quarter, but that just has to do with the fact that we were -- during the height of the pandemic and the constraints within our aftermarket inventory, we were the only player in the market where we were able to shift a little bit of that -- those requests over to salvage parts. And we talked about that in our past calls. And in this quarter, you got a little bit of that swinging back the other way. But we feel very good about how we're positioned in our North American operation. We believe that the future is bright. The growth is good. And we're going to go continue to take as much share as we can get.
Nick Zarcone: Sure. We are thrilled with the performance of our European business again on a per day basis over 8%, 9% on a reported basis. As I mentioned in my prepared comments, every geography was either in high single-digits or low double-digits. And we haven't seen a scenario like that for quite some time. Again we called out a couple of the higher performers being Benelux, Germany, and Central and Eastern Europe. But that doesn't mean that the rest of the team underperformed. Indeed they were in that high single-digit area. And it was a mix of price and volume. Again when inflation hit hard we did the best we could to get ahead of the curve because if you don't, inflation will eat your life from the inside out. I'm so proud of the efforts by our teams over the last couple of years to make sure that we were able to get ahead of that. But there was some good volumes comparisons. And look the first quarter of 2022 was a good quarter, but wasn't off the charts and so we had a pretty good comparison to go after. And we're optimistic that Europe will continue to produce good solid results. Again we're not anticipating 9% growth for the entire year for the European team. So, it may come in a little bit as we move through the next few quarters as the organization really picked up some momentum towards the back half of last year. The cadence through the quarter I mean there was we don't give monthly results, but it was solid and the second quarter is off to a decent start albeit we're 20 some days into the quarter and we still got a long way to go. What we're particularly pleased with our European business Bret is the margins. Margins are up 90 basis points from where they were in Q1 of last year. And the revenue growth is great. We want to bring that down to the bottom-line because [Indiscernible] revenue doesn't do anything for an organization. And the reality is we've got the best margins in the European theater. When you look at it on an apples-to-apples US GAAP to US GAAP basis nobody has our level of EBITDA margins and we're very proud of that. 
Nick Zarcone: Yes, I mean it started off the year soft and ended the first quarter soft and that's why we've been very upfront with the same. We're not expecting any great turnarounds for the back of the year and it's going to come in below our original expectations and what was in our original guidance that we set back in the February call. We don't see any particular catalyst. And again all part types are not equal. As we mentioned the softer product lines include RV what's no pun intended, but what's attached to the RV volumes is towing product think about hitches and the like because every time somebody goes to get a brand new RV if it's a towable they need a hitch on their truck or their car, right? And so when new unit sales go down demand for towing product goes down. And so those are two product categories that are softest. The traditional SEMA product and the performance products again are down a little bit year-over-year. We think that's just the fact that they were so high in 2021 and 2022, but not down nearly as much as our RV product set. And then as Rick indicated, Marine is actually up a bit which is terrific. Important is that the specialty team is not taking it all sitting down. They've got a lot of programs particularly focused on productivity. They're adjusting the footprint their footprint of what they do. They -- we've already consolidated our fab tech California operation into our Fab 4 South Carolina operation. So, we're going to save some money there. We have dramatically reduced inventory in that business, to really align the working capital along with the current and anticipated revenue trends. We sold a very small underperforming business, to the former owner. But at the same time, this market in Specialty is going to provide us some opportunity to probably make a couple of small tuck-in acquisitions, that will go a long way to helping create and broaden our competitive moat in certain geographic or product markets. And we're going to take advantage of that.
Nick Zarcone: No. I mean miles driven is kind of just basically, moderating along. There's no material growth -- no material declines. As we've said in the past, we have better statistics on that in the US than we do in Europe. But overall mobility, has not changed dramatically on a year-over-year basis, in the first quarter. And the reality is that's fine. We really got pinched obviously, back in 2020 when the pandemic hit, is when the literally mobility around the globe came to a grinding halt.  And as long as vehicles are on the road and people are using their vehicles to get to and from work, fuel prices have come down generally on a global basis. They're not all the way down to where they were pre pandemic, particularly in Europe. But they've moderated a bit, and we think that's always good. Lower fuel prices tend to lead to perhaps, a little bit more miles driven and that creates demand for our parts. Again, we're assuming that the rest of the year that we're going to be kind of a flattish environment from an overall mobility perspective.
Nick Zarcone: Yes. So, we knew that the decision by State Farm to begin to turn on aftermarket products like I indicated was not going to be flipping a switch over on the wall to turn on the lights, right? It was going to be evolutionary, not revolutionary. And the volumes are ramping up to our expectations. There have been no discussions about adding additional parts. State Farm has not done anything put out any statements made any comments publicly about expanding the program. To be sure, every time we talk with our folks at State Farm, we are continuing to encourage them to both accelerate the rollout of the existing parts and to add new parts to the program. But the direct answer to your question is there has been no, material movement coming out of Bloomington Illinois with respect to broadening the part types.
Nick Zarcone: Yeah. You're correct. We do -- most of the distribution of warranty parts for not every OE but most of the OEs which is terrific. As you can appreciate the first quarter of the year is not a high utilization point with respect to RVs, because not a lot of people are using their campers north of the Mason-Dixon, line in January and February. It's a little chilly outside. We do expect that that activity will begin to ramp, as to whether gets warmer and people really get out to the camp grounds to utilize their units. And we think we're incredibly well positioned. We're making sure that we've got the right inventory to service those types of requests for warranty parts. And we're going to be standing ready to support all of our OE customers in that regard.
Nick Zarcone: Yeah. In our discussions with the industry groups and the folks who have all the data on the collision industry and total loss rates and the like, their expectation and our expectation is total loss rates for 2023 will settle out somewhere in the 18% to 19% range. They were 19% in Q1 as car prices -- used car prices moderate a little bit that's going to fluctuate around. But their expectation our expectation is somewhere in the 18s for 2023. And we'll pilot that. And again, the 19% in Q1 was up a little bit from last year and it had no impact on our growth. As we've said over and over we've lived through almost every cycle as it relates to total loss rates. And we just no pun intended we drive right through that.
Nick Zarcone: Well as always we greatly appreciate your time and attention in spending the hour with LKQ. We're very proud of the first quarter. We're optimistic about the future, not just here in 2023 but for the next 25 years, as we continue to celebrate the first 25. And we look forward to chatting with everyone in about 90 days to announce second quarter results. So, thank you.
Rick Galloway: Yeah. I appreciate the question Daniel. So good question. You're spot on. So during part of the prepared remarks, I talked about our expectations for the year will be elevated for our North American operations with the 20.5% EBITDA that they delivered just fantastic results from the team. Some of that will come back through pricing as we talked about, but we're comfortable saying we'll be within the 18s now. And we were guiding a little bit lower than that if you recall a couple of months ago as we were going to finish out the year, we don't think we'll finish out the year near as low as that. And it's really -- as you start thinking about that freight that freight -- when we looked at that year-over-year there was a pretty significant increase in freight in Q1 and that went away starting in Q2 last year. And so year-over-year there's a pretty nice benefit. That benefit almost goes away when we look at Q2 as we had already locked in some rates and there wasn't this excess freight is what we call it here there was excess freight on the ocean deliveries that really mitigated when we got into Q2. So still good results. I expect those to continue, but we will see a little bit of a tightening but not near as much Daniel.
Rick Galloway: Yes, I'll take that one. Thanks for the question. So, we're real pleased with the activity that we've had over in Europe in particular, with the vendor financing program, but also in the overall payables, right? We started making sure we transition away from just talking about vendor finance and talk about overall payables. And what we were able to see year-over-year is, that really a 10% improvement in our European operations on the days payable, as we extend that. And there's still room to go. We would expect similar-type improvement this year, and probably for the next couple of years. You got to think of it as not a race. We're not in a 100-meter dash here. We're in a marathon. It's going to be continuous improvement over and over again, every year as we deal with our vendors and really train them in the extension of the terms. And so, the team has done a great job. We got to see it. We got to see it in the free cash flow. We will see it again this year and continually improve even from Q4 to Q1 another improvement from what we've seen on there, as well. And it's both pieces, right? So, it's exactly where we're wanting to be and we expect that to continue for the next couple of years.
Rick Galloway: Yeah, Craig, I appreciate the question. As we look at the fulfillment rates last year we were in the upper-80s. We finished the year in the upper 80s. We started off really around 84, for the first quarter last year. And then as we progress through the year it gradually kept getting better and better and better. We're still up versus Q4's number as well. So we finished in the low-90s, but a slight improvement. And our expectation is that that will continue to etch up just a little bit throughout the year. So we're really pleased with the inventory availability. If you think about last year particularly in Q1 inventory was not very available for us. And we think we missed out on some share with OEs and the drop in APU. And then that's come back in Q1. And so the team is doing well and the inventory position we're very happy with in our North American operations.
Rick Galloway: Yeah. It's in the 90s. I mean, that one didn't drop like we saw over here in North America. So still in the 90s and really pleased with our delivery performance out there.
