Robert Wagman: Thank you, Joe. Good morning and thank you for joining us on the call today. We are pleased with the results we reported this morning. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations in Q2 were $0.32, an increase of 23% as compared to $0.26 for the second quarter of 2010 and in line with our internal expectations for the quarter. Revenue reached a record $760 million in the quarter, an increase of 30% as compared to Q2 2010. Our second quarter total organic revenue growth was 12.2%.  Organic revenue growth for parts and services for the quarter was 8.4%, which reflects increased part sales, primarily driven by improved inventory positions and the optimization of our regional distribution network as we continue to integrate newly acquired companies into the system.  Turning to aftermarket. Our aftermarket and refurbished revenue increased 23% for the quarter with an organic growth rate of 6.4%. Aftermarket and refurbished revenue from acquisitions grew 16.1%. This healthy growth rate can be partially attributed to the availability of more certified parts entering the system, as well as the maintenance of generally robust inventory levels, allowing us to reach the higher end of our traditional in-stock rates. The above growth rate was obtained despite a drop in miles driven, primarily the result of higher fuel prices. Based on data from the U.S. Department of Transportation, miles driven in April and May were down year-over-year 2.4% and 1.9%, respectively. Next to 2008, the reduction in miles driven for the first half of 2011 annualized is tracking to be the largest drop since 1983. Despite this headwind we face in the quarter, I'm quite pleased with the organic revenue growth we achieved across all segments of our business and our organization's ability to achieve targeted goals. Although relief from high gas prices does not appear imminent, we continue to maintain our guidance to same-store sales growth of 6% to 8% for the balance of the year.  To counteract the cost of increased fuel cost, we did initiate a fuel surcharge in our recycling operation starting in June. We are also planning additional fees starting in August that will address each part that travels through our internal to salvage distribution networks. Both of these programs should help reduce the impact to our fuel budgeted variances.  In our recycled parts division, demand for LKQ's wholesale parts remained strong during the quarter. Organic revenue growth of recycled parts and services was 11% for the quarter. Recycled parts revenue growth from acquisitions was 14.5% which includes the impact of our acquired remanufactured engine businesses. Availability to salvage inventory has remained strong, and we continue to put more recycled inventory on our shelves to maintain a healthy backlog of undismantled product at this time. Cost of salvage continues to remain at the high end of our historical averages. However, despite this fact, we've realized good sequential Q1 to Q2 2001 improvements in our recycled parts gross margin percentage, aided by our core recovery in fuel surcharge initiatives.  During the quarter, we purchased over 56,000 vehicles for dismantling by our wholesale operations, which is a 9% increase over Q2 2010. As anticipated in our Q1 call, a healthy volume of cars at auction was realized in Q2. With on-hand product and maintenance of our existing rate of vehicle acquisition, we should have sufficient inventory to grow our recycled parts operation. Finally, I am also pleased to announce that we extended our exclusive licensing agreement with the Ford Motor Company. While our agreement prohibits discussing the specific terms, the new agreement lasts for 42 months, an increase of 12 months from the prior agreement and the terms are generally comparable to our previous arrangement. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Joe Holsten to talk about other aspects of our business and our most recent acquisitions.
Robert Wagman: Yes. I think it is, Tony. With just some more general comments on margins, what we've got, what we've done so far and where I see it going forward, what might be helpful. We certainly continue to see the impact of the acquired businesses that we have. The integration period takes time and we continue to work through those integrations. This all a [indiscernible] correct will true up in Q4 but currently the act of creating a year-over-year drag. As Joe mentioned in his remarks, the paint and then the cooling business as well do tend to have lower margins because they're much more competitive in nature in the marketplace so it will be a little bit of a drag. However, we do believe that over time, we'll pick that back up on the operating side. We have the last quarter of the C for C, Cash for Clunkers comps impacts, and next quarter we'll return to normal comps with parts cars we generally purchase. So that's going away.  Just some of the things we have in the works that we also talked about. The additional deviation controls that are launching in August. We expect to have healthy aftermarket side of the business where the rest will be locked down similar to the yard in the salvage side of our business. And we're also putting a new enhancement there, where basically unlimited stock deviation lockdown will happen as well. So that's happening in August. We continue to watch the OE pricing. Of course, as they raise their prices, we're going to still follow suit and aggressively pursue that. They tend to be in the 1.5% to 2% range increases as we speak. John mentioned the cost of salvage still a little bit of an issue but hopefully, post tsunami, with the saw [ph] rate coming up now, we can get a little bit of relief in the used car market. Q2 is also a seasonally downturn for us in the aftermarket business particularly. But both sides of the business are impacted as we slow down into the slower collision period.  Just talking about going forward now. As Joe mentioned and I mentioned, historically some of these businesses that we purchased now, the cooling and the heating and the paint, have been a little bit historically lower margins but we think we'll get the operational margin improvements as we bring them into our system. The initiatives in place that we have, I feel pretty confident that the salvage margins have bottomed. And likely, with some of the initiatives we have in place, with the fuel charges and the other initiatives we have going with deviations, I'd like to see some kind of an uptick here in the upcoming quarters. As far as aftermarket goes when it comes to margins, we have to adjust for some seasonality as I mentioned in Q2 but with some of the things we have in place here with the deviations coming as well as the pricing that were marking closely with the OEs. I expect to see that has bottomed down as well and some modest uptick here in the next couple of quarters. As this, I'll let John add anything else as you...
Robert Wagman: I just wanted quote you, Tony. Many of these paint customers are under contract. As John mentioned, with the equipment that they have, they have to sign contracts. So there is a little bit of a headwind on getting the revenue there as they come out of contracts. So you're right, there will be a little bit of a delay but the benefits will come at the end. I think Joe mentioned the market size of being -- we've seen various estimates between 2 billion and 2.5 billion, and we're probably about 10% today. If we think we can get them over the years, over a number of years, get our market share closer to where we are in the alternative parts market, we could easily improve that dramatically.
Robert Wagman: The organic growth, there's a good backlog in the salvage, certainly the C for C comps going away, new comps get a lot more tougher going forward. Q4 initially has one less day that we have to contend with, but it really is the miles driven decrease that we saw. We did see some stats from MasterCard on July 4 that the driving was down as well. Really, just with the tougher comps coming with the C for C gone, as well as it's just the headwinds in the economy just tend to be more conservative, that 68% is probably going to be the guidance and more likely towards the higher end of that guidance, I suspect. But right now, we're just concerned about with the economy.
Robert Wagman: We are part of that, Craig. We are in the committee to help establish distributors. We actually view it as a good thing. As we look at our quality of vendors, we'll bring more credibility to the industry so we are a part of that as we are actively supporting their role and their certification programs. We actively buy their products. So we view that as a good thing for the industry.
Robert Wagman: There are a few -- one big -- real big company is Finish Master, they are owned by a publicly traded company out of Canada Uni-Select. After that, there is a lot of small regional players in the marketplace that tend to be one state, couple of states, maybe, but for the most part, it's small, independent distributors in the paint industry.
Robert Wagman: Sherwin-Williams is only the one, John, that has direct distribution. They have their own company stores. All the other locations, and Akzo did, until they sold it to us. So all the other 3 big players that John mentioned are either in distribution -- distributor markets.
Robert Wagman: We do not -- we do talk to body shop's that are saying, it's been a little soft, but other than that, John, it's basically just anecdotal but with the miles driven, we suspect that claim's behind us, probably being hindered a little bit as well.
Robert Wagman: Yes. As I mentioned, Sam, we were pretty much on our internal number. Top line was good. Bottom line was right where we expected. Again, John mentioned a little bit of the headwind that we received under the distribution cost. But overall, it was pretty much right on target where we had with the quarter. Where we thought we were going to come in.
Robert Wagman: July is traditionally, a slower month as I suspect. Many of our customers choose to take some vacation time. This year, no different. A little bit slower than usual but again, impacted by seasonality, I suspect. But we did anticipate and budget appropriately for the month. The 4th of July was an interesting timing. It fell on a Friday, and caused a long weekend there. So it's low, slow period. And ramped up over the course of the month.
Robert Wagman: No. We'll be generally getting APU figures annually from the estimating companies CCC, Mitchell and Auto Techs [ph]. But we certainly see as robust activity with the insurance industry on promoting alternate parts and quite frankly, the direct repair facility networks continue to gain strength and they are the biggest proponents of alternative parts. So while we haven't seen any new numbers, we suspect it's been strong and they will continue that way for the balance of the year.
Robert Wagman: Yes. We continue to market the government. It's a slow process. I think as we're all witnessing from the debt debate. Saving a little bit of time but we're actually working with the government, our government affairs division to help open some doors for our government marketing departments, so those continue to march along but it's a slow process. We think it's a marathon not a sprint and making some progress.
Robert Wagman: We have a team, they’re based out of Houston, Texas. That is marketing to the fleet with our reman, in particular, we're going after those fleet companies now. Making a little bit of headway, a lot more road ahead of us, though, but I think we'll continue to knock those doors and then we'll see some good progress there over the coming quarters.
Robert Wagman: Yes. I'd be glad to, Bill. There's been some recent interest by insurance companies to, in particular, look at low-end salvage alternatives to try and save some cost at the auctions. We're participating in a few of those programs where we have self-service. So it's great the access to some salvage. It just seems that the interest levels been peaked a little bit lately by some major carriers, actually. These aren't the smaller Tier 2 or Tier 3. These are on the Tier 1s. Just looking for alternatives outside the auction market, and again, particularly on the lower-end salvage. But again, we need access to those cars for our self-service. So we actively engage with them in those communications and we want a few of those deals.
Robert Wagman: Absolutely. Yes. As the cooling acquisition got us into some new products that we didn't have. Of course, the reman engines put us in some new products. So, yes, and of course, the paint. We were already in but we've certainly much more in depth there. I just want to touch on a few things on the paint as well. We have a lot of greenfield opportunities with those -- with the Akzo deal. So we'll be putting in a lot of greenfields. The amount of certified parts, interestingly enough, that a lot of insurance companies demand. I think in some stats from last quarter, there were 600 new parts entries into the certified parts market. Through CAPA and NSF. And as I mentioned on the last call, John, the -- we are pushing NSF to certify different type parts than CAPA. So we're not getting much duplication. So it's providing a big upside on the certified parts market as well.
Robert Wagman: I think just one thing, Nate, on the Akzo transaction which was the latest one we did. Just to give you, just what we're looking at first, timeline of integration. We had 40 locations purchased and over 30 of them will be relocated over time. So in some of these -- the storage of paint requires basically paint bunkers to protect the -- any kind of explosion that could possibly occur. So it takes time to get these things done. We did get them as John has mentioned previously, with some of you, that the conversions in the system has already been done. So it'll take time to get everyone integrated but as it happens, we'll start seeing on the operating line.
Robert Wagman: I think some of these get integrated into the business -- it's hard to say what the contribution is after 24 months. What often happens is that the customers will migrate over to one of our business lines and it does get modeled pretty quick.
Robert Wagman: No. I think the inventory levels have remained very strong. I think that the aftermarket is more of a pure collision type sale, Scot, and where the in-salvage has other opportunities with mechanical and other components. I think we're seeing a little bit of the headwind of the fuel prices there and people can delay or repair if their fender is damaged for example, but they can't delay or repair if your engine blows. So I think we got a little bit of more of a headwind on the after-market than the salvage side of the business.
Robert Wagman: I want to thank everyone, for joining us on the call today. We look forward to talking to you in about 90 days. Thanks, everybody.
Joseph Holsten: Okay. Thanks, Rob. Turning to our self-service retail businesses. During the second quarter, we acquired 91,000 lower-cost, self-service and crush-only cars compared to 78,000 in the second quarter of 2010, which is a 17% increase. We did see the cost of these cars increase by about 33% from one year ago levels, but some of that increase is simply due to the higher scrap prices. Overall, we are pleased with the way the self-service business is performing today. During the quarter, we upgraded and standardized our point-of-sales system in the line of business, and that is giving us a better insight in the statistics, such as the average part sales, sales by part type, and recovery per vehicle. We also have the ability now to post additional fees to our invoices.  In our heavy-duty truck operations. During the second quarter, we acquired roughly 1,600 units for resale of parts as compared to 900 in the second quarter of last year. We continue to build out this business with our goal of establishing a national network over the next few years. I mentioned previously the initiatives of getting everyone on a single system and improving the coordination among our yards, and that too is progressing nicely.  Moving on to our development efforts. During the second quarter, our largest transaction was the previously announced acquisition of the North American, the U.S. paint distribution business of AkzoNobel. With this deal, we acquired 40 locations across the United States. The majority of the locations have or will be integrated into our existing businesses. Paint and related products represent about 14% of the typical collision repair bill, so we think there's a lot of upside to grow this market. We've seen various estimates of the size of this market being somewhere from $2 billion to $2.5 billion, so we believe this will be an attractive space for us as we only have about a 10% market share today. One aspect to this market is that the gross margins do tend to be lower than our traditional parts business. So we will have an unfavorable mix change at the gross margin line, but over time we believe we can lever our distribution and warehouse cost to get some, if not all of that difference back at the operating income margin line.  We also added to our wheel refinishing business with a small acquisition in Ohio, and we also picked up a small aftermarket distribution business in Ohio as well during the quarter. We have been busy since the end of the second quarter, having added 4 new deals for the last 4 weeks. Since June 30, we bought Specialized Parts Planet, which operates several wholesale recycled parts yards in Rancho, Cordova, and Fresno, California. We have purchased 3 wholesale recycled parts yards operating in the greater Boise, Idaho, market. We've added a new wholesale self-service combination yard based in Austin, Texas. And in North Carolina, we added to our automotive cooling parts distribution business with the acquisition of a specialty distributor in that market.  With respect to our own internal development efforts, we currently have 4 brownfield self-service recycling facilities under development and 2 full-service facilities that have been identified for conversion to self-service recycling yards over the next year.  On our first quarter call, I mentioned the development of a wholesale salvage yard in Central Ohio. I'm happy to report that operation has opened ahead of schedule and is now fully operational. We continue to be pleased with the robust pipeline of acquisition opportunities. And based on our working backlog, we expect the second half of the year to be fairly active. I would expect that the back half will have at least a similar number of deals as the first half of the year. This time, I'd like to ask for John to provide some details on the financial results in the quarter.
Joseph Holsten: I think right now, Tony, we're not looking at what I would consider new verticals at the moment in the U.S. market. We certainly in the late-model salvage, we are focused predominantly on geographical expansions right now. As you saw during the quarter, the Boise, Idaho, markets, total new market entry for us and our presence in the Fresno, Sacramento, markets was somewhat limited. So we're very happy with the addition of the geographical expansions there. And aftermarket products be able to continue to look at moving faster on the paint transactions than probably aftermarket parts. Aftermarket products, parts anyway, we will probably consider cold starting markets at this point. And on the U-Pull-It business, again that would be more focused on geographical expansion. The brownfields I mentioned, 3 of those are for new geographical markets and one helps solidify a very important market in East Texas for us.
Joseph Holsten: Yes, we continue to meet periodically with players from other markets. Just us, say, increasing our knowledge and kind of to get the pulse on what momentum may exist in terms of market interest and driving higher alternate part utilization rates. We have an increasing flow of people from China who are looking for partners to -- I'd say looking for people with the know-how to operate on the ground, and of course they're offering their varying -- their significant political relationships in most cases. As I'd guess there's probably someone to our office about once a quarter now to have discussions with us about the Chinese market and other than that, kind of where we focus building our knowledge basis in the European arena. So, yes, we continue to learn, listen and look for opportunities that may be a good entry vehicles for us.
Joseph Holsten: Yes. We're in the deal market there and carefully evaluating a few acquisition candidates. And I'm hopeful that in the second half the year we'll make another couple of additions of new markets to -- and the importance of the additional markets from my perspective is to allow us more versatility to go after fleets, especially on the fleet disposal. And that's why I'm interested in the footprint predominantly, is a, kind of, more of the marketing for fleet disposal from fleet managers. I think -- we saw a nice improvement year-over-year in the operating margins of the truck business. It's still relatively minor piece of the LKQ puzzle. But the margins are certainly getting to the levels that we had anticipated when we made the decision a few years ago to enter this line of business.
John Quinn: The only other thing I pointed out in my prepared remarks, Tony was the -- obviously as Rob mentioned there was the seasonality. And also, Q1 did have a couple of benefit in there from the commodity, sequential Q4 to Q1 commodity rise. And so, that wasn’t repeated, commodity price were essentially flat in the quarter. So you lose that benefit.
John Quinn: I don't know -- I won't go there on this call, Craig. But I think to put it into perspective, the thing we see in other companies of -- in competitors in the paint business that are doing circa $400 million. We are probably the #2 today, obviously, our goal is to be the #1 in every market.
John Quinn: I'm sorry. Yes. Well, most of the paint is produced by a couple of large PPG, AkzoNobel, Sherwin-Williams, DuPont, and these are sort of household names and they operate a model where typically they will distribute through distributorships like ourselves. So just make it clear, we're not manufacturing any paint. We're the distributor, we distribute for all of those companies I just mentioned, except maybe Sherwin-Williams.
John Quinn: I may have to get back to you on that one, Sam, we had $100 million this quarter of acquisition revenue. I just had to ask them to check for the lapse in schedule because Q3 last year we had the smelter acquisition and that's going to drop off. I mean it did cross Canada in Q4, that's going to drop off in Q4, most probably about in Q4 that it mostly drops off. So…
John Quinn: Correct. It is primarily associated with the termination of leases around the AkzoNobel transaction. There's a little bit up in Canada as well.
John Quinn: Yes, well, we're hoping and anticipating as it starts to come up, it will get pressure off the used car market and you can get some of those guys that we believe that are coming to our sector of the business to try and get cars to put on their lots. We're encouraged by the Japanese turnaround in terms of production, it's coming up rapidly. And we're anticipating that should give us some relief and we don't expect looking at the Manheim Used Car Index. It's at a high but it does have seemed to peak, at least appears, that it's not going any higher. So hopefully, we'll get some pressure potentially on the cost of goods.
John Quinn: I'll just start, maybe, and Rob can chime in. The -- I think what we said was that with respect to a couple of the businesses, there's a mix change that we view as probably a little bit permanent. So we took a step down with the smelter business that we bought last year. That, as you know, we bought that to support our wheel refinishing business. We really -- all the furnace does were to essentially densify the aluminum into thousand ingots for resale and for easier shipping. So to the extent that ends up as a bigger component of scrap and other -- it's a very low-margin business. And that's sort of a permanent step down. And that was actually the number one driver when I talked about the mix change, accounting for the majority of year-over-year variants now. That's more or less permanent. With respect to the paint business, the paint business is a lower gross margin business. As we continue to expand that, we're going to continue to see that be a slighlty unfavorable mix at the gross margin line. I think Joe mentioned that over time, and we think that as we rationalize the warehouse, as we rationalize the distribution that the operating income line should come up on that business to something comparable to where we're at. On the engine business, that is initially has been a little bit lower, isn't it? There's some bookkeeping issues associated when you buy a company that, if you got inventory gains, you’re not allowed to recognized all those. So there’ll be a little bit of impact in that but not really all that big. But over time, this strategy with respect to that business really is to get the product into our shops and it'll end up showing up in the salvage side of the business. So in terms of some of the margin improvements that we see coming, I think a lot of that's going to come out through the facility, the selling, the distribution, the cost, as opposed to gross margin per se. Then with respect to some of the other initiatives that we're taking, though, on the pricing front, I think that we've seen some early success with respect to, for example, the core charge program that we mentioned a couple of quarters ago. We just got the fuel surcharge in June, that seems to be going well. Both those programs are on the salvage side. After-market, we're just starting, it’s early days there, we've been doing some analytics and trying to figure out what you can do there. Rob mentioned I think, that you were starting some programs around that in Q3. And so, those things would help margins on those fronts.
John Quinn: I think generally speaking, it's a shorter period, a couple of years. I don't think anybody has a 5-year plan. If we hadn’t see those certain things we don't build them in that pro forma, if they're not, much quicker than that.
John Quinn: I think to some extent, it depends on the type of acquisition. And to the extent when we buy a salvage yard in California, for example, you tend to see a little bit of growth there because we can lever our footprint in our distribution and inventory. But that generally happens within the first year. So it's really caught up in the acquisition growth. Thing is, like paint, where we think we can leverage that into our existing customer base, I would think that, that would probably grow at a slightly higher rates than the average over time.
