Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, John. To summarize, we are pleased with our third quarter performance. As we approach the end of 2013, I am proud of the achievements we've made thus far. The North American market continues to grow in geography and product offerings and we are far from being fully built out. APU trends are favorable, certified parts continue to grow, vehicle procurement dynamics are improving and macro trends, such as miles driven, unemployment and gas prices are trending in our favor. These dynamics, coupled with our first-mover advantage on technological initiatives such as the CCC ONE integration have positioned our North American operations well for 2014 and beyond. Also, the unique value proposition we offer to insurance carriers and the professional automotive repair industry transfers well outside of North America and we are pleased with the initial results of expanding that message into new geographic markets beyond the U.S. and Canada. We believe that great things are not done by impulse but by a series of small things brought together. Every day, our 23,000-plus employees work together to build a better company for our customers and shareholders. And for that, I say thank you. Manny, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. Certainly in North America, Nate, it's everything you said. It's better acceptance by the insurance company. You left one important part out, is the certified parts. Certified parts are up 24.7% year-over-year. And as you know, many carriers specifically will only use certified parts. So I think it's a combination of better acceptance, certainly taking market share from the industry, as well. But certified parts are playing a role, as well. We are -- each and every month, we see better cross-selling by our reps, selling both salvage and aftermarket. So get our reps train very quickly on the dual systems. We made great strides over the years of having those systems communicate to each other. So I think it's a combination of all those factors. As far as the U.K. goes, yes, it's new product offerings. Certainly the collision parts program has helped add to that. The new store openings. It's amazing how quickly they come up to speed. Basically within 6 to 9 months, they're at breakeven. So great product training over there, new product offerings and really taking market share from the competition in that market, as well. So we're very pleased on both sides of the pond.
Robert L. Wagman: We are still looking at those opportunities, of course. As you know, in previous calls we mentioned that we challenged the insurance industry to adopt the aftermarket parts. As we mentioned on the call today, we've got another insurer that came over the wall. So we're down to 6 in the pilot and 2 in the full program. So we're feeling optimistic that we're obviously gaining acceptance of alternative parts. So we will continue to look at those alternatives, being salvage, reman. Obviously, we entered the paint market in August, so we've covered that leg of the stool. So we continue to look at opportunities, Nate, and as far as a timeline goes, nothing written in stone yet but certainly, as the acceptance of aftermarket gets better and better, we'll continue to look at that more and more closely.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. John, we are looking at, obviously, the estimates in the orders that we're getting. One of the things that we're very pleased with -- one of the ancillary benefits that we didn't anticipate was a lower return percentage. It seems that when shops order their own parts, they do -- we just have a better accuracy on what part ordered [indiscernible]. They're substantially lower. So that certainly has been exciting. As far as looking at line by line, we believe most of these parts orders are basically supplemental to the phone call. However, what we haven't been able to determine yet, we're going to go with more research on this. What we suspect is likely happening is that if a shop called in looking for a fender, for example, the rep would take the order and be done. If the shop needs an inner fender, for example, it's a piece of plastic behind the fender, and didn't ask for it, we probably wouldn't have sold it. So we think now that, that part is automatically showing, there's a likelihood that we are getting some additional sales. Really hard to quantify because we don't know if that person would have asked for it on the call. But we're going to do some more research on that but our initial view of this program has been very good. I mean, you can see the growth, the return rates. We do expect the rollout of all 4,000 CCC shops that have this product -- they have many more customers but 4,000 have access to this product, will be done by year end. And we're really encouraged by the growth. So we think there's opportunities there, for sure.
Robert L. Wagman: It is open-ended. I don't suspect that there -- at 3 years, we'll be having that kind of meeting. This will be a long-term partnership. It's a great partnership and, quite frankly, I can't think of a better way to enter a market than partnering with the #1 insurance company in the country. So -- and this is going to be a long-term deal for us.
Robert L. Wagman: Craig, as I mentioned on my prepared remarks that we're very pleased with the synergies that we're going to achieve and we're on target to do that. As we noted, there are very little distribution synergies because, obviously, the U.K. is literally an island from the Benelux market. But I'm very pleased, really starting to learn the territory with our customer base and looking at opportunities to add new products, which we are doing. There were some products that were available in the U.K. that have now been introduced into the Benelux market. As far as the future of the rollout and the different distribution models, we continue to do our due diligence on other markets. As I mentioned on previous calls, there is a Sator, an ECP in every country that -- every European country that we are looking at. So there's small regional players, no pan-European distributor. So we will continue to look at those markets, do our due diligence. I think, in time, we will look to expand that model. We do believe different countries have different models, of course, the U.K. being 2-step and the Benelux being 3-step. We certainly see that across different European countries, the 2- and 3-step models mixed in different countries. And we will certainly look at different opportunities as those markets present themselves. But really, really just still in our due diligence phase of which markets present the best opportunities today.
Robert L. Wagman: Actually, John, I think it's much better. Certainly there are some permits to getting the salvage-yard operations but certainly going in with the insurer as a partner makes the sale part of it easier. I was actually in Australia last week, looking at the operation, potential operations, and I don't think it's going to be a major barrier to get the zoning permits we need. We're also looking at possibly acquisition opportunities, as well, so -- in the event that does become a barrier. But we are optimistic that we can get up and running relatively quickly. It'll take some time but certainly within a couple of quarters, we expect to be -- start selling our first products. Likely be aftermarket initially but the salvage operations will open relatively quickly, I think, considering what we have to get done in the meantime.
Robert L. Wagman: Miles driven for the year are up 0.8% -- I'm sorry, for year-over-year Q3. We do expect some of the trends we're seeing, gas prices certainly stabilized, if not down, in many markets. I anticipate miles driven to continue to be at least steady, if not slightly up, and that certainly won't hurt us, with miles driven increasing.
Robert L. Wagman: And one other thing I'd add to that, Bill, going back to Nate's question from the beginning about organic growth. One of the trends that we really like seeing is that SAR [ph] rate improving. These are going to be late-model cars fully insured. So with a SAR [ph] rate over $16 million, and I've seen estimates next year in the $17 million range, that bodes well for both the collision repair industry and our business, in that later-model cars tend to be more insured or insured in the first place. So we think long term the trends are looking better, for sure.
Robert L. Wagman: They will be -- actually, there were 5 paint deals, by the way, rolled into one. But there were 5 separate companies we did. They will be merged with ECP delivery in many cases. We anticipate 4 closures by the end of this year. And as I said in my prepared remarks, Bill, this gives us virtual U.K. coverage. We may have to open 1 or 2 or 3 branches just to fill out some geographic holes but there will be some integration with the ECP branches and delivery wherever we can. As far as offerings to the paint -- to the insurance companies as part of those deals, those tend to be separate. The U.K. has always had paint deals separately with insurance companies. However, we do plan on leveraging those relationships where we have parts relationships, we don't paint, we'll leverage that and vice versa. So insurers are very much involved in the repair process in the U.K. as compared to the United States. So that will definitely benefit us long-term, those relationships, on both sides.
Robert L. Wagman: But I do think it's a fair statement, Sam, that the first guy in the box does tend to get a little bit higher multiple, generally speaking. I can assure you that the second deal we announced in the Benelux did not transpire at the same multiple of the first one. So I think it's a fair statement.
Robert L. Wagman: We have not seen that yet. However, there's still an ongoing investigation by the Office of Fair Trade over in the U.K., looking into premiums. So I think everything's on hold until they get done with their investigation. But we certainly expect that to be the ultimate result at some point.
Robert L. Wagman: It's interesting, Sam, we've actually seen Manheim tick up and our costs have ticked down a little bit. So we actually are seeing opposite in a good way. So we do expect that Manheim to tip at some point. And just my talk with various industry players, in particular CCC, who we talk to constantly, who watches the Manheim Index very closely, they were actually a little surprised that it hasn't started to come down. But they are expecting that to start ticking down as these used cars start to hit the marketplace. So we do expect some relief. We said on a previous call, Sam, we saw that correlation on the way up, where Manheim got higher, we were paying more. We're actually pretty pleased with Manheim ticking slightly up last quarter, yet our prices did drop nicely. So we do expect good things coming when that drops.
Robert L. Wagman: And to further complicate the matter, Sam, we saw a reduction in scrap prices. So we know some of that decrease in cost was related to scrap, not necessarily Manheim going one way or the other. So we're not sure where scrap's going. I can tell you scrap in October was actually slightly down compared to Q3. I'm not sure where it's going in November, December, but we've seen a little bit more pressure in the scrap market. So that's still up in the air, too. But that's certainly causing some relief at the auctions, in spite of where Manheim is going.
Robert L. Wagman: No. Actually, when we look at the AP usages, they're both getting small gains, or minor variations on both sides. But the salvage markets remain strong. We track the number of cars at auctions. They've been very steady. Aftermarket continues to put certified parts in, as I said, and continue to open up new products to us in terms of when new models come out. I think they're both really steadily just moving along.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. I remember in all 3, we have our own quality assurance program. That is up, cap is up and NSF is up. And combined, they were up 24.7%, Scott.
Robert L. Wagman: The total carpark is roughly 250 million cars as compared to the U.S. of 245 million. We had our Vice President of Insurance Relations head over to the Benelux market to start initial discussions on the continent with insurers. We're very pleased with at least the initial discussions. And again, one thing we've always liked, Scott, is that the insurers in the U.K. are also the insurers on the continent, many times, many cases. So there's some overlap. So we're convinced, if we can pull this off in the U.K., and again, 80% growth year-over-year. We're very pleased getting that second insurance company into a program has been very good. And certainly we expect to bring this onto the continent in time. As far as a timeline goes, I've instructed our teams over there that let's continue to work on the synergies we have. But I expect to have our insurance team back over there probably spring or summer at the latest to start looking at more substantive programs on the continent.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. Gary, those are the shops that have access to this particular product of CCC. They have many, many, many more customers that currently just haven't stepped up to this package. They certainly could grow if CCC is successful in selling that product. They have, I would imagine, 20,000-plus customers -- 25,000-plus body shop customers across the U.S. So they can continue to sell this product and get more into it. So the 4,000 are the ones that have access to it today and they will have access by the end of this year.
Robert L. Wagman: Very similar, but the difference is that the CCC is interactive within the estimate. And I think honestly, that's why it's been so much more successful than the Mitchell. Mitchell's plan is to integrate that in time. They just haven't gotten that done yet. One last thing on the CCC product that is going to launch in Q4. It's a salvage interaction. Right now, our current program with CCC is basically just the aftermarket. We do plan on getting the salvage part launched by the end of Q4.
Robert L. Wagman: Okay, thank you, and thank you, everyone, for the time this morning and we look forward to speaking to you in the new year when we report our fourth quarter and full year 2013 results. Have a great holiday season, everyone. Thank you.
John S. Quinn: Sure. In Q3, the acquisitions' annualized revenue was $170 million. And so, call it $42 million, roughly, a quarter. We reported about $30 million of that in Q3. So in Q4, you should see an incremental roughly about $12 million impact from the acquisitions.
John S. Quinn: It's the -- incremental for Q4? It's just the acquisition we've announced, which is about $12 million in Q4 incremental revenue.
John S. Quinn: We actually haven't started those. We kick off with our U.K. trip early next year -- next month. So too early to give any feedback.
John S. Quinn: It's John speaking, David. What we said was that the EBITDA -- I'll talk to EBITDA, our gross margins' are similar impact. Those margins are below what ECP does. Part of that's because of the 2-step versus the 3-step model. What we said at the time of the acquisition is that we think of it in 2 years, 2 to 3 years, we should be able to achieve procurement synergies that should close that gap and have the margins come up to be similar to the ECP margins. I don't know that it would be accretive but I think at least it won't be dilutive within 2 years. Those acquisition synergies seem to be on track, so I don't think we've changed our thinking on that regard.
John S. Quinn: No. The Q2 -- excuse me, Q3 was benefited both this year and last year for some discrete items, which you record those in the period as opposed to in the blended full year rate. So we don't anticipate, for this year, being materially different from that 35%. It could be a little bit higher, a little bit lower, depending on the mix of the income and the timing of any perms that we happen to have. But I don't anticipate that. The U.K. rate is coming down. That's what drove the discrete item this quarter, primarily. So the U.K. tax rates are indeed going down, which obviously makes the European business more attractive on an after-tax basis. So as that business grows and becomes a little bit bigger portion, you will see our tax rate drift down over the next couple of years but not material at this point.
John S. Quinn: I think we've often talked about the business model and if we can grow organically, call it, 5% to 8% and then supplement that with some acquisition. We've always said it's going to be a bit lumpy but we believe that over time, we ought to be able to get operating income expansion. And I think that model has worked out precisely the way we've described it in the last couple of quarters because we have had the benefit of the acquisitions we did last year. We did 30 acquisitions last year and some fairly significant acquisitions this year. And we've been blessed with some strong organic growth. So I think that model is continuing. We believe that we're going to continue to have organic growth and acquisition activity in the coming years, so it is -- somebody asked about our focus on the budgets. That is one of the discussion points that we have with our field every budget season, and we hammer it home throughout the year, is what we refer to as operating leverage, which means getting an extra dollar of revenue and having more than that marginally following through to the bottom line in terms of the percentage that we normally see. So we still believe in that. It will be lumpy and some of it does get driven by the impact of the commodity prices. The nice thing that we're seeing right now is that commodity prices, although they're falling, we are still seeing that operating leverage come through because when that other income shrinks it puts a little bit of pressure on the operating margin. We have mentioned to overcome that the last couple of quarters, as you've noticed.
John S. Quinn: I was just going to say, those cars are all being handled today. There is an end-of-life program for vehicles in Australia right now. So I would think that, with us bringing our professional standards, we should not have a major issue. We really are only talking about 3 major markets that we're going to hit initially.
John S. Quinn: At this time of year, most of the accidents get repaired within probably 4 to 6 weeks. In the winter time, sometimes the drivables get extended a little bit. We saw a little bit of that probably in Q2, and got some benefit from the winter in Q3. I think most of the increase that we saw last quarter is probably flushed through the system by now. But obviously, the point, I guess, I was trying to make was that the trend, at least, has started to turn a little bit, it appears, from suffering from negative miles driven to a positive.
John S. Quinn: It's mainly just the timing of working capital. And I mentioned that our inventories in the North America is actually down year-over-year. We probably will have a little bit of a build later this year. I wouldn't read too much into it, Bill.
John S. Quinn: I think the big deal, the paint transactions, they are a lower-gross margin business, frankly. So you tend to do, when you look at the economics and all of the cash flows -- we're paying on the cash flows as opposed to the revenue multiple. So I think it's safe to say that it's within our normal parameters in terms of the acquisition deals but you're probably right. There probably is a little bit more revenue per dollar of acquisition cost because the EBITDA is less, the percentage of EBITDA.
John S. Quinn: Obviously, we always pay as little as we can but it's going to depend on the asset. If we were to enter the salvage market, that would be a new market for us. We tend to try to buy the best companies that we can whenever we enter our market. So whether it's into a new geographic on the continent or whether it's a new product line within the U.K. or the Benelux area, we're going to look for the best companies. We're going to pay based on the cash flows and it's going to be based on the competitive situation, as well.
John S. Quinn: We're assuming it'll stay at the status quo. I guess the point I was trying to make, Sam, was that in Q2 we saw the Manheim coming down, so it turned around and started going back up. We didn't see as much benefit as we anticipated. As Rob said, we did get a little bit of benefit and I think that was reflected in the North American gross margins, a little bit. But right now we're not forecasting Manheim to go up or down particularly.
John S. Quinn: Manny, we probably only have time for one more quick call. I want to be respectful of everyone's time.
