Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, Nick. As a company, we are always focused on financial performance, but we are equally focused on facing change head on and rapidly adapting in order to continuously deliver positive results for our stockholders, employees, and most importantly, our customers. There is no question that weather impacted various lines of business and many markets for our companies thus far in 2016, a similar scenario to what we witnessed in 2012. We firmly believe that like 2012, this impact is temporary and that the macro trends continue to present opportunities for all of our segments. Yet we don't rest on our laurels and simply blame softness in our business on uncontrollable circumstances. Rather, during those periods, we strive to maintain our historical growth rates and our leading positions by focusing on what we can control such as the margin improvements we recognized in this quarter. It is clear as headwinds present themselves, our team of nearly 41,000 employees globally actively adjust to market conditions to effectively and profitably manage their businesses not only for today but to position us well for the future. This focus allowed us again to deliver double-digit EPS growth in the midst of a challenging environment. So, a big thank you to the LKQ team. And with that, operator, we are now ready to open the call for the questions.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah. Thanks, Ben. We certainly look into that with CCC and with some of our customers. And what we find is that the vast majority in collisions are drivable collisions. So, they do tend to take time to get repaired when the customer is ready to get the car into the shop. So, it does tend to drag on through the entire year actually with the drivable collisions. And then you look at just the overall claims volume being up just 2.4% for the whole year. There is just been a light amount of claims being filed this year. It's just been a really soft year that has carried through all through Q3.
Robert L. Wagman: One other area too, Ben, that we saw was weak was Western Canada, the decimation of the fracking industry up there. Our claim volume is down, way down there as well, as well as our business. So, it's not just weather. It's some economic conditions as well.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. Unfortunately, under a whole separate world, we were not allowed to integrate the businesses. But we do believe purchasing will be the biggest benefit. We tend to buy a little bit better than they do. We are, under the whole separate world, allowed to sell to each other, so we are supporting the business today. But until we can fully integrate the business -- when we do integrate the business, it will be logistics. We believe we have a much – with Tamworth 2 coming online, we're going to be able to much better support those businesses with inventory and deliveries, which we think will make a huge operational benefit for those stores that they have.
Robert L. Wagman: And just one last update on the CMA. We are close to filing our submission to the CMA. They have up to two months to decide what the next steps are. So, when we get released, we'll be ready to start integrating the business hopefully by Q1.
Robert L. Wagman: We'll get that. We're looking for that right now, Craig. I just want to state that I know in 2012, we had very similar results to what we're seeing this year. In 2013, it did bounce back. And we believe just some of those macro trends that we're seeing, new car sales are definitely a little bit of a headwind at first, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. Those are starting to come out of warranty, so we do expect some help there. We did mention on the call the increase in total losses. The good news there is that CCC is anticipating that those start to level off now because of the newer car part getting into the system. And then of course, the regional segmentation that we're seeing. As Nick mentioned, the Northeast and the Midwest, just really getting decimated by claim volume. So, we are hoping for a normal winter, and we do expect it to obviously bounce right back.
Robert L. Wagman: And, Craig, on the number you're looking for, we'll circle back with you. We need to get in touch with CCC on that.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah. Andrew Page, we've got actually earlier in the process by the time that Unipart kind of went out the stores or basically vacant. Andrew Page, its stores were ongoing. We have inventory, depleted inventory but inventory in the stores which we're rebuilding and the like. So, we do think, however, that we will be able to get Andrew Page back to profitability. It's probably going to make us for $0.01 to $0.015 in the fourth quarter. And so, we would look in 2017 once we are able to kind of fully work with their team, get their customer service levels where they need to be particularly the fulfillment levels and inventories back at the right levels. We can grow revenue and that will help the profitability as well. We'll take some cost savings just related to procurement, some back-office stuff, maybe a little bit on the logistics, but we do think we can drive it back into profitability, which will, obviously, help the overall margins.
Robert L. Wagman: I'll answer that question and let Nick take the margin question, Jamie. It is the one exposed to OE the most. We have a little bit of exposure on the KAO side, the accessories side, because we do see that as new car sales are up, we do well on the accessory side. But it's sort of a secondary issue there. But the OE business is the only one that has true cyclicality to the OE production.
Robert L. Wagman: I don't think so, Sam. I don't think – we like total losses because that's where we get our inventory from as well. So there's still 82% of the cars that are in accidents are getting repaired. So I see that as a wash actually. Although fewer cars are being repaired, but they tend to be older cars is what CCC is telling us. So they are totaling an older car, which makes sense because the average model year is up to 11.5 model years old. But the SAAR rate is much more important to us, getting new cars into the system, because the new car is going to be fully insured. And that's why I'm pretty bullish on 2017. We're getting these 1- to 3-year cars out of warranty into our sweet spot. So we'd like to see a strong SAAR rate by far.
Robert L. Wagman: If there's a shift to electric vehicles, that's a little bit more of a problem. If it's going to be more diesel, that's actually a positive. Diesel engines sell for far more than what we get for a gas engine actually, so depending on where it goes. I was actually in China last week, and they're having similar initiatives over there as well. But nobody seemed concerned about it, the people we talked to. So it's a long tail as you said.
Robert L. Wagman: Nate, when I look at some of the normal weather conditions, as I said, we're getting cars starting to come into that sweet spot. There's a lot of macro good tailwinds for us in terms of miles driven. The late model car park for our KAO business, normal winter will certainly spur our glass business as well. I don't see any major headwinds that could impact that other than another mild winter. And on top of easy comps, as you said. It just feels like there's enough positive tailwinds behind us that are going to make 2017 look like 2013.
Robert L. Wagman: The only thing that we've heard from our customers interestingly enough is that they're having a hard time hiring technicians. And just getting the work out the door has been a little bit of a challenge for that side of the business, but that they will fix. They will find people to fix the cars. I'm absolutely convinced of that. So, no, nothing underlying that we're hearing from our customer base whatsoever.
Robert L. Wagman: Absolutely. We did mention that we've been trying to buy a better car in anticipation of these newer cars coming into the sweet spot. So, we will be pushing more cars through the system, absolutely. That is our goal. We're in the process of acquiring more property wherever we can to process more vehicles, so that is absolutely a focus as well as introducing new product types. We talked about the number of certified parts continue to go up. We're carrying a much stronger level of those parts as well. So, I think our inventory is going to be well positioned to meet the organic growth needs that we have.
Robert L. Wagman: We don't think so. I've talked to honestly the MSOs quite regularly on their thoughts on that, and they don't believe that technology is not insurmountable for a technician not trained in a dealership environment. So, they are confident, as you can see, by their acquisitions. They continue to acquire companies. They think they're well positioned to be able to handle those repairs. More importantly, I think, is our manufacturers' ability to replicate those parts over in Taiwan, and they're seeing no issues whatsoever acquiring the correct aluminum or the high-strength steel. So, no issues on either side.
Robert L. Wagman: It's about 6%, which includes comp, which are flood losses, tornadoes. So, yeah, the auctions are getting that benefit. Those are cars that don't get repaired because of the floods and hail damage, severe hail damage that totals a car.
Robert L. Wagman: No. There is, however, they've got a unique customer base. So, we're going to look at that on an individual basis, but as it stands right now, we plan at keeping the vast majority open because they have service to different customer to a certain extent, and the brand is so strong. We'll look at that post CMA clearance.
Robert L. Wagman: True to the three quarters, we're actually above the North American growth, and I think that's going to continue, Bret. I think that the volume continues to be strong. The RV sales are up year-over-year. So, as long as that continues, we do expect decent organic growth in that line of business.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah, status quo. Amazon, these are big bulky parts, as you know. They have not shown any desire at this point to stock a lot of that product. So, at this point, our customer base is still very strong, coming direct to us.
Robert L. Wagman: As Nick mentioned in his prepared remarks, our core parts business did well. Where we saw a little bit of softness, Bill, was in the wheel business and the collision cooling business and obviously, a little bit of paint that's tied to the collision itself. Soothe mechanical side of the business did okay and the salvage side of the business.
Robert L. Wagman: No, not at all, Jason. The OEs are still doing the same things they've done and haven't increased their price matching programs whatsoever. It's interesting on the – you can talk about competition. We are obviously active acquirers in the business, and we obviously get to see financials, and we're seeing the industry struggle. They don't seem to be taking market share from anybody, our competition, so from the financials we've seen.
Robert L. Wagman: That's definitely a part of it. There is certainly some economic uncertainty out there with the elections going on. That's for sure. Yes, when the car is drivable, the consumer can elect to pocket that check that they get from their insurance company. It is interesting when we've done our channel checks on that, Jason. The insurance companies never know if the car actually got repaired. It's pretty interesting. When they write a check to a third party, that customer can repair the car or obviously take the money. They would not know unless there was a supplement. In other words, they wrote an estimate for $1,000, ship said they need $1,200, then they would know obviously because they have to write an additional check, but the vast majority of the time, the insurance company doesn't even know if the car got repaired.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah, still very pleased with our collision growth there, double digits. They too had a mild winter, and it's also been similar to the United States, an influx of new car. Registrations are up dramatically in the UK, so they're getting a little bit of headwind from the new car, again, that it tends to get new parts. They are also coming out of that in the next year, so we do expect the tailwind to start to emerge with the car part getting a little more in the sweet spot. So, same number of insurance companies in our program, very consistently happy with the results we've been delivering, and no one has been turning their backs on us in terms of stopping the program. So, we are starting our initial – just an update on the continent. We've talked about bringing the collision parts to the continent. We are just starting our initial talks with some of the Netherlands insurance companies to start bringing collision parts into that market as well. So, we anticipate 2017 being a launching of that program as well.
Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today. We look forward to updating you on our Q4 results and the 2017 guidance on our next call in February. Have a good day, everybody. Thank you.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. Ben, this is Nick. Think about the map of the United States. I'm going to give you some names of the states where claim volume was down year-over-year: Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Connecticut, New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, and Indiana. The only big states missing there in that swath are New Jersey and Illinois. New Jersey was up 0.5% and Illinois was up 0.2%. So, that whole Northeast and Midwest section of the country just has lower claim volumes.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah, just to be clear, Ben, that business was sold. It basically went into receivership, and we bought it basically through a prepackaged bankruptcy process to give you the U.S. analogy, if you will. So, obviously, the performance of the business was headed down by the time we got the assets. We do think there is an ability, by adequately stocking their warehouses and their stores, to actually drive revenue back north to where it was pre their financial issues .
Dominick P. Zarcone: So, the salvage business or the recycling business, Craig, is roughly a 50/50 split. The aftermarket business is almost wholly collision-focused. So, when you look at it in its entirety, out of our total revenue on a consolidated global basis, slightly less than 30% of our revenue is collision-based.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Well, we were at 36.2% in the quarter. Last quarter, we're at 37.4%. Some of that is just seasonal differences, Craig. So, gross margins, you figure – with the addition of Rhiag, I think I mentioned in my comments, Rhiag was at around 33.5% gross margin, so that's what's pulling it down from historical levels. We would hope to get a 1% or 2% from procurement over time. That's a hard process. The vendors are not anxious to just give us big discounts. But we're working at it very hard. John and his team over in London, they've got a dedicated group that's focused on nothing but trying to execute a pan-European procurement program.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah, Jamie, unfortunately, with the hold separate (42:54), we can't really dig into the locations at this point. So, initially, our focus will be on purchasing, logistics, and the back-office functions.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. Jamie, this is Nick. As you can imagine, the gross margin profiles of the aftermarket business and the OE business are very different. Operating costs are as well, since there's no real distribution and selling expense related to the OE business. But order of magnitude, the ARG gross margins are well north of 30%, where the OE margins are in the mid-teens.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah, we got benefit from both. The pricing was slightly more than the volume impact. That doesn't mean we were necessarily increasing prices across the board, Sam. As I mentioned I think last quarter, a good portion of the price increase comes from just selling a newer part and the mix shift as to what parts we're selling. And so it may come across and looking like we're taking prices up, but it just has to do with that we're selling a slightly more expensive part. But again slightly more than half of the growth was price related.
Dominick P. Zarcone: And, Nate, one other thing is even if there were more cars headed into dealer collision repair shops, that doesn't mean that there is more OE parts because the insurance companies are still mandating which parts are going to be used. Just the week before last, I was – spent the day with customers out in the field, including dealers, and they basically have said that they don't have the ability to select the parts being used. The insurance companies are driving it all. So, it doesn't make a difference where the repair is being held and done. The choice of parts selection is still being driven by the insurance companies.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah, Bill. Thanks for asking the question. The FX is likely going to hit us for $0.01, maybe slightly more than $0.01. We think that scrap is going to hit us for at least $0.005, maybe a little bit more. As I mentioned, Andrew Page will likely hit us for close to a $0.015, and that's really the sum and substance of the slight tweaks to the guidance.
Dominick P. Zarcone: And before we wrap up the call, I just want to make one thing clear because there was some analyst who put out notes this morning before the call with the implication that the change on the accounting standard, the benefit of lower tax rates got rolled into our adjusted EPS. That's incorrect. Adjusted EPS of $0.45 excludes the benefit, excludes the benefit of the adoption of the new accounting standard. So, if we had let it just roll through, we would have reported $0.47. Likewise, our guidance for the year excludes the benefit of the new accounting standard.
