Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Rick, for that financial overview. In closing, the second quarter was another solid performance for team LKQ. I am beyond proud of the results we delivered for the first half of the year, particularly how the teams are diligently planning and positioning their respective businesses for the balance of 2023 as we continue to be challenged by certain uncontrollable dynamics. As we move into the second half of the year, let me restate our key strategic pillars, which remain central to our culture and our objectives. First, we will continue to integrate our businesses and simplify our operating model. Second, we will continue to focus on profitable revenue growth and sustainable margin expansion. Third, we will continue to drive high levels of cash flow, which in turn will give us the flexibility to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy. And fourth, we will continue to invest in our future. As always, I want to thank the over 46,000 people who work at LKQ for all they do to advance our business each day and for driving our missions and our delivers values forward regardless of the challenges. And with that, operator, we are now ready to open the call to questions.
Nick Zarcone: Sure. I’ll take that. Obviously, we are delighted by the movement State Farm is making in terms of utilizing our high-quality aftermarket parts, new pair of policyholders vehicles. You’re correct. We previously mentioned that the upside from headlights, tail lights and bumper covers was about $70 million to $100 million on an annual basis once everything gets up and running. We are tracking toward that number. So quite frankly, probably towards the midpoint as there appears to be a little bit of cannibalization on the salvage side in addition to the significant cannibalization on the OEM parts side. These three-part types represent the highest volume of aftermarket parts as almost every collision requires the replacement of lights and bumper covers. If you think about three equal sized baskets, Scott, of lighting, bumpers and everything else, adding everything else to the bucket would add another 50% or so to our original estimate, which would push you towards somewhere in the $125 million to $150 million on an annual basis over time. Now that’s probably a little bit higher than some preliminary guesstimates that some of you have had likely due to the fact that State Farm will only use CAPA-certified parts. And CAPA parts only represent about $1 billion of our overall aftermarket sales. When you add on top of that, that the $1 billion includes chrome bumpers, basically bumpers for pickup trucks that State Farm has been using for the last several years. So if you apply, roughly there is 16% to 17% market share on that lower base, you get back to that $125 million to $150 million on an annual basis of incremental revenue over time. So that’s the number that we’re comfortable with right now. I would also say that, that’s a very nice revenue pickup. And because there is a limited amount of required SG&A to deliver all those incremental parts, we think there will be really good margins on that incremental State Farm business.
Nick Zarcone: No. That’s all in. Again, everything else is about third of the bucket lights are about third and bumper covers or about third.
Nick Zarcone: I wouldn’t say countercyclical, Scott. I mean the reality is the economies in Europe are in much worse shape than the U.S. economy. If you just look at some of the published statistics, Germany is in a recession, they have had two quarters now of negative GDP growth. The UK is probably the worst off of any of the economies, the impact of the war, the impact of energy prices inflation. While inflation has come down a bit in the U.S., inflation is hanging pretty high over in Europe. And quite frankly, that’s having an impact on the consumer. The fact that we are continuing to grow our business, both from a volume perspective and a price perspective tells us that while may not be countercyclical, we are more than holding our own as it relates to the overall economic backdrop in Europe. Again, good growth, we are highly confident that what this means is, over time the car park is going to age. And if you talk to anybody in our business, an older car is our friend. So, we think that longer term, these soft economic conditions in Europe will actually bode to our favor.
Nick Zarcone: Yes. So, as we outlined back in late February when we announced the transaction, Bret, we are highly confident that there is $55 million of cost synergies that we will be able to get our hands on over the first kind of 3 years post-transaction. Most of that will come in the second year with only a few of those dollars needing a full 3 years to access. We are going to start the process just as soon as we can and trying to deliver the synergies very quickly. And again, there is facility savings. There are some procurement benefits and kind of all the corporate overhead and the like that we don’t need. And so nothing has changed from the presentation that we gave everybody back on February 27th, 28th, when we announced the transaction. Again, we are highly confident in our ability to do that. Obviously, much of the synergies are going to come in the U.S. That’s where the FinishMaster operations and our paint operations overlap. That’s where a lot of the synergies come from. We have no plans on eliminating, changing or shutting down facilities up in Canada because we don’t do what they do in Canada today, right. They are distributing small mechanical parts. That’s the business that we have over in Europe. We do think that there will be benefits, revenue benefits that we can glean by broadening out their product line, giving them some incremental inventory to cover all car types that are used up in Canada by giving them some capital to grow their business. But none of that is included in the $55 million of benefits that we outlined when we announced the transaction.
Nick Zarcone: Leadtech, yes, so we love our services business. The reality is it’s growing about 25% a year, which is obviously significantly higher than any of our other businesses, and it has really strong margins. And so we are very, very happy about that. I mean if you look at some industry data, about 75% of all repairs at the MSOs are scanning the car for some of that technology. And about 18% of the repairs actually have some sort of calibration work being done on the vehicles. Now the 18% may sound low, but you got to remember that there is only a – today, there is only a small portion of the car park that has all the technology on it. Average price of a scan is running about $140. Average price of the calibration is running close to $400. And so it is a really attractive business. And the market is going to continue to grow because every year, there are simply more cars out on the roads with some of that more advanced technology on the car. That’s where we got into the business several years ago. We have created what we believe is a market-leading offering, providing a high level of service to our existing customers. By providing some of those services actually in their shops, and we are optimistic about the future.
Nick Zarcone: Yes. So, it’s – we are not predicting that we are at the bottom yet. The reality, it’s been a rough couple of quarters for our specialty business. We have not seen a catalyst that that’s going to turn quickly. Obviously, as we start to get into 2024, we have got better, easier comps that we will be working against. And so the numbers from a growth perspective may not look as soft, but from an absolute dollar perspective, we are not anticipating a significant uptick. The good news is they did some restructuring earlier in the year. They are going aggressively at their cost structure. And so the month of June, they were actually back to double-digit margins even though they weren’t there for the quarter. And so I would suggest that margins in and around the 10% range. It’s something that we are striving to achieve even though the revenues may be challenged now for several more quarters.
Nick Zarcone: As Rick indicated, a lot of the focus came on SG&A. We – of the 70 basis point improvement, I think we split 20 basis points in gross margin and 50 basis points in SG&A. So, taking a really hard look across all of our platforms to make sure that we are doing the best job possible to control our overhead expenses. Now, when you have 9.8% per day organic revenue growth, that helps. But make no mistake, Gary, the inflationary environment, as I indicated over in Europe, is much more intense than it is here in the U.S. And so they have needed productivity gains to offset a lot of that increase and allow us to actually get to a lower SG&A percent as it relates compared to revenues. Rick did indicate that we have got some wage inflation coming at us in Europe in the second half of the year. We know that already. Certain other countries, particularly the Netherlands has another wage increase coming at them. We experienced already a couple of days strike in Germany as the unions over there and the work consoles have their members to use short-term strikes to try and position for better wages. And so those are all things we are going to have to deal with in the second half of the year.
Nick Zarcone: Yes. North America, more than half of the year-over-year growth of volume, which is really good to see. Obviously, a lot of that has to do with the aftermarket volume, as we talked about, having the inventory in stock, getting the fulfillment rates up, the State Farm program, all that leads to higher volumes. And the OEs, they have kept – generally kept their prices steady. They certainly haven’t dropped prices. And we don’t think that they will. They have never shown a propensity to lower prices, if you will. I mean there was a period of time where they didn’t increase prices for quite a bit. And then they started like everyone else, with inflation and everything else, we are taking some prices up. And so we did – we follow their tracks. So, our expectation is that they are going to keep pricing pretty moderate here going forward, and we will just continue to sell it at a discount to the OE list as we have done forever. People shouldn’t anticipate any significant movement on behalf of the OEs or that having an impact on our pricing.
Nick Zarcone: Well, I would certainly like to thank everyone for your time and your attention this morning. Again, we are very proud of the Q2 results that we were able to report earlier today, and we are looking forward, obviously, to the back half of the year. We certainly look forward to chatting with you again in late October when we announce our third quarter results. And until then, I hope you all have a wonderful fun into your summer. Thank you everyone.
Rick Galloway: The pilot, Scott, won’t mean much for us as a product to the pilot. So we’re – the numbers that Nick just quoted are assuming they go live at some point in time.
Rick Galloway: Yes, it’s a good question. Thanks – Craig, thanks for the question. Fulfillment rates are back to the mid-90s, which is kind of our target, as we have kind of talked in the past, we were low-90s when we think about where we were just a year ago in Q2, actually, we are in high-80s as I am looking at the numbers, and so we have got about 5 points of improvement. As far as quantification, the difficulty in doing that is that it’s a bit of a mixed bag. So, I would hate to quote what the overall benefit was as far as dollars go. As there is a little bit of a movement, and we have talked about this before between the salvage side and the aftermarket. So, there has been a little bit of a flip. So, when some of the volume went away from aftermarket when the availability wasn’t there, it went over to salvage. It’s kind of gone back the other way. So, we are happy with where we are at. We don’t think we need to go much more of where we are at as we are continuing to balance the free cash flow impacts of holding the additional inventories.
Rick Galloway: Yes. I think were minor improvements, but nothing that’s going to be meaningful for us at this time. I mean we are back to not quite where we were pre-pandemic, but I mean it’s really, really close.
Rick Galloway: Yes. So, if you look at the overall pieces that we have got, the trade working capital for us has been a nice improvement. We continue to see a nice improvement. We saw a really good improvement within Q2 as well. And then the earnings side is the other side of it. So, we are really happy with where we ended up in Q2. Overall, trade working capital improved roughly a little less than $180 million, and we expect to continue to drive that throughout the rest of the year.
Rick Galloway: The metals will be an impact. But you are right, on the interest side – on the taxes side, those will be avoided. But the metals impact, you should feather that in.
Rick Galloway: Yes, exactly. And it’s roughly the same, Gary. I mean it’s minimal as far as the difference go on the EBITDA side.
Rick Galloway: Yes. Thanks for the question, Daniel. It’s a combination of several different things. One is productivity initiatives have been something that we focused on for a while that are helping to offset any of the risks we are seeing on the pricing side. The other thing is that competition, we believe has a decent amount of inventory and has been pretty good about holding pricing. So, we haven’t been looking at a drop in the pricing piece as we were kind of expecting earlier. And as you heard in the prepared remarks, as we think about the back half of the year, there is a little bit more seasonality than anything else and kind of pulling away from the idea of how bad – how low could the margins go relative to where they are at right now. We are just not seeing it. So, I think productivity is one of the biggest things that is offsetting that. And we are continuing to drive it. So, we think we will end up in the low-19s for the full year number as we are coming into the back half of the year.
