Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, Nick. To summarize, I am proud of the momentum we have created with our Q1 performance, our recently completed strategic acquisitions and our recent financings. Combined these achievements position LKQ well to deliver another year of organic and acquisition-related revenue growth in 2016 that has us now annualizing in excess of $10 billion of revenue. Obviously, we can't predict weather patterns, so we remain focused on the things we can control, which include continuing to offer an attractive value proposition to our insurance carrier partners, maintaining and increasing our industry leading fulfillment rates and providing superior and responsive customer service to the professional vehicle repair and supply businesses we serve, all supported by a highly effective and unmatched alternative parts distribution network in North America. And most importantly, I believe we have a stellar team of 35,000 plus fellow employees dedicated to carrying on our mission globally, and I want to thank each and every one of them for their collective efforts. Devon, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Robert L. Wagman: Hey, Bret. We're still taking market share for sure. And what I'm most excited about is we still haven't introduced our other product lines, being used, re-man to a (34:55) great extent. So, there's still opportunity there as well, but we believe we're taking market share. A little bit of a headwind there actually with the strong SAAR rate. We have to wait for those cars obviously to get into the independent aftermarket. So, we're very pleased with that number, it is very strong and we expect it to continue.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah. We can't share who they were, but they are locked in for future models. And as far as capacity, we do have the capacity to continue to take on new accounts. So that's not going to be a problem.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah, I think the downturn in scrap, Ben, allowed us to buy a better car for less money and that's what's really driving the revenue there. We're putting better cars through the system and they are plentiful. So long term, scrap has ticked up slightly finally, so it seems to have bottomed out nicely. So we plan on continuing to buy aggressively in that line of business. Business has been very good there.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah, absolutely. When we look at Q1, it was really a tale of two countries. We meet with CCC regularly, and they gave us some stats on the Northeast and the Mid-West being down and the number of – accident frequency and that was not the case in the Southwest and the West. And we actually had a strong double digit organic growth in both of those markets. So we do expect – I did see an ad by Caliber Collision that they are booked through September for collision repair. So, we do expect some nice tailwinds coming out of that market.
Robert L. Wagman: Just to add one more thing to that – what Nick said. The auctions and I think as a result of some of the flooding that's happened on the Houston and the hailstorm, we expect the auctions to be very healthy here for a while.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah, as far as the warehousing goes, Jamie, no changes there whatsoever, the racking is identical. But you are correct. The trucks are different. They have a different handling capability. What our plan would be to do is, we start integrating those businesses, and as trucks retire, we're retiring almost 600 trucks a year, we're replacing because of our large fleet. Those will be retrofitted appropriately to carry both glass and salvage. So, we don't see it being a major hindrance given the timeframe we have to integrate the businesses first.
Robert L. Wagman: We do know Craig that, we're going to have a lot more capacity of the store products. We run at about a 98% fill rate today. What we think we'll be able to do though is rather than having, in some cases, where we have limited, much limited supply in the field, will be able to put more in the field because of these regional hubs we're developing as well. So, we will have a lot better ability to backfill quickly. So, we do think our speed to market will be quicker, as a result. And of course, just with the automation, we do expect a lot more efficiencies as well, both in terms of pulling quicker and getting to our customers even quicker as well.
Robert L. Wagman: And just one follow-up to what Nick said, Craig. Even though we've only been with PGW a week, we've already put their transportation guys with our transportation guys and we're working on ocean freight to leverage that. So, We're quickly already addressing that with the new acquisitions.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. If I rank them both, I would say, Roadnet's got the bigger impact for a couple of reasons. One, we can just be so much more confident with our customers as to when their products are going to be there. The route optimization is just incredible and how they route the drivers. For example, one thing it tries to do is take more right turns than left turns. So you can turn right on red as oppose to crossing traffic when you have to turn left. Those little efficiencies add up dramatically and the effect of ultimately probably putting fewer trucks on the road with better service is really going to have an impact on our customer base. As far as the sales KPIs, Tony, we're looking at total clock time, sitting with our reps, I think – and coaching, just pure coaching that we're doing and monitoring the outbound calls more effectively. I think the net effect of that is better customer service, you're absolutely right. We'll have better contact with our customers, more time on the phone with our customers and really become that vendor of choice as a result because we'll be so much more responsive to their requests and needs. So, that's moving full steam ahead. Back to the route optimization I mentioned in my prepared remarks, with 65% rolled out. We expect to have that 100% rolled out by the end of this year. So, I think the combination of the two, where we'll provide better customer service on the phone and then better customer service on the delivery end, really will raise the bar significantly on our customer service levels, so both are equally important.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah, I think the biggest factor on return rate is cars totaling after the estimate's repaired – an estimate's written and the parts are ordered, or the customer never shows up. They say they're coming in on Tuesday, and they don't bring the car in. I think that's a bigger factor. However, obviously getting the part – making sure the customer is ordering the right part and our rep is making sure they are writing up the right part is critical. We do expect some improvement in return rates, in terms of getting the right part on the truck. But again, there's so many other factors that affect return rates that I don't think it's going to be a huge diminishment in the return rates.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah. On the aftermarket side of the glass, Tony, obviously winter weather is good for them, with salts, and – causing stone chips and rock chips. So a little bit of seasonality in the winter as well.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, everyone, for your time today. And we look forward to speaking with you in July, when we report our 2016 Q2 results. Have a great day.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Ben, this is Nick. Good morning. The $93 was the average for the quarter. Actually, as we came to the end of the quarter, was up a little bit, so we're kind of sitting right at around triple digits, which is great to be out of double digits, if you will. And so, that's really what's embedded in the guidance. Again, it's up a little bit which is good, but it's not up meaningful enough to really drive any sort of EPS accretion or...
Dominick P. Zarcone: Absolutely, no change in the longer term tailwinds, Nate. We feel very good about what's happening to the car park. The age of the car park. The number of miles driven. The distractions on the road. I mean, all that is absolutely no change from our perspective. As Rob noted, there are parts of the countries that had a soft winter, particularly the Northeast, Mid-West and importantly Canada, which Rob didn't mention. The shops did not have a big backlog in April. But by the time you hit May and June, all that's flushed through the system and it shouldn't be an issue.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Nate, this is Nick. Yes, actually $0.03 is our estimate. We've quantified that I think in past calls of about $13 million of total expense. As noted in my comments a bit earlier, it was about $1.8 million for the first quarter. So we still have the better part of $11 million of costs related to the T2 facility to absorb in the back three quarters of the year. And so that will be a slightly larger kind of weight that we need to bear as relates to facility cost. Again the two new facilities from the Specialty segment that we introduced in Q4 of last year, those are, as Rob indicated, fully up and running. The impact of that expense should begin to moderate a little bit. And we have kind of rearranged some of our people as to where they are hitting on the P&L. Rob talked about the change in the sales structure. That meant there was also a change in our operating structure as well. And so, there's a little bit of cost that was moving out of actually selling expense and up into facilities and warehousing expense.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Well, again, there will be no kind of distribution synergies coming out of Rhiag, because they operate in geographies where we don't operate today. So we're not going to be consolidating warehouses or distribution routes and the like. They're going to operate as they have operated. It's going to take us a little bit of time on PGW. The only natural synergies will be in their aftermarket business where they have 120 locations around the country, we have 300 locations. We do believe that over time, there will be the ability to combine some of those operations and the like but you shouldn't see anything on that front near-term.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. The best that we have right now, Nate, is what we provided back when we announced the transactions in December and in late February. Again, we're just working through the opening balance sheet on Rhiag, that will probably. We still have some valuation work that we have outside experts helping us with as to how much the excess purchase price over book value is going to go to goodwill versus amortized assets, and that relates to both transactions. So, we'll come back and provide a better estimate, once we have some of that work done.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah, Jamie. This is Nick. We're not anticipating a major pickup in – or a benefit on the cost of goods sold line. Again, the Manheim index is down a little bit, which ultimately helped us at the auctions a little bit. That said we are buying a newer car. You would have noticed that the average cost of the vehicle that we're buying was actually up, I think was about 9% in Q1 relative to last year. Now, our goal is to get more parts dollars off the car. And actually what we've been very consistent over the last several years in mentioning, as we've started to move towards buying a newer vehicle, while the gross margin dollars that we can get off that car go up, actually the gross margin percentage actually comes down a little bit. So there's probably going to be a little bit of a yin and a yang. We're not anticipating a major movement either way as it relates to our salvage cost of goods sold.
Dominick P. Zarcone: The near term, the inventory will go up a bit, Craig, only because we're going to be filling that warehouse while we will still have inventory in the two warehouses that we'll ultimately shut down. That's more of a timing issue. Ultimately it'll work through the system. The inventory may go up a bit but it's not going to be a wholesale change. The key of what the large national distribution facilities allow us to do is that's where some of the longer dated inventory is held, and being able to have that and get it to our branches when needed quickly and through some of the automated picking processes and alike, that's the real benefit of that. So near-term inventory will go up a little bit as we're working through the transition going from four facilities down to two facilities because you need to have inventory ready for the customer but longer term, there shouldn't be a major impact.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Again, we'll report that really as we go. When we were in New York last month for the Investor Day, Justin Jude had mentioned tens of millions of dollars. Ultimately on a run rate basis, we're not going to get there, Craig, here in 2016. Again on the non-inventory related purchasing, again, we were at $400,000 in the first quarter, that will probably double in the coming quarters. So there will be, I don't know, $2.5 million to $3 million potential savings rolling through in 2016 related to things like logistics and our telecom and our corrugate and supplies buying and office supplies and all that kind of activity. The real key will come in from actually the aftermarket product that we procure from Taiwan. Again, we're just beginning to buy some of that at new pricing. Some of it's going to be based on demand that we have for those parts, as to how much we need to buy and the ability to make sure we retain the savings in-house, as opposed to passing any of that along to our customers. So, we'll be able to document that on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. The Rhiag business is pretty consistent with our other European businesses. It tends to slow down a little bit around the holidays if you will. The glass business, the fourth quarter tends to turn down a little bit as well. Some of the OE is going to shut down around the holidays and the like. And so it's not a perfect spread of 25% a quarter across the year, if you will. So there are some gives and takes.
Dominick P. Zarcone: No. Nothing, Bill. I mean the increase in our guidance is basically $0.17 a share. That's the exact same $0.17 that collectively we announced when we chatted about those transactions in December and February respectively, again picking up $0.11 from the Rhiag acquisition and $0.06 from the PGW transaction. When you think about how that gets spread for the quarters, obviously, the second quarter is going to have the smallest impact because while we have three months of Rhiag, we only have two months of PGW. So you probably want to think about that as maybe being a nickel of the $0.17. Then Q3 and Q4 would suggest about $0.06 a piece against – it may be $0.065 in Q3 and $0.055 in Q4 just because of the seasonality, some of the seasonality that we just talked about. But again, the $0.17 increase in our guidance is exactly consistent with what we've previously announced for the two transactions. And on – what we saw in Q1 even though they weren't on our ledger, if you will, they're tracking the plan which is good.
Dominick P. Zarcone: I don't have that at my fingertips. For the first quarter, our interest cost was running at about 3.8% on a total blended basis with all the fees and everything else. And we've got about $3.4 billion of debt, roughly probably $100 million, when you do that math.
