Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah, Ben. This is Nick. We anticipate that North American organic will be in that 4% to 6% range, with a chance of being kind of north of the midpoint. We've had a great fourth quarter where we posted a 5% organic. I think it's important to recognize that our core products, think about our salvage products and our Keystone aftermarket products, the new products in a box, if you will, they were actually up north of 6% in the quarter. We are still feeling some softness in a couple of product categories. Paint was up only 1%. The good news there is that's the first quarter in the last five quarters where paint actually had a positive growth rate. And then wheels and cooling our still a little bit on the negative side. So net-net, we're feeling good about North American organic and so we basically included a kind of a 4% to 6% range into the overall guidance.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah, Jamie, we're expecting the margins in North America to tick up just a bit, but we are investing heavily into the business because we think there's great growth prospects for many years in the North American business, some of that goes directly to the uptick in capital spending that we noted. CapEx in North America is going to be up the better part of $65 million to $70 million. Some of that relates to some IT initiatives, but the bulk of it is really expanding our capacity within our salvage and aftermarket infrastructure. You can only push so many cars through a salvage facility before you have to get more land to expand your processing capabilities and the like, because the alternative to actually run more cars through the facility is to increase the cycle time, which means the cars are sitting out in the yards for a fewer number of days and you end up crushing a bunch of great parts that otherwise could be sold. So we're investing into the North American business and you can see that in our capital spending plans. We do think that we still have some room to go on some of our productivity initiatives. We are largely through the benefits, but there's a little bit of extra room, things like our Roadnet and our procurement and other kind of spending initiatives, if you will.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Good morning, Craig and thanks for the call. Yeah, we are excited about the T2 project. It's operating well. It came in from a cost perspective right on-time, it's ramping up pretty much as anticipated, if you will. Once we get these other two facilities closed and totally rationalized, we will begin to fully get the benefit. So yes, we're going to pick-up a couple cents a share in 2018 of those duplicative cost, and by 2019, we should be pretty well through and – kind of that what you would call the duplicative cost. And in 2020, we'll be generating some really – really good returns for us. You
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. Our expectation is by the end of 2018 the Andrew Page operation will be breakeven. Obviously, our goal is to get it actually into profitability. And so by 2019, we will collect the entirety of the $0.03 loss that we incurred this year.
Dominick P. Zarcone: So, I'll start Bret, the purchasing savings that we're seeing roll through are largely coming out of the initiatives that we started post the Rhiag acquisition back in mid-2016. We are getting a good response and good support from our vendor partners, if you will, and those savings are accruing. We haven't really started anything of note as relate with our – with respect to Mekonomen, but we will begin some programs there, as they announced, in 2018 which should benefit both organizations. Obviously, we anticipate another kind of step up in procurement benefits once we are able to close and begin to integrate the Stahlgruber team because they bring $1.6 billion of incremental revenue and probably close to €1 billion of incremental procurement to the overall LKQ Europe network. And we will be working collectively with the Stahlgruber team, and again with our vendor partners to try and really get the benefits of being the largest procurer of aftermarket parts in Europe by a wide margin. As it relates to integration of kind of back office and items related to the Stahlgruber transaction, that's something that will take much longer to participate. Our goal just as it has been with ECP, Sator and Rhiag is not to disrupt the day to day management and the customer interface because this is very much a local business, even though we have a global platform, the daily activities are local, and we want to make sure we keep our service commitments to our local customer base. Having said that over time, we do have plans, broader plans to do some integration as it relates to broader kind of corporate services. One of the things we need to do to make that happen, though, is to kind of normalize the IT systems. Right now, most of our European operations operate on different IT systems. So, we noted in the call that we're going to be spending more money on IT in 2018 than ever before, and part of that is to begin the journey and it is a multi-year journey ultimately to bring our European operations to a common platform.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. So, Michael thanks for your question. As we've been mentioning for some time now, we do think that the European business can get into kind of the double digit EBITDA territory over the next few years. Now obviously, when you layer out €1.6 billion of revenue from Stahlgruber, which, as we disclosed back in December, was running on a 8% margin, that will have a net negative impact a bit just from a mix perspective. But again, think about the next two to three years. We think we can get the entire complex back to a 10% margin.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Good morning, John. This is Nick. Yes, so like in Europe, all of our major acquisitions came to us with completely different ERP systems. And ultimately to get the true efficiency out of the combined network, we need to migrate to a single system. Now, that's probably a five-year process, because you can't take all the various systems and convert it in a year. So, we are in the middle of making a decision as to a single ERP platform for our European operations. That is a major decision. That play out will happen, like I said, probably over the next five years as we will migrate all of our operations to a common platform and that is a very large project. It's tens of millions of dollars, it's not a couple million dollars. It's tens of millions of dollars to make that happen. In North America, we've been operating off of the same platforms for quite some time. So we're running the business today with basically the same IT infrastructure as we're running back when it was $1 billion business. And so we will again upgrade over the next couple of years to a larger common ERP platform. Currently, we run different platforms for our salvage in our aftermarket businesses and we will likely migrate that to a single platform. Again those are – that's a really big project, it's not a – again tens of millions as opposed to millions.
Dominick P. Zarcone: So last year when we were holding this call here in late February, it was 72 degrees in Chicago, this morning, I think it's 29 degrees. So clearly Mother Nature has returned with a more normalized winter. Precipitation levels in the traditional snow states is up from last year, and so we're seeing good demand just as we saw in the fourth quarter. We think that that level of demand will pull through into the early parts here of 2018, and that should set us up well for the entire year just as the 2016 and 2017 lack of winters kind of stuck with us for the better part of the year. We think 2018 is going to be back to a more normal pace, if you will, and overall the tone feels good.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. So there's no doubt that the Eastern Bloc countries have the highest organic growth, and part of that just has to do with the growing car park, the larger number of vehicles actually in the countries and the fact that their cars are really old. On average, Eastern Europe autos are about 14.5 years old, and those are cars that need a lot of repair parts and the parts that we provide. And so you've got a growing market and that is resulting, taken as a whole, in double digit organic growth for us. And as a percentage of European revenue, the Eastern Bloc is in that probably the 20% to 22%, 23% range of our total European revenues. So as that continues to grow at a faster pace, obviously that will help the overall organic growth for Europe. The rest of Europe is – the Western Europe is obviously grows at a lower rate. We've been messaging for some time that ultimately the 6%, 7% to 8% growth that we had historically experienced at ECP was going to slow a bit. I think that's going to be the case. When we've – since the time we bought the ECP, we've expanded the branch network from 89 to over 300 when you include Andrew Page. So, we're pretty much done putting new dots on the map at ECP, which obviously the new branch has contributed to organic growth there. But again, we still think they're going to grow at significantly above the overall rate in the UK, and then Sator and the Western European parts of Rhiag again will have kind of probably mid-low to mid-single digit kind of growth rates, if you will. So all in all, you put it together we think Europe's going to be solidly in the 4% to 6% range, it was at just over 5% in 2017, at 5.3%. And so, we're expecting pretty much a continuation in 2018.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Well, again, we think we've had a tremendous fourth quarter and a great 2017. We think the table is set for another great year in 2018. The management team is very excited about the prospects of our company. And again, we've got the better part of 43,000 employees today, more than 49,000 employees once we close Stahlgruber to really make it happen on behalf of our customers each and every day. So we thank you for your time here this morning, and we'll talk to you again in a couple months. Take care.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, no, absolutely. Hey Ben, good morning, it's Varun (42:06). Great question and appreciate it. So in terms of talking about operating expenses, personnel costs essentially in many instances in North America cracked the higher organic activity that we had. So apart from having to recruit more people, having to invest further into our inventory, we also had to pay slightly higher rates. And then on top of that, we had a higher level of medical claims expenses here in North America. Freight for the full year was up 20 basis points, but really kind of muted in the fourth quarter as such. This is again North America specifically. So North America the vast majority of that higher expense really was supporting the higher activity that we experienced as – on the – off the back of the organic growth momentum that was coming through. On the European side, if you think about the Benelux piece as we call that, really two key factors. The first is the one-time piece and it basically is essentially related to costs that get capitalized into inventory and then become part of that inventory cost, it gets offloaded when we sell that inventory, so there was a catch up that took place out there, which essentially – so that was about 70 basis points of the 120 basis points, so the vast majority of that. And then the second one really is – and so I don't expect that to be a structural change, it was more transitory. We don't expect that to be on a go-forward basis. And then the second one is more structural. The remainder of it really is in the Benelux, as we called out last quarter going from a three-step to a two-step model, where we have a higher gross margin rate. But then associated with that, we also have a higher OpEx that comes along with it. The net EBITDA margin is still good for us, and kind of falls within our parameters where we would invest. But there is a structural change and that will continue.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yes. And then just to add to what you just said a few minutes ago. So, Jamie as you think about some of the cost (46:34) a few we know was up through the course of the year. But essentially as part of the investment, in terms of the efficiency programs that we've got underway, call it the Roadnet route optimization piece that Nick referred to, of that matter (46:47) continue to upgrade our fleet to newer and more fuel efficient vehicle, that essentially largely mitigated some of those expenses. Again, there's some smart investments that we continue to make. And then the other piece that I do want to highlight is that when you kind of think about the go-forward margins, the tax reform benefit and the partial reinvestment of $0.05 that we called out, that is largely here for our U.S. domestic teams, so that will flow back into the 2018 margin profile. So just wanted to kind of highlight that.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: And then Nick just to add – Jamie (53:08) I think your second part was about the LKQ Europe, stitching together that piece. So in addition to what Nick said, listen, as you know we have a LKQ Europe CEO, LKQ Europe CFO, a European CIO, things along those lines and that really is the team. It's a small team but that's the one that is continuing to bring together each of these synergy opportunities, be they procurement or cost related. And this way around, our in-market national businesses, they are free to continue to operate and continue to deliver fantastic service to our folks, to our clients out there. But really, it's a small team, headed by John Quinn that essentially is leading the charge on some of these programs with regards to the common ERP for example across the European landscape. Certain other initiatives associated with procurement, the benefit of which we are beginning to see already, big data, single catalog, along those lines.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, so Michael, hey, good morning. It's Varun (56:12). Let me answer that. So listen, as I mentioned in the remarks earlier, given the organic growth in the business and the acceleration of that, specifically here in North America and just to reiterate, going quarter-by-quarter in 2017 here in North America same day was 1.8% in Q1, 2.8% in Q2, 4% in Q3, and 5% in Q4. On the back of that, the last thing that we want to do is to have a stockout scenario. So this was a decision that we actively supported to ensure that we had adequate breadth and depth across our businesses here in North America. The other piece that I do want to highlight is, coming off the hurricanes in Q3, there were favorable buying conditions on our salvage side. So again that was an area that car buying was good and we built up a backlog of just over a week and that's the piece that we're kind of using through, so we're kind of seeing some of that benefit come through in the current quarter also. And then to kind of give you one additional example, and if you think about of the product categories that Nick mentioned earlier with regards to paint for example, that had turned positive in this past quarter, glass is another area where we actually performed really well and that actually contributed to our 5% organic growth rate. And again, within that piece to ensure that we have adequate stock given some of the kind of longer lead times that we see and to ensure we have good fill rates from our suppliers, that was the other area that we ended up investing our inventory. So a couple of those points and then, again these were the kind of main elements. There are other small items as Nick mentioned we called out the Mopar FCA inventory and deal as such. Again that kicks off in 2018. But there was some inventory build on that also. So again if you think about the overall piece of it, we are in a good position. Organic growth has been accelerating and to avoid any kind of stockout scenarios, we certainly want to make sure that we continue to invest.
