Dominick P. Zarcone: Thank you, Varun, for that detailed overview. Considering the results achieved in the third quarter and a detailed review by our operating units with respect to their projected fourth quarter results, we have adjusted our annual guidance on a few of the key financial metrics. With our continued focus on highly profitable revenue, we anticipate our global organic revenue growth from parts and services will likely come down a bit in the fourth quarter. Accordingly, given we are sitting at 5.1% through September, we have tightened the top end of the full-year guidance by 50 basis points and now have a full range of 4.5% to 5% for organic revenue growth. In terms of adjusted earnings per share, we have moved the range to $2.19 on the low end to $2.25 on the high end with a midpoint of $2.22 a share. This reflects both the $0.56 reported for the third quarter and the revised field forecast for the fourth quarter, which historically has always been the softest quarter of the year, reflecting the natural seasonality of our businesses. Importantly, the impact of lower FX rates and metals prices collectively account for approximately $0.04 of the reduction relative to our prior guidance. Those EPS adjustments yield a range for adjusted net income of $690 million to $710 million. As Varun mentioned, we have revised the guidance for cash flow from operations to $610 million to $660 million, largely reflecting the change in earnings and the onetime increase in receivables related to the termination of a special factoring program at STAHLGRUBER. We believe the effective tax rate will be approximately 27.2%, and the guidance assumes current levels as it relates to FX rates and no further deterioration in scrap metals pricing. In closing, I am very proud of the hard work and dedication of our more than 49,000 employees as they have delivered for the company, our stockholders and, most importantly, our customers during the quarter. I am equally proud of our team's efforts to effectively address the headwinds encountered this year. We have made further progress, and while we are not done, I am confident in our team's ability to effectively implement their respective plans. Operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Good morning, Michael, and thanks for the question. So the adjustment to the guidance, $0.07 in total, if you will, $0.04 of that is basically scrap. You saw $0.02 of it hit in the third quarter, the next $0.02 will hit in the fourth quarter. Scrap has fallen from almost $200 a ton at the end of last quarter. Today, it's sitting in the high $150s, if you will, so even well below the third quarter average. So there's very little we can do to offset the impact of scrap metal pricing. The other $0.03 is a combination of things. Some of it has to do with the fact that we are focusing on high margin revenue growth. Every dollar of revenue is not worth the same. And the reality is in an effort to improve our margins, we're more than happy to let some of that incremental revenue go by the wayside if it's at low margins, if you will. Some of it has to do with rising benefit cost. We had a significant uptick in our healthcare expense in the third quarter in North America, if you will. We think that's going to leak into the fourth quarter as well. And then we took some legal reserves and expenses. The focus is and the key, I think, is in the third quarter, as both Varun and I mentioned, gross margins in North America. If you take out the impact of the self-serve business, which is where most of the impact of scrap is, gross margins were up. So we are making progress and climbing back on some of those inflationary operating expenses that have been a cause of concern earlier in the year. So we are making good progress. We think in the fourth quarter, actually, we're going to continue to make progress and the EBITDA margin gap on a year-over-year basis is going to shrink further, if you will. So the programs we have in place, we think, are working. It's just it's going to take a little time.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. So we obviously brought down our CapEx estimate for the year as a whole, and some of that has to do with where we are this year and what people around the globe have spent, if you will. Again, this was a pretty big uptick in capital in 2018 relative to the past years. Next year, obviously, we're going to have STAHLGRUBER in the mix for the entire year, so that will be an incremental amount. But if you think about the non-STAHLGRUBER CapEx probably relative to 2018, probably flat to maybe down a little bit.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. So, again, we anticipate that organic growth in Q4 is going to come in a little bit from where it's been. I mentioned that in the prepared remarks largely because we are absolutely focused on making sure that each incremental revenue dollar has good margin. We do not want to chase low-margin business down the rabbit hole, because at the end of the day, that doesn't do us any good. And the easiest way to drive revenue is to drop your prices. The reality is when you have a market position like we do, which is the largest in all of our global businesses, if you will, we've got the deepest inventory, we think the best logistics and distribution system, the primary way people compete against us is through price and drop in price, and we're being very disciplined not to do that. So, I would expect and we do expect in Q4 that the organic is going to come in a little bit. Recall that last year in Q4 was the best organic growth of the year at 5%. And then going into 2019, again, we think 2019 organic is still going to be very good. Don't get me wrong, it's not going to zero or anything close, okay, but we don't think Q1 of next year is going to be another 7% quarter like it was in 2018.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Sure. Absolutely. After years of questions about State Farm where we've said no new news, there's finally been some new news. While not widely publicized, in September, State Farm reached a settlement agreement in its legal battle against the class action suit that had been going on in the courts for 20 years. The initial lawsuit related to the use of aftermarket parts in the collision repair process. And while that court case was going on over the past 20 years, State Farm largely had not used aftermarket parts in the repair of vehicles for their policyholders. This agreement needs to be finalized by the court, which we understand is going to happen in December of 2018. To our knowledge, State Farm has not made any public statement regarding its intention to reinstate the use of aftermarket parts. But once the lawsuit is out of the way, we would not be surprised if, ultimately, State Farm joins most every other auto insurer and begins to slowly reintroduce the utilization of our high-quality, cost-effective certified aftermarket parts which, by the way, come with a lifetime warranty. While we obviously can't comment as to when or to what extent State Farm may ramp up its use of aftermarket parts, we generally view this as a positive for our industry, as State Farm is the largest insurer in the United States of automobiles with about a 18% share. So, we continue to meet with State Farm on a regular basis. We meet with their leadership to discuss joint business opportunities. And we will certainly let you know during a future quarterly call if there are any material updates, but we view this as a positive.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. So again, as both Varun and I mentioned, if you take out the impact of the self-serve business and basically the scrap hit in the third quarter, our North American EBITDA margins were flat year-over-year. So while in the first quarter they were down substantially, the second quarter a little bit less, during the third quarter, again excluding scrap, they were flat. So we are making that positive progress, if you will. Even with scrap, our expectation is in Q4, North American margins will still be a little bit under 2017 fourth quarter levels, if you will, but again the gap will close even further. And then obviously, as we get into 2019, the year-over-year comps become a little bit easier. So we think we're getting close, Ryan.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. So the reality is the competitive nature over in Europe, with pricing coming really from everybody, because when you're the market leader, that's the easiest way to compete against us is with price, was pretty consistent throughout the quarter. There wasn't a huge uptick or downtick at the end of the quarter. So we are anticipating for Q4 a little bit of an uptick but not a huge uptick in inorganic growth in Europe, if you will. Again, we were at 2% which was below our expectation, below the expectations of our leadership team in Europe. They're working hard to move that up a bit. But again, we're not going to do that at the expense of margins. And we do anticipate that gross margins, EBITDA margins in Europe in the fourth quarter will again continue to nudge up a bit just like they have in the third quarter.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah, great question. The reality is we're seeing pricing pressure, if you will, from our competitors really across the European landscape. It's not just in the UK where Alliance which is owned by GPC or Parts Authority which is owned by Uni-Select operate. It's really across the board, if you will. And part of it is, in general with the warm, really warm summer, I mean, activity was a little bit slower than typical. There's no doubt about that. And I think everybody was scrambling, if you will, to get as much revenue as they could. Again, we're assuming that Q4 is going to be a similar quarter, but we have to wait and see.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Sure, John, and thanks for participating this morning. Look, we're a 20-year-old company now and we've matured a lot. We've got the better part of $12 billion of annualized revenue. And so, we recognize that the days of 26% compounded annual revenue growth like we've had in the last 10 years that it's coming to a close. We're just too big to continue to grow at that pace. We will still be active in terms of corporate development, but we also recognize that we've just completed the largest transaction in the history of the company with STAHLGRUBER at €1.6 billion of revenue. And we need to be laser-focused on making sure that that integration is effective and efficient and we need a little time to digest things. We've got a lot of capital available. We've got great cash flow and, quite frankly, we've got the ability to invest in the growth of the business and repay some debt and have some capital available to give back to our shareholders. And in chatting with the board, it just felt like we were approaching the time to be a bit more balanced in our capital allocation strategy. Certainly with the stock at these levels, which in terms of your estimates, the analyst estimates for 2019, we're trading below 9 times EBITDA and below 11 times adjusted earnings per share. These are historically low multiples and creating an attractive opportunity to buy some shares. So when you take everything into consideration, the board just felt this was the right time and the right price level to introduce the share repurchase program, if you will. The addition of the new directors, terrific. We had one director, Paul Meister, had been with us for the better part of 17 years, roll off in May. We went through a very detailed search process. We didn't get to the right folks in time to include them in the 2018 proxy, and so they got added in August and, quite frankly, these are three absolutely terrific people. They're going to add a lot to the board. And so we were fine given their talent to expand the board from what was 10 to 12. And we're going to continue to keep our eyes open again for always to be on the search for good talent, whether that's at the management level or at the board level. So no real changes there.
Dominick P. Zarcone: No, we don't think it's one-time. We would expect that Q4, based on the run rate of activity coming out of Q3, that Q4 is going to be pretty strong as well. Probably not going to be 8%, but it's going to be – it should be pretty healthy. It's a combination of things. You can't put your finger on just one thing. Is it the fact that truck and SUV sales have been very high now for sustained period of time? That ultimately feeds into it, kind of the RV marketplace being very strong, again, a good portion of the revenue from Specialty goes into the RV marketplace. Some of it is just the day-to-day tackling that the team is doing, some of these new exclusive relationships that we have are helping, if you will. So it's a lot of things. I would not suggest that people should model 8% growth for Specialty in 2019 because the industry isn't growing anywhere near that capacity or near that rate. But, again, we do think it's going to be a pretty good Q4 and we're optimistic about next year.
Dominick P. Zarcone: And as it relates to the second part which is kind of the overall size of the aftermarket business, as we always disclose in our standard slides, there's a pie chart in there, if you take kind of 2017, 2018, you kind of annualize STAHLGRUBER for a full year, the North American aftermarket business is somewhere around 21%, 22% of our consolidated revenues, if you will, so somewhere north of a $3.5 billion business.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Well, we know we ran a little bit late here, but we wanted to make sure we had a chance to get most of the questions out on the table, so we appreciate everybody hanging in there. Again, we thank you very much for your time and attention. Again, we think this was a very good quarter for us. We saw very good revenue growth in our businesses. The European margins are up, the Specialty margins are up. Again excluding scrap, the North American margins were flat on a year-over-year basis. We do have headwinds coming at us from scrap in Q4. Again, that's $0.04 between Q3 and Q4, $0.04 of the earnings change, if you will. I'd love to be able to never talk about scrap but, unfortunately, goes up and down and we have to deal with it. The key takeaway is we are very focused on driving our margins. We're very focused on improving our cash flow. We had a great quarter in that regard in the third quarter. And again, we think the share repurchase program, it's just the right time to do that and to return a little bit of capital to our shareholders. So we appreciate your time and attention and look forward to chatting with you at the end of the fourth quarter. Thank you, everyone.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yes, absolutely, Craig, and listen, good morning and thank you for calling in this early in the day. I know it's a busy day for all of you, and so really, really appreciate joining our call this morning. Yeah, so with regards to factoring programs in general, we have been working in the background. And while we're not ready to disclose anything at this point of time, we do believe there is a certain level of benefit that could accrue from a balance sheet management perspective. With regards to the STAHLGRUBER program more specifically, it's essentially a case of the cost of funding that they've been paying for their factoring program versus what we can provide on an ongoing basis. But part of it involves us essentially terminating that program, which will take place in the current quarter, i.e. the fourth quarter, and then we will replace it with an alternative program in any case. But partially, the factor that we will trip (00:40:55) into the receivables collection in the current quarter, which will lead to a slower collection effort in the current quarter. So, again back to the program itself, we believe there are certain benefits, but not at the levels of funding that STAHLGRUBER was paying. We believe there are synergies associated with the lower cost of capital that we will be deploying.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Michael, just one more piece to kind of reiterate what Nick mentioned in case that was kind of lost on everyone calling in. The previous guidance that we gave at the end of July, which had a midpoint of $2.29, that did not include any FX or, for that matter, scrap declines. That's what we've always done and that's how we've always given guidance. And so really if you kind of think of the $2.29 midpoint to call it the now $2.22 midpoint or the $0.07 drop, $0.04 of that $0.07 is essentially related to scrap, $0.02 of which was realized in the third quarter, and based on what we're seeing scrap prices currently, in the current quarter a further $0.02. So that's how you should be thinking about. And then, again, the remaining $0.03 essentially is exactly how Nick mentioned, we're focusing on margin accretive profitable business coming through and so we will keep focusing on that and margin management and pricing refinements to offset the operational macroeconomic headwinds that are buffeting our industry.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So, Bret, it's a yes and a yes, okay? So, clearly, in terms of the cost of funding that was being paid by STAHLGRUBER, we believe there are synergies associated with cost of funding that we will avail of that's part of our overall synergy program with STAHLGRUBER. And then with regards to the payables piece of it also, as I mentioned previously, we have activities in the works, and we will – once we're ready to inform the broader markets we sadly will, but at this point of time, we continue to operate on an as-is basis. We clearly believe there is an opportunity. But again, this needs to be carefully architected to ensure that we have all the relevant stakeholders on the same page. We enjoy good relationships with our suppliers, and we want to make sure that this is done for the mutual benefit of everybody.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. And I'll just kind of add to what Nick mentioned, listen, there are wage pressures and fuel pressures in Europe also. We do know that fuel is kind of across the board globally, a global phenomena in terms of where oil is currently trading. In addition to that, we do have some competitors who have been on a fairly aggressive branch opening spree in certain markets. Again, as we've kind of reiterated time and time again earlier but also on the call today, we are highly, highly focused on profitable margin, margin-accretive business. A number of folks want to go down the path of margin-free, calorie-free revenue and good luck to them. We believe the macroeconomic headwinds with regards to fuel, freight, wages is not going to abate anytime soon, and so there needs to be that margin discipline continuing within our business. Given our position across every geographic segment but also every product line, we believe that the customer service, our footprint and the reliability of our service that we continue to deliver will come through to our key partners. In the UK, for example, we've seen some great key account wins come through, the BT Fleet, for example, Halfords, Formula One, among others, these are multiyear contracts. And again, it is a validation of the investments we've put into our footprint, into our advanced logistics centers and, clearly, we believe that that's what will win the day in the longer term.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: So, Scott, let me take the first part of the question and then Nick will pick up the second part of your question regarding State Farm. So with regards to our North America business, as you would have heard in my comments earlier this morning, if we were to exclude our self-service operations, essentially, that's where the scrap price hit, our gross margins are actually up on a sequential basis and also up on a year-over-year basis. So if you think about it from that perspective, that business has been actively managing its margin expectations. We've mentioned this previously also, the macroeconomic headwinds, fuel, freight, vehicle expenses, wage inflation, we do not expect that to abate in the short term. And so really that's where we need to have a margin enhancement program that the team has been pushing incredibly hard on to offset those cost pressures. We believe we've seen the stickability of those pieces. It's certainly coming through our results. And again, as I mentioned, the team is working hard and continues to push. The unfortunate part is, because our North America business includes the self-service operations also, the headline numbers that you see on a reported basis seem to show it's actually still dropping, but quite frankly, if you were to take the scrappy side effect, that business has actually been delivering against the initiatives that we put in place earlier this year.
