Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Varun. In closing it is clear that our focus on profitable growth, enhanced margins, and better free cash flow generation positioned us well as we entered this unexpected turn of events. Our teams have been agile and have done a fantastic job of tackling the cost structure and delivered with tenacious focus this quarter generating solid margin and free cash flow in the midst of a negative growth environment. What we can focus on is to hear and now and address the dynamics that we can effectively control. And that focus was validated by our second quarter results. In my continued communication with our broader employee base, I have indicated we will get through this together and come out a stronger, wiser, and better positioned organization that continues to be LKQ proud. Clearly, our teams across the globe have embraced this message, and for that, I am thankful and proud of each and everyone's efforts to carry our mission forward, regardless of the hurdles presented. The global teams have done a terrific job of responding to the conditions created by the pandemic, and I'm highly confident in their ability to continue to create successful outcomes. Lastly, I want to announce that we will be hosting our third Investor Day, the morning of September 10, and we look forward to your participation. Given the pandemic, this will be a virtual event, and we will issue a press release in the coming weeks with details for this session with our broader global leadership team. Operator, we're now ready to open the call to questions.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Michael, and thanks for the question. Absolutely as I mentioned in June, the organic revenue trends were down 14% for North America, 8% for Europe, and up 14% for Specialty. And indeed based on what we've seen thus far, July has given up a bit in both North America and Europe, and even more so in Specialty. So if the current trends persist, you'd be looking at an environment where North America is probably off 15% or so, Europe off 10%, and Specialty being flat with last year. We would hope, obviously, that the world will make continued progress, both in terms of controlling the virus and opening the economies. But right now, there's little hard evidence that that's going to happen.
Nick Zarcone: That is correct, Gary. Again, that's a combination of people of France closing some facilities, getting rid of some excess distribution assets, and like.
Nick Zarcone: I'll take the back half of that question. And indeed, the European economies are more open than the United States. And I think you've seen that in some of the miles driven differences, fuel consumption, and the like. That said, I mean, we have seen some spikes in Europe in particular cities or particular countries. So the virus is not gone from the European landscape. Obviously, you're probably well aware of what's happening in this country with incredible spikes, both in positive cases and fatalities in many, many states in the U.S., so there's pretty big regional differences here in the U.S., but taken as a whole Europe is doing better than we are.
Nick Zarcone: Yes, there's not one magic bullet there, Bret. The reality is CCC repairable claims down 44% our volumes in North America is down 22%, so obviously good outperformance. We think there are a bunch of different contributing factors. First, the OEs were shut down for several weeks. Both their manufacturing facilities and many of their dealers were also closed for a few weeks as well. So if you can't get an OE parked to the shops, they tended to then go to alternative part usage. So just like the GM strike helped us in the fourth quarter of 2019, we believe, there was some, not a huge but some benefit from the OE disruptions caused by the pandemic here in the second quarter. Obviously, we remained open, and we had high levels of inventory and we're eager to serve all of the customers who are looking for parts. Keep in mind that half of the salvage business is really mechanical parts as opposed to collision parts. And there's no doubt that the mechanical parts performed better during the quarter. And our remanufacturing business which really sells remand engines and transmissions was particularly strong in the second quarter. And then self-service which normally doesn't get a lot of fanfare, actually performed quite well. They had year-over-year increases with admissions, the number of people actually paying to come into our yards, and in the revenue from selling parts, well both those metrics being up on a year-over-year basis. So just want to re-emphasize that negative growth in 2020, if the sector returns to 2019 levels, probably sometime in 2021, we're going to show really solid year-over-year growth but off of a low base in 2020. And probably not going to be sometime until 2022 until we have a true apples-to-apples comparison. While you then ask it longer-term we do not see the pandemic it's causing a fundamental shift in the organic growth in our industry. Again while there will be couple of years of not having good apples-to-apples comparison, we think that the core attractiveness of alternative parts stays firmly in place.
Nick Zarcone: Yes, absolutely correct. We believe that the core operational efficiencies identified and communicated to the market last September are still valid and achievable. We obviously did not anticipate the pandemic that was going to have such a profound impact on our demand. So while the longer-term benefits will be achieved, the exact timing and sequencing of all those various initiatives that we set forth back in September will likely shift around a bit. Some of the items are getting pulled forward while other items are getting pushed back. As we talked about, in September right, a number of the items that we had on the drawing boards, and we're working towards really involved the point groups of our existing employees, work-in project teams to come together in a really collaborative fashion and to work on projects in addition to their day jobs. Given the travel restrictions and the need to have 120% of everyone's focus on dealing with the issues caused by the pandemic, some of those project teams quite frankly were put on the sidelines during the second quarter because it was more important to focus on here and now as opposed to margin improvements over the next two to three years. I'm happy to say, effective July 1, all those project teams are back up and running. They're a little bit behind original schedule, but they're back up and running. Some of the items like procurement, which you highlighted we've seen the starting point shift because of the pandemic. When your volume of parts purchased fall by 15% to 20%, because of the pandemic, we have some pretty serious discussions to be had with our suppliers. We think ultimately, it's all going to come back in line, but the timing may be off a little bit. But rest assured we believe there's still 300 basis points of margin improvement in Europe. And that was based on a starting point of around 8% EBITDA margins right. The pandemic has not only compressed the revenue, but obviously there was negative leverage, as a result of the fact that some of our costs are fixed in nature. So we're really driving forward on two fronts. One is to get the starting point back to that 8% level, and then, second, to get the benefits of all the discrete initiatives that we identified as part of the 1 LKQ program. So we're going to be working hard on both fronts. On France, our CEO of Europe is going to be joining us on Investor Day, this coming September 10. And part of his presentation will cover a very detailed update on the 1 LKQ program but hopefully that gives you a little bit of sense as to where we are.
Nick Zarcone: It depends on the timing of the quarter. Clearly, Michael in April, the mandatory inspections were not unilaterally, but many, many countries were put on a temporary hold as each of the governments was trying to figure out how to deal with the pandemic, right. And getting your car inspected wasn't the highest priority at the time. By time you got to the back end of the quarter, many of those temporary delays in the inspection process were removed. And so folks were absolutely having to get their cars and to get inspected to get their registrations renewed and the like. So that was a little bit of it. But there's no doubt that miles driven has come back very significantly in Europe. I mean whether Italy from being down 74% at one point in time to today probably being down 10% to 15%, 20%. That's a huge recovery. Germany going from down 40% at its low to maybe being down 10% today. So, there's no doubt that the recovery miles driven probably the largest factor in driving the revenue, particularly in the back half of the quarter.
Nick Zarcone: Well, as always, we greatly appreciate the time and attention that you've given us here this morning. Hopefully, the information provided gives you a good sense of what's going on here at LKQ. And importantly, we look to continue the discussion, the morning of September 10, when we have our Analyst Day. Again that will be a virtual format. It will run probably the better part of five hours or so. And we'll have all of the operating heads of our businesses from across the globe as part of the lineup for the presentation. So we can go in-depth on each of the three businesses, as well as hit the high points from a corporate perspective, a strategy perspective, and a financial perspective. So we look forward to sharing that with you in September. And again, we thank you for your time and attention here this morning.
