Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, John. To summarize, we are very pleased with the fourth quarter and our performance throughout 2011. Despite milder than anticipated weather conditions, which are not in our control, we are excited about the opportunities that are firmly in our control for 2012 and beyond. Our entry into Europe via ECP provides exciting growth opportunities both in the U.K. and eventually continental Europe as well. We will continue to execute ECP's strategy of aggressive expansion this year and in fact, accelerate new store openings. Here in North America, we believe there are ample opportunities to continue our growth across all business units, strategic tuck-in and greenfield markets are available in our full and self-serve businesses. Our reman engine platform is now sufficient to support our growth objectives for the foreseeable future. We will continue our efforts to add additional product lines as we execute upon our one-stop shop goal for our collision and mechanical customers. And finally, I expect our HD division to grow as well as we add strategic geographic locations to better meet the demands of our expanding customer base. All of these business units, supported by our 17,000 plus dedicated employees allow us to project solid EPS gains for 2012. The low end of our guidance represents a 21% increase over our 2011 results and at the high end, we would increase EPS 30% year-over-year. Keep in mind that our EPS in 2011 exceeded 2010 EPS by 23%. So you can see that we expect to continue the success we achieved in 2011. Kevin, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, that's correct. We think it's going to be in that range of $0.15 to $0.18. We're not really going to update that at this time.
Robert L. Wagman: When we bought the -- when we [indiscernible] go with ECP in October, there were 89 stores. We've added 8 in this quarter already and there was 1 added in December. So we're at 98 locations. We think the right number is going to be somewhere around 120, Craig, to fully develop the network. So we think we'll be at 20 by the end of this year. As far as the what the market -- the overall market, 120 seems to be the number, what we'll also do is open some satellite stores. They won't be full branch stores to support some of the remote areas of the U.K. So I think when we're all said and done, we could be in the 135 range.
Robert L. Wagman: On the last call, Craig, we mentioned that we thought it'd be in the high teens for organic growth, and we're sticking with that. At that time, we projected 10 to 12 locations, so might be a little bit higher with the acceleration we're doing but it's going to be in the high teens.
Robert L. Wagman: We are confident, John, that we'll continue to be -- that is our goal. As we mentioned in previous calls, that tends to be a little lumpy depending on the acquisitions. Having done 21 acquisitions last year, tend to see a little bit of a roller coaster ride in getting those numbers, but we certainly are standing by those predictions going forward.
Robert L. Wagman: Not exactly unusual. It maybe the ECP -- well, ECP has longer payment terms than us. I guess, that would be the right answer.
Robert L. Wagman: No, there isn't. As long as there's insurance on that car, certainly on the collision side of the business, the insurance company is making that decision, John. So no impact whatsoever. Obviously, if a brand-new car comes off the assembly line, most insurance companies are a little reluctant to write alternative parts in the first year but as the car ages, it obviously ramps up. But no difference between first and second time owners.
Robert L. Wagman: Well, Tony, I certainly think that as we continue to grow and diversify our business, we are certainly less susceptible to winter and weather conditions actually. So I think you're going to start to see our revenue more normalized across the quarters but certainly, here in North America, we'll still certainly see Q1 as being the largest impact. But certainly ECP, the reman engine, which is more consistent, they actually have a little bit of a spike in the summer with the really hot weather. So I think you'll see a little bit more normalization, but Q1 will still continue to be our best quarter. Even ECP is a little bit tied to the weather with cold weather. Certainly, their sales of mechanical parts, rotating electric parts, definitely ramp up in the winter months.
Robert L. Wagman: It was a little soft, but then they got a little bit of blast here in late January, early February. So they had a little nice pick. Europe, as you may have seen on the news, obviously got our winter this year and had some really cold spells over there. So they -- it's a little slow start but they definitely got some tailwind in late January, early February.
Robert L. Wagman: I was going to add to that, Tony, that the collision parts market is sort of similar to what we've done here in the States of our concept of getting more products on the same truck. Encouraged by that deal, as we add collision parts there, we're not adding delivery trucks. We're putting it on existing distribution. So we're going to drive more revenue with the same expenses, and certainly, we'll see that pull through in the bottom line. But as John mentioned, it will take time. Initial signs on the collision market, we pretty much started our process in late December, hired a manager to start marketing to the collision repair shops. And just from January to December, we had a 21% increase, granted on a small number but as we get ready to launch here in late March and April on the estimating systems, we expect to see that ramp up pretty quickly and start to pull through on the bottom line.
Robert L. Wagman: Let me answer your first question as yes, this will absolutely help the U.K., probably even as much if not more the United States. As they're starting to get up and running, their demand will be a lot lower than LKQ's. To your second question, we weren't shipping less than container loads to the United States. But what we would have to do, for example in Chicago, we would bring all the containers into Chicago, break the containers down and then send them out to the remote branches. After Chicago, it was going to Iowa, Missouri, Wisconsin and Minnesota for example. So now what we have the ability to do is we'll take all that product into our Taiwan facility, break it down in Taiwan and then load the cans directly to the Iowas, the Wisconsins, et cetera. So there'll be much less touch points. So really not a financial impact to be gained here but more of an efficiency. That the parts will get there quicker to the locations and less touch points here in the United States. The more important parts that I'd like to mention about this deal is that it's allowing us to put safety stock there. A lot of our manufacturers, Tony, are smaller in nature, and we have to buy limited amounts and we have always funneled that through to existing other vendors that we bought from. Now we can buy directly from those people and our in-stock fill rates we're expecting to go slightly higher as a result of this. So less touch points, better fill rates and finally, the last thing I would add to this is I think it's going to give us a major competitive advantage over our competition in that they don't have the ability to do this and because of the fill rates going up, we'll be in better condition than any one of those competitors we have.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. I figured we were going to get this question today and as I thought about how I would answer, Scott, I thought the best way was probably to answer this question is to really reflect upon our strategy since early 2004. At that time, we made a conscious effort as a company to reduce our exposure to the salvage and commodity markets by entering the aftermarket parts industry. We fast forward 7 years, and as a result of our efforts to add additional product lines, we find nearly 50% of our budget revenue this year will be derived from non-collision type sources. So we've really worked our way away from the exposure we have in terms of weather. So not only have we successfully reduced our exposure to the commodity markets, I think we've done a good job of insulating ourselves from the anomalies of a winter like we're having today. With that said, we certainly would prefer a much more robust winter and it's more mild than we care to see, especially when you compare the comps. Last year was one of the worst records on history for winter and this year was one of our softest. But we have some data from -- to answer your question about what we're seeing in terms of what the mildness is happening in Q1, we certainly deal with the estimating companies that follow and track the insurance industry. Our intelligence there tells us that claims are down roughly 4% to 5% year-over-year through January, but as I said earlier, despite the fact that with all this slower weather, warmer weather, our non-collision divisions, specifically heavy-duty truck reman, self-serving ECP are performing very well. So we're confident once we get to more normalized spring weather, our collision related sales will be back on plan and to give you some indication of where we are in January, despite the warmer weather, we actually did have -- in the strong comps year-over-year, we did realize same store sales growth in January. So while it's been a factor, it's not been to the point where we're ready to obviously be concerned about the fact that Q1 is not going to be made. We think we were diversified enough that we can mitigate the warmer weather.
Robert L. Wagman: Correct, correct. But again, with these non-collision divisions that we have now, they're doing very well, so they're making up any kind of softness that we're seeing.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. What we're seeing in certification programs, let me give you an update on that, AQRP which is really where our NSF program is today, we've increased from year-over-year, a total of 900 -- 9,900 parts, an increase of 5%. CAPA, as we predicted, will be the competition from NSF. Their certified parts are up 10%, coming in at 4,300 and NSF of course, which now is in the certification business, has doubled year-over-year to come up to 850 parts. So certainly, we believe that the impact that's going to have is with insurance companies that only write certified parts, the more parts in the program, the better. I refer to those estimating companies who really talk about claim count. They reported year-over-year -- well, one reported a 40 basis point improvement in alternative parts and the other reported a 50 basis point improvement. So we are still making progress and whittling away at the OE market share. And I'd like to remind everybody, of course, State Farm, the largest insurance company in the country is still on the sideline, not writing alternative parts. We believe that these alternative parts are going beneficial and will continue to eat away at the OE market share.
Robert L. Wagman: Absolutely. We believe through our intelligence that the alternative part usage is less than 10%. We believe also through our research we've done with the estimating companies, it's about a $6 billion collision repair market and the parts -- the replacement parts in that will be somewhere between $2.5 billion to $3 billion. So plenty of opportunity there to grow. And our initial response as we've hired this new gentleman to go market to the insurance companies, they're very receptive to our introduction here again late March, early April.
Robert L. Wagman: I think the answer to that question is no, we haven't had any really tough surprises on integration. We're getting these companies very quickly converted to our systems, integrated into the distribution network. So no, I would have to say that overall, we've been very pleased and really wouldn't change much on that. Of course, the ECP deal, there was very little integration involved there. So our first European deal didn't really have much to worry about in that respect, in integration. But here in North America, really no surprises as we work through these deals, regardless of the product line we're doing.
Robert L. Wagman: Actually, no because last year, the insurance industry had their second worst catastrophe experienced in the last 20 years, I believe. I went back 15 but I believe it was actually 20 next to 2005 with Hurricane Katrina. So they are still under enormous pressure to get cost out of the business. The industry data we've seen is that the insurance market is going to get much more competitive, sort of premium dollars. So I think they'll continue to slug it out and as they continue to fight for premium dollars, they'll be looking under every stone and looking for opportunities. So perhaps maybe if a person gets a new car, if the SAR [ph] rate was to go up dramatically, it might be a little bit of a decline initially just because of the newer cars coming into the marketplace but as far as insurance industry goes, I said don't think there will be any downturn whatsoever in their appetite for alternative parts.
Robert L. Wagman: It is getting diversified more and more. Today though it is still the majority is collision. Although we are entering into the cooling business more and more, which is more mechanical side, but of course at ECP, most of their revenue is on the mechanical side as opposed to collision side at this point.
Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, Kevin. We want to respect everyone's time, so we look forward to speaking again in 60 days when we announce the Q1 results at that time. Thanks for joining the call today and have a great day.
John S. Quinn: Sure, Josh. It's John Quinn speaking. I always said that if you look at our margins from a sequential point of view, it's probably easiest to understand. So Euro Car Parts was in Q4 for the full quarter. There is a couple of cents impact from falling commodity prices in Q4 over Q3 that probably compressed the margins a little bit in Q4. So our expectation is that if you take that out, that, barring any changes in scrap prices or car costs, is where we're expecting to come out in Q1 and going forward. As I mentioned on the comments, right now, scrap prices are pretty flattish to Q4, so we don't anticipate anything hidden [ph] there and car prices at the auctions are really been running fairly consistent for the last couple of quarters so we don't anticipate anything there. Obviously, in the later half of the year, as some of the pricing programs that we're working on hopefully start to take another little bite of the apple, we may see some improvement in the back half of the year.
John S. Quinn: Sure. We're not providing specific guidance with respect to tax rate but what we do see is that from budgeting purposes, we're using somewhere in the 37% to 37.5% range. In Q4, had some true ups in valuation reserves and that sort of thing. You would normally see that in Q4. Having said that, we do expect over time as the international operations grow faster than the domestic ones, over time, you should see the tax rate drift down. The tax rate in the U.K. is obviously lower than here.
John S. Quinn: Again, we're not giving segment guidance per se. I think, what Rob indicated was that the transactions been progressing in line really what we gave previously though.
John S. Quinn: Let me just point out a few things. If you look at the sort of sequential or year-over-year, you can see there's a little bit of a flux going on in the income statement. When you look at total facility and warehouse distribution and SG&A, the U.K. operations are actually very similar to the domestic operations or the North American operations, except you'll see there's a little bit of a flop. The European operations have lower facility and warehouse costs as a percent of revenue, and they have higher SG&A costs. So you can see that in the income statement if you compare year-over-year, but we think it's going to be very similar to what we see here domestically. Over time, we should see some leverage coming through some of that just as we do here, putting more product through the same warehouses as we are able to start to ramp up some of the collision work, and I'm talking longer-term here. And in terms of putting the new stores in, generally speaking, they do lose money for a couple of months but within the first year, they start to turn a profit.
John S. Quinn: And Craig, just to follow-up on your question, the other acquisitions are about $20 million of annualized revenue.
John S. Quinn: Sure, Tony, I'll just put one comment and then maybe Rob can answer. On that segment disclosure, we allocated the restructuring cost and the deal cost back to the European segment, so that is probably a little bit suppressed from what an otherwise normal EBITDA margin would be. I think we did talk, at the time of the deal, that the European operations or ECP has a little bit lower margin. Part of that we think is because they are growing so quickly and as I mentioned, they do lose money on the initial store openings for a little while. So if they were to stop the growth rate, I think that some of that would just naturally come back, then we would start to see it converging towards the margin. We think that the collision parts may have a little bit higher margin than the normal hard parts market that right now comprises the majority of the revenue. I think over time you'll see convergence to a mean, if you will, but it's going to take a while, quite frankly. Rob, do you...
John S. Quinn: Sure. Obviously, the fact that the envelope, the cash flow guidance of $250 million to $280 million minus the capital expenditures, so barring any acquisitions, we're going to have positive free cash flow. So the balance will drift down, but we've got about 69% fixed interest expense already with the swaps and we're not really forecasting a dramatic movement in the LIBOR. So we're not really anticipating the overall interest rate to change a lot. It's really going to depend on if we do any acquisitions, how much debt we're able to pay off, or if it ends up growing.
John S. Quinn: Sure. We'll continue to work on this. I'd like to use a baseball analogy. We're probably in the third inning of a 9-inning game here. As we mentioned on previous calls, Nate, our core retrieval program has been very, very successful. Not only is it helping us generate some revenue, but it's also generating product for our remanufactured division. So we'll continue to work on that and push that program as we add product lines as well. We talked about deviation controls in the past and our ability to keep our reps tied to a certain sales price and those continue to grow as well. One of the initiatives we did last year that paid dividends is we encouraged our managers to sell deeper and inventory deeper into the vehicles, so getting more value out of the same salvage that we once had. As I mentioned on the last call, we felt pretty confident our margins had bottomed out in Q3 and they have. It appears they have. Again, when you take off the ECP and the commodity dip, we are making some progress there. In terms of where the benefits lie the future, we continue to work on price maximization. We're working on algorithms now to see price points where we can touch our price points. I think that might be perhaps our biggest opportunity as we look at supply and demand algorithms to raise prices in across all product lines actually, so we'll continue those efforts as well, as well as working on system enhancements that make our reps better decision-makers as we continue.
John S. Quinn: I don't think so. I think it's just sort of normal in terms of the CapEx spend. Every year, we have some of these expenditures. I think that's just built into our normal guidance here.
Craig R. Kennison: Well, first on ECP, can you tell us what guidance assumes regarding the contribution from ECP? I think, in the past you had thought maybe $0.15 to $0.18 for the full year assuming you did not achieve the earnouts.
Craig R. Kennison: That's fair. And then just digging in again on ECP, how many stores do you have today? Can you remind me of that number? I think you said you wanted to add 20 to that base, which is a big number. And then I'm interested in what you think that market, the U.K. market can support, long-term, in terms of the number of stores that you operate.
Craig R. Kennison: 135. That's helpful. And then talk about a little bit the SG&A or just operating cost impact of that very rapid growth on the P&L.
