Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, Nick. To summarize, we faced some challenging headwinds this year with scrap and currency, two dynamics that are outside of our control, yet despite these challenges we delivered solid results for 2015. Now looking ahead. Since the 2008 recession in North America, we have witnessed an increased level of road congestion, which undoubtedly has played a role in the number of the paid claims increasing every year since 2009. Also, the number of vehicles in the U.S. continues to rise, with 264 million registered vehicles on the road at the end of 2015, a year when we witnessed the highest growth rate since 1999. These trends, coupled with the recent upswing in miles driven and lower gas prices, should continue to provide a nice tailwind to our collision business. In the UK, the miles traveled on all roads and classes and the number of vehicles licensed reached their highest levels on record in 2015, trends that should continue to benefit our branch network across the UK. At Sator, we have largely completed our three-step-to-two-step transformation and are now prepared to move the business forward as a single business operating unit. In addition, with the pending acquisition of Rhiag, our European strategy continues to evolve, and once closed, Rhiag will solidify our market-leading position across all of Europe. Yet, we have more runway to grow this fragmented market. Also, we continue to be pleased with the performance of our Specialty segment and the timing of our entry into this large and highly fragmented market. The project – the projected trend – upward trend in the SAAR rate should continue to benefit this segment. In closing, I am proud of the hard work and dedication that our 31,000-plus employees delivered for the company, our stockholders, and most importantly our customers in 2015. I am equally proud of our team's commitment on delivering continued and consistent performance, as reflected in our 2016 guidance. To further that point, over the last 16 years the LKQ team has delivered, on average, 7.5% organic growth, an accomplishment that few can claim, yet one that we have delivered predictably and consistently each and every year. Devon, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Robert L. Wagman: Absolutely, Tony. And the other important part to note is, these are higher-priced parts. We like to give an example of the F150, the 2015, the taillight has blind spot detection, it's an $800 taillight, and the 2014 taillight was $85, it was just a piece of plastic. So these later model cars will give us some upside on pricing as well as just availability as they work through the SAAR rate. We think that with a strong SAAR rate for the last couple of the years, once they start hitting that sweet spot, that's going to provide a nice tailwind, and we're about six months to a year away from those really starting to hit in mass.
Robert L. Wagman: Tony, we are absolutely on pace to close at when we thought we would, early Q2. So we're very well along that way, the path, with the authorities over Europe.
Robert L. Wagman: Craig, this is Rob. As Nick mentioned, John is hard at work and obviously we're very pleased with the double-digit EBITDA that we put up this year. The priorities would be – with Rhiag coming on board is to get that integrated into the system, and on purchasing, the e-commerce as Nick mentioned. So we've got some work to do there. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, Sator is basically done from the three-step-to-two-step conversion. So we are anticipating getting back to normal there, and I also mentioned we're going from six systems to two systems. So the work at Sator is to finish that, get the systems on one play, get the Rhiag integrated, and of course the UK still opening branches, et cetera, and we're working that game plan. The other thing I'd like to add, as I mentioned in my notes, we did take a JV interest in a remanufacturer in Europe. We're going to end – start bringing those products into our different operations. So that's another opportunity as well. So those are the major priorities over in Europe this year.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah. I think it's fair to say we will combine major warehouses where we can. The Tamworth 2 facility is 750,000 square feet and semi-automated, that would be the plan going forward as we build out the network in Europe, is to put a massive DC with semi-automation as well. So assuming this one goes well, and right so far, it's on plan to budget and to the timeliness. We are very excited about getting that online because I think it's going to make us much more efficient.
Robert L. Wagman: I think that's fair. As we continue to work on Europe and the opportunity presents itself, we would likely put another DC into somewhere in Europe.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah, I think it's making us much more efficient, Nate. We had, through the years, operated really decentralized, and I think getting consistencies on our sales process and how we measure our sales reps across the country and across the world, quite frankly, is going to make us much more efficient. And I think, though we'll get maybe some head count efficiencies, but also just being able to track our people on metrics that we think are key to driving the business. So it's an important initiative within our company. And as far as the routing software goes, that's equally important, being able to give our customers better service, and that will definitely be a result of this routing software. It's an amazing software that allows us to track the truck down to the mile and where it is and its ability to get to a customer. So we're going to be much more interactive with our customer base, which we think is a big advantage.
Robert L. Wagman: It's a combination of everything. There are absolutely market share gains that we're continuing to get there, and we will to continue to get that we think. Adding the paint, adding the re-man engines now into the marketplace, and we'll have calipers and transmissions as well. We think that's really the big opportunity there. Of course, the Tamworth 2 is going to be absolutely critical to really outpacing our competitors and being able to get the product to them much more quicker. So we think we're going to get a big competitive advantage when we get T2 online. Tamworth 2.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. The MSO consolidation is continuing, it's – there are several very active buyers of body shops. We believe that's a positive for us. These MSOs are very tied to the insurance industry in driving alternative parts, so we are very pleased with that, and that – I don't see that slowing down any time soon, David. They are very aggressive in consolidating. I did just see a recent report that there're still 40,000 body shops in the United States, so there are still a tremendous amount of independents, but the consolidation will continue. As far as AP usage goes, we haven't seen the 2015 number yet from CCC, but we expect it to be relatively flat again at 36% mainly as a result of the SAAR rate. These news cars are demanding new parts. As I said earlier, we do think that's a benefit, as these tend to be higher-priced parts. But what we have seen, interestingly enough, is the number of parts per estimate continues to grow. In 2015 it went up to 9.2 parts per estimate, which is a huge trend in our favor. Obviously as cars get in accidents, we like to see parts get replaced versus repaired so that we can sell a product. So we see that trend continuing for two reasons. One, the complexity of the cars – the aluminum car is coming; I know we see magnesium is being entered into the parts stream as well. These will get replaced more often than repaired, that's a positive. And then the complexity – the body shop industry tends to be focusing more on replacing than repairing, so all positive trends, and we think, when these SAAR rates start to get into the sweet spot, we'll see that alternative part usage go from 36% to even higher as the parts make their way into the system.
Robert L. Wagman: Well, I can tell you on the self-service, the lower end car, our purchase price is down $51 sequentially, so that's where you are going to see the scrap impact. Manheim (54:07) has been stubbornly high still, at 124.7 was the last number we saw. I did listen to the Car Call and I heard them say they were expecting used car prices to soften 3% to 5% this year, so we do expect some relief there, but the new car that we are buying is critical to our strategy, because as the SAAR rate gets through, we are going to see more demand on that new car. So, the fact that the prices are flat and we are buying a newer car, we do know that's obviously a positive for us.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah. Let me talk about how the quarter is looking thus far. January was on plan, and thus far through February, we are also on plan as well, and we're up against some really tough comps in New England. As you remember, last year they had a blizzard it seemed like every other week for January and February, so there was some backlog. Just to put some color on the winter in Q4, ECP in December, their battery sales for one month were off 30%; that was $2.5 million difference just in battery sales. So the mild winter wasn't just here, it was also in Europe, so little bit of impact obviously in Q4. But so far through Q1, we are on plan and we're pretty happy. Now, there were some horrendous storms that came through the Southeast yesterday. Obviously those take time to get through the system, we'll see what that does. But so far, we are pretty pleased considering the comps we were up against in 2014.
Robert L. Wagman: I think it's fair to say, though, Ben, that the industry is growing circa GDP, so it feels like most of it's market share gains.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah, sure. The – now that we've got the Sator business done, up basically from a three-step to a two-step, our plan is to launch that in probably Q3 or Q4 of 2016. One update on the UK: we did add one more insurance company into the program. So we are now up to 9 of the top 10 insurer company. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, it was still well over 20% growth, so still strong double-digit. We are very pleased with that, and we are excited about bringing that to the continent. I think Rhiag also provides an opportunity there as well, in the Eastern European countries, so we are excited about that opportunity and I expect to see something here in the tail half of 2016.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah. It's about 8.7, Bill, is the average age, but it is growing, like the U.S. So we do expect that to be a nice tailwind for our European car parts business. As old cars get older, sort of what they're seeing here in United States, you'll see more need for those mechanical parts. So, definite positive trend.
Robert L. Wagman: It's still very early days on that, and from what we've – the research we've looked at, Bill, most of this is currently an option right now, it's not a standard part. And it's mainly on higher end vehicles, although they are starting to work their way down. There was actually a study done by Thatcham over in UK that suggests that they believe claims volume will not drop precipitously, but severity will, and they actually expect total losses to drop, but the number of claims will. So instead of that violent roll-over collision, there will still be a collision but it just won't be as severe. So they're actually predicting pretty stability. So I think it's fair to say that it's still early days, but I will say this, it is actually part of our strategy to diversify the business. We do think it's coming, but we – and everything we've read says it's a decade-out problem, at the earliest. So we're going to continue to diversify the business, look to get away a little bit from the collision, as we've been doing over the last couple of years, but we do think there's at least a solid 10 years left of collisions that are going to stay pretty normalized.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, Devon, and thank you everyone for your time today. But before we sign off, I just want to announce that we're very excited about, we'll be hosting our first ever Investor Day in New York City on March 15. You'll have the opportunity to hear from each of our segment leaders as they discuss their businesses, and we look forward to providing a deeper dive into our company. We hope you can join us, either in person or via our webcast. Thank you, everybody.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Obviously, the North American margins are a little bit of a tale of two cities, right? With the increase in EBITDA margins and the wholesale business I mentioned on the call, about 70 basis points, against a drop in the self-service margins. The margins in Europe hit double digits for the year. There are a lot of folks who 12 months ago were wondering how many years it was going to take us to get to double-digit margins in Europe, and we're at 10.1% for the year, so we are very proud of that. You know, we do think that ultimately the margins in Europe will have the ability to trend north, though I would caution folks that actually in 2016, because of the Tamworth facility, I quantify that as $0.03 a share. The reality from a margin perspective, if you take the – the roughly $13 million of P&L hit due to Tamworth, and you lay that against our 2015 results coming out of Europe, we would lose about 65 basis points to 70 basis points of margin just because of that facility. So, taking that aside, we think we can get some improvement in margins in Europe in the coming years, as we continue to rationalize. We think that once the Rhiag transaction is rolled in, that will give us incremental opportunities to get some savings on procurement, some savings on cataloging, some savings on the e-commerce platform, private labeling, all the things that John is hard at work on over in Europe.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yes. That's still our best thinking Tony, $0.11 a share on our new adjusted EPS basis, so you would layer that on top of the midpoint of the $1.64 that we just referenced.
Dominick P. Zarcone: That is a partial year, Craig, it's not the annual impact. You notice that in 2017, the EPS accretion that we gave folks back in December is $0.21 a share.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. And Nate, obviously the benefit that we gain from procurement pricing in the aftermarket parts marketplace, it takes time to get those POs in place. We have most of the adjusted pricing locked down with our vendors, but now we have to start placing orders, the product needs to get shipped over the ocean, delivered to our warehouses, and then we have to turn it through the inventory. So you're not going to see a whole lot of impact there in 2016. On some of the other items, we do believe we will be begin to get some flow-through late Q1, early Q2. As far as our guidance, is there a meaningful impact there? No. The biggest proportion will come from the aftermarket procurement.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. That's really hard for us to get our arms around because so many of our branches over there, Ben, are relatively close together, and we're consolidating some branches and the like. We think that the majority is related to market share gains, as we continue to expand out throughout the country. But there's, every time we open up a little branch, there's a little bit of cannibalization of the branches around it. So it's really hard to disaggregate that the way you want it.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. So if scrap prices, particularly scrap steel prices, stay where they are, there should be maybe $0.01 or so, maybe $0.02 at the most in Q1, but by then most of the – this $80 scrap price will have rolled off, and we'd be in the clear. So we are not anticipating a big headwind from scrap, but again, that all assumes that prices stay where they are and they don't fall.
Dominick P. Zarcone: No, that's included. We assumed that we would take out the 7.25% fixed-rate notes very quickly after – at closing, and that is our full intent. Part of the reason we increased the line of credit was to give us the flexibility to do that. Now, we will come back and – at some time during 2016, depending on how the euro markets are, is replace out with our own bond, which will be at a – obviously it will be a fixed-rate instrument at a higher rate than under our line of credit, but we fully anticipated in the $0.11 accretion in 2016 that we would be taking out all the existing Rhiag debt.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. So, if you look at the funds flow statement, Jamie, 2015, a little bit unusual. As we told you going back a year, we had built inventories in Q4 of 2014 in anticipation of a potential port strike on the West Coast. And so as you – we came into the year kind of flush with inventory, and so we didn't need to add as much during the year to support the growth of the business. There was $83 million expansion in inventory during the year. Accounts receivable actually went down in 2015. That is very unusual, given a company that's growing its revenues. A lot of that had to do with some new things we were doing, particularly in the Netherlands, at Sator, some new focus on their receivables processing, if you will. We do not anticipate we will get another downtick in accounts receivable. We actually think receivables are going to grow in 2015 as our revenues grow. And so, that's the biggest swing. I know each year there seems to be something unusual. When you look at the – if you go back and you look historically at the kind of cash flow from operations, we were at $206 million in 2012, $428 million in 2013, down to $371 million in 2014, up to $521 million in 2015; most all of that has to do with swings related to working capital, and what I would suggest, if you kind of trend-lined it and normalized that to take out the peaks and the valleys, that's what you should be thinking about on a kind of long-term basis, recognizing that in any given year things could move up or down a little bit.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. So the item that you referenced, which is the procurement of cars and newer cars and the like, that only impacts our North American salvage business. Actually, most of the inventory is on the aftermarket business here in the U.S., the Specialty business in the U.S., and the whole entirety of the European business, right? Because that's all aftermarket products. So while there will be a little bit of an impact from the salvage operations, that's a minority of our overall inventory balances.
