Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, John. To summarize, we are pleased with our fourth quarter and full year 2013 performance. I am proud of the achievements we made in 2013 and confident that the strategic framework we have in place for our operating segments has positioned the company well for continued growth in 2014 and beyond. As we enter the new year, the trends in our North American business are favorable. New vehicle sales hit 15.6 million in 2013, up nearly 8% from 2012. During 2013, the vehicles in operation reached the highest point on record since Q3 2008. This trend, combined with an improving employment landscape, should lead to an increased driving during peak times, which would bode well for our North American collision business and for our recently acquired Keystone business. As I am sure everyone is aware, this winter has posed some unique challenges for all businesses, and we were unfortunately not exempt from the negative impacts of the winter in North America. As a company, we witnessed a number of days in multiple key U.S. and Canadian markets where we were forced to close due to extreme weather conditions. From Texas to Maine, many cities declared state of emergency, forcing motorists off the roads. While this has caused some headwinds for Q1, we are optimistic that there's a backlog of work that will make its way through the base of repairers throughout the course of 2014. In fact, last week was the first week of the year that we had no weather disruptions, and we posted our highest revenue week ever. As part of our growth and diversification strategy, Europe continues to provide exciting opportunities for the company, and we are quite pleased with the performance of this segment so far and the value it has created for our stockholders. We plan to expand our ECP branch count in the U.K. and continue to focus on driving collision part sales through their existing network while simultaneously leveraging ECP's purchasing power with Sator in attempt to maximize the synergies and cost savings that exist between their respective suppliers and product mix. And lastly, with our development efforts, we will continue to focus on our core North American collision business by looking at additional salvage locations and product-specific aftermarket businesses. We will also continue to explore aftermarket mechanical parts businesses that will serve as a foothold for operations in other European markets. We have never wavered from this acquisition strategy and are pleased with the pipeline of opportunities for the company. In closing, I am proud of the hard work and dedication of our 25,000-plus employees, delivered for the company, our stockholders and most importantly, our customers in 2013. I am equally proud of our team's commitment and laser focus on delivering that same level of success and continued growth in 2014. This focus allows us to project solid EPS gains for 2014. At the low end of our guidance, it represents a 23% increase over 2013 adjusted results, and at the high end, we would increase EPS 32% year-over-year. And with that, Rob, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Robert L. Wagman: I think that's fair, Craig. Obviously, there is a backlog at the shops. I did listen to the Copart call as well, and I think that backlog at the salvage auctions bodes well for us, too, in terms of buying. There'll be plenty of salvage available. And generally speaking, when there's more salvage available, we can buy at little bit better rates. Let me just talk about the quarter so far. We did face quite a bit of disruption from the weather with major cities basically shut down. We had to deal with our own distribution concerns, but we also faced many customers that were closed due to the weather. We are certain there's a backlog at the shops just from our data that we've had with our customers. And we do expect that to work through the back half of the quarter and into other quarters as well throughout the course of the year.
Robert L. Wagman: We're focused on both, Craig, both on, obviously, execution, but we do have people over on our side doing some M&A work, and the pipeline looks good. It takes time. They're relationship-driven acquisitions where we have to get to know the companies, make sure we're getting the best in the marketplace. But I do anticipate more acquisitions in that marketplace. Whether it be 2014 or 2015, I'm not sure. But certainly, the pipeline looks very good there.
Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, John. John, the OEM price match is definitely regional and spotty, and they've been around for many years. GM in that recent report was highlighted, so we actually got some stats for the call. There are roughly 6,000 parts in that program. GM offers over 300,000 different SKUs, and less than 10% of their dealers even participate in the program. Apparently you have to get truckload shipments in order to participate. And then what we did, we also pulled our data since 2009 on all GM parts sold. We looked at all parts and our top 5 parts sold. In fact, the sales are actually in line with our overall performance of roughly about 6.6%. For the parts that are sold just in collision in North America, our growth was roughly 6.6%, and that's right in line. So this program doesn't appear to be hurting us. Like I said, the numbers are in line with other manufacturers. So we do see a little bit of regional, spotty attempts to apply this, but with 10% of the dealer network participating, it's really not a factor to our numbers.
Robert L. Wagman: There is. As we announced, 20 new stores have been approved for this year, which, by the way, we expect to get them all done by Q2. So we'll have those 20 stores in, which will put our total at 165 if we get those 20 done. We believe -- you've got to remember, the U.K. is roughly the size of Oregon. So it's much more compact, and the people are squeezed into a much smaller area. So it allows us to reach a much greater penetration with a smaller number of stores. We believe the right number, when it's all said and done, we have been saying pretty consistently, it's about 175 to 200. We're leaning towards the 200 number, John, because basically, you want to be within 5 miles of the population base we're trying to serve. So 200 in the U.K. Of course, we look at Ireland as another opportunity which we haven't touched yet as well. Northern Ireland, we're in, but not southern Ireland. So there's plenty of opportunity left, and those would be the full ECP branches that we talked about. We did talk about in some more remote areas, we call them ECP light branches, for example, maybe half the size with half the inventory, but be able to service a more remote area. We think another 25 of those. So 200 full branches, about 25 ECP light branches, so we still have at least a couple of years of buildout left, probably closer to 3.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, and I was going to highlight, Nate, on top of what John said, that the Keystone integration is a great example. I couldn't be more pleased with the speed of that integration, to have 10 cross stocks in about 1.5 months folded into our facilities. Stage 2 of that, now we've got them moved in, will be to start sharing deliveries wherever we can, of course, to try and gain efficiencies. We actually expect, as a result of that, our service levels to increase. We'll be able to get to the customers even quicker. So we're very pleased with that, and I think we'll continue to leverage that. And to John's second point on the CCC system, just one upgrade that's coming at the end of Q2, we'll be launching e-invoices to all of our customers through CCC, which will allow substantial savings for our customers, and hopefully, eventually us on the admin costs. So we're continuing to look at those opportunities to tuck in the businesses together, and I think the KAO acquisition is a great example of how fast we can move on that.
Robert L. Wagman: That's right. Like I said, Nate, in my remarks that I was very encouraged by last week, the first week of the year that we were -- went a week without uninterrupted distribution runs, and we posted a record week. So it feels like there is some pent-up demand that's going to be coming through the system.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. And as I mentioned, the speed of integration, we are thrilled with, Bret. I never envisioned getting 10 of these cross stocks already co-located, so we're very pleased with that. I personally have had the opportunity to interact with the associates at Keystone, the customers and suppliers. Keystone puts on 3, what they call, "big shows" with customers and vendors. They were all held in January and February. And I got to join 2 of those. It's really just getting to know people and know the space. The Keystone people or new Keystone colleagues have presented us an opportunity in one major market to add additional warehouse, would make the sixth distribution center. We've already approved it. Great potential for market share gains in that particular market. The operation synergies, as I said, they're not just for cost savings, but I believe there's going to be meaningful enhancements to the customer service levels. We'll be able to get the parts to the customers even quicker, at less expense is what we hope. Back-office synergies, really in line with our expectations and progressing very well. I just want to talk about some of the cross-selling opportunities as well. At the 3 shows, we actually launched LKQ products to those customer base. Basically 3 main product lines come into play here: ATK, which is our re-man engine division; Goodmark, which is our classic car collision parts; and our Coast to Coast line, which is wheels and accessories. Very well received by the customer base there and very interesting crossover of sales opportunities there. It's early. I want to warn everybody that these are early days, but we actually are starting to talk with our European counterparts over at Sator and ECP of the potential of European distribution of these products. So overall, we're very pleased. I just want to share with you 2 things that happened at the shows for me personally just talking to some of the customers. I actually ran into a customer and said he needed a pickup bed for one of his units and we sold him a pickup bed on the spot. So there are some opportunities, and the second one that we saw was on paint. These are the customers and these other customers that Keystone markets to have many paint booths. So we already launched our paint teams into these new opportunities. So I'm very pleased with that. The second half of your question was really going to a 2-step. I don't see that happening anytime soon. We will certainly market these products to collision repair shops, but we'll continue certainly to market to that 3-step model because that's the most effective way to go to market at this point.
Robert L. Wagman: I will take this weather over a -- 50-degree weather any day of the week. I think it's just going to be lumpy, Bret, like I said, just because so many days we couldn't deliver the parts, but I am expecting that backlog to come through.
Robert L. Wagman: I don't. We did get an update from CCC. CCC reports that figure, the annual figure in March. However, during the year, CCC actually reported APU fluctuating between 37% and 38%. I think in June, it was at 38%. It does move depending on seasonality and supplements that hit the marketplace. We think, when the final number is in, it's obviously between -- somewhere between 37% and 38%, but it could very well round down to 37%. But we actually believe there's a reason why the number has been flat recently. And we've really discussed it in the past, but I just want to reiterate as long as we get asked the question. As you know, APU is computed and reported as dollars spent on alternative parts as a percentage of total dollars spent on all repair parts. There have been 3 major trends impacting APU recently: First, the aging carpark. LKQ, this is a pretty interesting stat, compared to 2008, we're selling on average a 2-year older model year part than we were in 2008 because of the aging carpark. Obviously, an older car part is going to command a lower part price. Second, with the recent lower-than-average sal rate [ph] that has limited the availability of recycled parts that we have even to sell. After the fall of new car production between 2008 and 2011, fewer cars reached the salvage pools and then obviously, fewer parts, and what I call our sweet spot, that 3 to 8 years, Bret. However, we think the recent improvement in the sal rate [ph] over the past 3 years should start to mitigate that trend. And we think that the average age of vehicle will start coming down, and obviously, because those -- that bigger tranche of vehicles are now starting to hit that sweet spot, there's going to be more recycle parts available. And the last drag on AP usage has been the recent surge in the sal rate [ph], interestingly enough. That's worked a little bit against us, in that brand-new cars tend to get OE parts for the first couple of years. But again, as those things start aging in the 3 to 4 years, we think that's a good trend for us. So with everything -- with all those headwinds ahead of -- in front of us, and I think most of them now behind us, we're actually pretty happy that AP usage has been stable. Interesting enough, CCC does do a report that actually shows on a per-unit basis, not on a parts dollars, but the number of units actually being written in alternative parts, and it's actually expanding, so we are continuing to take market share from the OEs on a per-unit basis. And the last thing I do want to say about AP usage is, it's an industrywide stat that CCC reports. And while it's remained flat over the past years, LKQ grew organically in our North American collision repair segments by over 6.6%. So I think it really highlights the effectiveness we've had with our direct marketing to the insurance industry and the team that heads up that for LKQ.
Robert L. Wagman: We tend to see -- it tends to follow supply and demand, John. And the supply is obviously going to be increased. We do some of our better buying in this time frame because the auctions are plentiful and we just buy a lot of cars. So I expect this will be a good buying period for LKQ with the influx of the salvage and just the sheer availability of those cars starting to come through the pipeline should bode well for our purchasing.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, generally speaking, depending on the backlog we have at our operations. But from the time we buy it, bring it into our facility, we triage it, getting the fluids out, getting all the hazardous materials out, inventorying it and keeping in mind that backlog, it's 4 to 6 weeks from the time we buy it until it's actually in inventory and ready to go because we have a pretty healthy backlog as we speak right now.
Robert L. Wagman: I'm optimistic that in '14, we'll be bringing some of these things over the hill here, John. We've gotten really great response and, again, with 80% growth, it's worked really well for us. What has also been a powerful play for us is the paint acquisition we did there, being able to bundle options to our body-shop customers. We're very happy with the synergies that are coming along and have been achieved, and they will be achieved over the time frame we've made public to the street. And we're making progress on leveraging that distribution network as well, so we can get the products on the same trucks. Our paint NDC, we opened an NDC, a national distribution center, just for our paint products, will be fully operational by the end of March and will be servicing all the branches. And then obviously, having those nationwide delivery capabilities for our paint is allowing us to gain national accounts on the paint business. So I'm very pleased with that and expect continued growth there.
Robert L. Wagman: Some of us, some of the Section 16 officers sold stock in December, and unfortunately, they're blocked out for 6 months as an SEC rule. So we won't be able to -- those who did sell in December won't be able to do anything. As far as the company itself buying back stock, I don't think that's going to happen, Sam. We think the better use of our capital is to continue our acquisition strategy. And the board has not authorized a stock purchase buyback at this time.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, everyone, for your time this morning. We look forward to speaking with you in April when we report our first quarter 2014 results. Thanks, everybody.
John S. Quinn: I don't want to speak for Deloitte, because they haven't, obviously, issued their opinion yet, but I expect a clean opinion and with no goodwill impairment issues whatsoever. We completed our goodwill testing, as we do every year in Q4, and cleared that hurdle handsomely, frankly.
John S. Quinn: Keystone didn't really impact it, I don't think at all, really, because we obviously completed that in January. I think we had talked a little bit about the timing of Christmas. We weren't sure whether that was going to hurt us. Our sense is things both in North America and in Europe really slowed down in the back 2 weeks of December, frankly. I don't know that we would want to blame necessarily anything on that, but our sense is that, that probably did hurt the sales a little bit in Q4.
John S. Quinn: Sure, good question. The -- in the quarter, yes, we're down about 100 -- year-over-year in the quarter, we're down about 30 basis points. Sator and the paint deals are probably about 90 basis points negative, and we saw the rest of the business actually get some slight improvement, mostly in North America. So probably about 60 bps there offsetting that. So we do feel like we're continuing to get a little bit of traction in the North American business margin. Nothing dramatic yet because we really haven't seen cost of goods sold come down in terms of the commodity prices -- excuse me, in terms of the car prices, and commodities have not been our friend. They weren't our friend really last year throughout the whole year. They were volatile year-over-year, they ended up slightly negative on the whole year. In terms of going forward, I just caution everybody, don't forget that Keystone Automotive is going to drag down margins again. We said that probably low 30% gross margins on that business. If you do the math, we're coming up with circa 110, 120 basis points negative impact to the entire company. Failing that, you're just going to see the seasonality. Scrap, as I mentioned, is down right now. We think that's a short-term phenomenon. Turkey pulled out of the market earlier this year, which was I think partly driven by the political unrest there. So hopefully, that springs back, and we'll be at least at neutral, which is what we're projecting for the year. And then the rest of the gross margin, I don't really anticipate any dramatic changes, unless, as I've always said, "unless something changes," which is commodity prices go up or we see some improvement in the cost of goods sold associated with the salvage business.
John S. Quinn: Yes, we haven't -- I mean, we haven't disclosed any specific number associated with that. I want to hold off doing that until we get the other numbers finalized. But I think, with -- if you take the EBITDA and use a fairly heavy rate for the depreciation and amortization, and then apply 4.5% interest. And then remember, that business is all in the U.S., or primarily in the U.S., it's going to be a full 39% tax rate. You'd probably come up with a pretty close number to what we're thinking in terms of pro forma-ing, Nate.
John S. Quinn: 10 cross stocks that we've currently managed to co-locate. It's an evolution that just -- we don't want to run out and do -- replace warehouses before the leases are up, obviously. But just as the leases get expired, we try to see if we can co-locate facilities. It's not -- over time, I think some of the -- you will see the industry moving towards more of electronic procurement, the CCC product that we've been talking about. It's very early days, but you are seeing a lot of electronic ordering coming through for that. We're finding that's improving the accuracy, which means fewer returns, it's improving the -- obviously it's a lot easier to process an electronic order. And we're seeing that pressure coming not only from the shops, but also some of our insurance partners as well. I think we talked in the past about State Farm's product. They're trying to implement some kind of an electronic ordering process, which, at the moment, is actually causing a little bit more cost for us as opposed to less. But ultimately, I think the industry goes to that sort of a platform of some kind.
John S. Quinn: Yes, I think Rob mentioned that Q1 started off a little bit slow. In the -- January, we were shut down in a number of places. We see other industries that are unrelated to us, like restaurants and so forth, saying their sales were down. I don't know if people didn't have accidents because they weren't driving to the restaurant or not. So to the extent how big the backlog is in those shops, we don't really know yet, but if -- our sense is that this is a much better weather environment than we had a year ago. The other things that could be impacting, obviously, are the FX rates, the weather for the rest of the year. Scrap, we assume scrap is going to be relatively neutral to us. That could be favorable or unfavorable. I think the Manheim Index, we just assume sort of steady as it goes. I don't think there's much risk on the upside to that. Our bias is that it will probably come down over time. I've been saying that on this call, though, for a fair number of quarters. I still believe it to be true. I just, it's a question of when. Obviously, the new car production took a little bit of a step back in January. They think that's the weather, but the systemic trend there that we see is probably good for us. There has been some threats of port strikes. I don't think that's going to impact us yet. We're going to try to manage that and build up the inventory. If it looks serious, we'll try to get the product off the water sooner, but obviously, that could have an impact on us. Rob, did you...
John S. Quinn: And Europe is -- I just mentioned that briefly. Europe is suffering from a very mild winter, frankly. While we were hit here, they were suffering from a mild winter, and that was unfortunate for them because things like battery sales and stuff just don't -- are not happening over there.
John S. Quinn: Operator, I see we're running a little over -- to just be respectful of people's time, maybe one more question.
John S. Quinn: We don't have a breakout between years, Sam. We just bifurcate it between open more than a year, which was 19% in Q4 and 21% for the full year, and then less than a year.
