Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, John. To summarize, we are pleased with the fourth quarter and our 2012 performance. During 2012, we were challenged with multiple elements that were not in our control, including year-over-year accident frequency that was down roughly 2%, paid claims down on average over 3%. Our average price per ton of scrap was down 14% and, according to a recent collision repair shop survey, over 70% of all shops reported flat or negative sales compared to 2011. Despite all of those challenges, our company was able to deliver positive growth across many financial performance metrics. ECP continues to provide exciting growth opportunities for the company, and we are quite pleased with its performance and the value it has created for our shareholders. We plan to continue to expand our ECP branch comp in the U.K., while simultaneously leveraging their network to drive collision part sales by educating our U.K. customers on our value proposition of alternative parts and driving APU. In addition, given our success with ECP and our ability to identify growth opportunities outside of North America, the company continues to explore additional international acquisition targets. As witnessed by our fourth quarter acquisition and development efforts, we also believe there are opportunities to continue our North American growth. We see strategic tuck-in and greenfield markets available across all of our businesses. We will continue our efforts to add additional product lines as we execute our one-stop shop goal for our collision mechanical customers. All of these business units, supported by our 20,000 plus dedicated employees, allow us to project solid EPS gains for 2013. The low end of our guidance represents a 19% increase over 2012 results, and at the high end, we would increase our EPS 30% year-over-year. Keep in mind that our 2012 EPS exceeded 2011 EPS by over 23%. So you can see that we expect to continue the success we achieved in 2012. Rob, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Robert L. Wagman: Just add a little color in the U.K. We're still standing by our projections of 150 to 175 what we call, Tier 1 ECP locations and an additional 25 or so, Tier 2, the smaller or remote markets. With the 12 we did in Q4 originally scheduled for 2013 so we pushed them in 2012. So as John said, we're going to reevaluate this in Q2, but I would expect if we feel comfortable, we'll add another 10 in 2013 to fill up the 242, again, with still some growth for 2014 and '15 as well.
Robert L. Wagman: I'm not -- maybe we can get it on the call afterwards to see how your math is. I'm not sure. If you look at the top end of our guidance, it would be easier numbers. I think you still see an expansion of our growth for North America.
Robert L. Wagman: The other one, we've announced the [indiscernible]. It is 20 to 25 years [indiscernible], including that one.
Robert L. Wagman: John, you're -- sounds like you're on a cell. It's very faint. But I think your question was, do we expect any margin impact on the Q4 acquisitions? Once we get them fully integrated, we expect to be more or less in line with the corporate averages. When you look what they are, they're aftermarket businesses, salvage businesses, the truck, so forth, everything tends to run. It's a good mix of the businesses we currently have. So it'll take a quarter or two to get those integrated, but then we expect them to be more or less with our run rate.
Robert L. Wagman: Interesting. Our admissions -- we track our admissions [indiscernible] and they're pretty steady, so really no major impact there at all.
Robert L. Wagman: Nate, we are working off of a much bigger base now, and, quite frankly, [indiscernible] log large numbers. Let me talk a little bit about the weather that we faced this year versus last year. It really is a story of extremes. Last year, we had no winter, as we all know, but this year it's just been -- I use the New England as an example. Prior to the blizzard that hit in New England, they were well below year-over-year comps for normal snowfall, and in 24 hours, they got 30 inches of snow which put them over-the-top. The problem of that is it shut down New England for about 4 days. Nobody was driving. In fact, I believe, the governor ordered people off the roads before the storm actually hit. Kansas is another example. Blizzard hit there last week, and, again, everyone was off the road. They were told to stay home. We certainly believe that the weather has been better this year than last year. We'll take certainly, what we are today versus last year. Really it's a story of large numbers now. We hope that the normalized winter will provide an opportunity to increase the same-store sales growth in North America. But the reason why we went with 5.5 to 7.5 was just because of a bigger number.
Robert L. Wagman: I think John covered it. But certainly, in terms of the acquisitions and the pipeline where we sit today, we think there's plenty of opportunity still here in North America to keep growing the business and in the U.K, as well. So mentioned in our scripts, Nate, that the continent, we are still doing our research on the continent. And we expect to look for possible expansions there as well.
Robert L. Wagman: We started this a year ago, as you know. It'll be a year ago next month. We're been very pleased with what we've been able to do. The APU usage in the U.K. is circa 5% versus 37%, 38% here in the United States. So we certainly believe there's a great growth opportunity. Those 8 carriers are small, medium and large carriers. They are all in pilot stage, Nate. We haven't got a full rollout yet. They've got to walk before we run. We knew this was going to be a marathon, not a sprint. But we're very encouraged, great relationships with the carriers. And those MSOs are working with the carriers -- insurance carriers to be clear. Those are insurance companies, starting to push our product types into the system. The Autoclimate was done exactly for that purpose. They already had those relationships with insurance companies on the cooling products so the Autoclimate will leverage those relationships even deeper. So we're very encouraged with what we have. As I mentioned, we had seen double-digit growth and we don't see that ending anytime soon, quite frankly.
Robert L. Wagman: Obviously, Scott, our guidance includes what we've seen in January and February thus far. We expect, hopefully, we have another month of inclement weather coming our way. We obviously prefer smaller storms and businesses that shutdown, kind of shutdown the entire motoring public. But we expect certainly to see hopefully normalized condition rather than these extreme storms. If we get that, we expect to be obviously in our guidance.
Robert L. Wagman: Mainly just coalition aftermarket. As you know, Gary, we don't have salvage products yet in the U.K. This would just be aftermarket collision parts. Insurance carriers do write some hard parts, so that is falling into that line of business. And that's where the Autoclimate actually comes in with the cooling product, so mainly focused on collision aftermarket today.
Robert L. Wagman: Not really. They tend to increase prices by 1% to 2% a year. Some product, older product equipment, they might actually drop it, some of it increase. But on average on our product mix, we look at our product mix, it seems to be 1% or 2% per year and obviously we try to match that.
Robert L. Wagman: They were buying some product on the open market. [indiscernible] We've gotten -- we made some systems changes. We've made [indiscernible] cores a little bit better, the higher value cores, and identified them little bit better. We have two of these facilities. We just added another shift to the other one to handle the volume. The other one is actually more efficient anyway. And so we think we'll still have sufficient cores for our own business. This is really -- we're going to try to avoid buying cores that we don't need that we were just melting down [indiscernible] low margin. We don't really anticipate much of a margin in error, operating impact.
Robert L. Wagman: The pipeline, John, it's surprisingly still active. We know we had a little bit of a rush in Q4 because of the pending tax consequences, but our pipeline is as active as it's ever been still, in North America. And now, we're starting to see opportunities over in the continent of Europe. Our strategy is going to be the same here. We'll continue to do the aftermarket tuck-ins. For self-serve, really just filling geographic holes with both acquisitions and greenfields. HD, I announced that we did some strategic tuck-ins already in terms of cooling. We'll continue that. We still have plenty of growth opportunity in the HD. European, the landscape I said, we've been spending a year over there just learning the landscape, learning the laws. We now feel comfortable that with ECP firmly under our belt we're pretty -- we're more receptive actually to looking at opportunities now in Europe. And I'll just point to one full-service like Miami. A year ago, in South Florida, we had nothing, and now we've really filled out that market very nicely. So we'll continue to look on the full serve, just really strategic tuck-ins. Los Angeles is still one that really bothers me when I look at our map. We have 1 location, Southern California. I think we can do a lot more there, so plenty of opportunities still in North America as well.
Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, Rob. I just want to thank everyone for joining the call today, and we look forward to speaking to you in a couple of months to report our Q1 earnings. Thanks, everybody. Have a great day.
John S. Quinn: It's mainly going to be Southeastern volume. We figure about a 300 mile radius, Bret, to be able to cost effectively haul it in there. And because it's in Florida, we have such a concentration in Florida and Southern Georgia, we believe we can fully run the setup with our own volume and now have to buy anything on the street.
John S. Quinn: Sure. The -- let me put it in a perspective for you. Last year, parking services in North America was 3.6% and the ECP on a full year basis was a little over 50% waiver part of the organic growth. And in Q4, ECP was around 34% organic, which of 19% was same store. So what we're thinking is, ECP has got the benefit of all the locations that we opened last year. We're going to take a little bit of a breather there, make sure those are integrated, all the new managers are firing on all cylinders. We understand the crash business, and that they're trained up on that and then we'll take a look at that in Q -- probably in Q2 we'll start looking at it again to see if we get some new locations open for 2014. Rob can speak to that in a second. In terms of the North American business, our expectation is that if we get to some kind of normalized weather -- and last year, we had very mild Q1 and very dry summer -- we think that those things probably would have been a big drag on our organic growth. If we see the miles driven continue to improve [indiscernible] driving a little bit more, we would expect the North American business to do a little bit better than it did last year on the organic side.
John S. Quinn: I do have that, let me just grab it for a second. So the expected revenue as of Q4 acquisitions on an annualized basis is about $150 million, but we already recorded some of that in Q4. So if you're trying to model it, I would use somewhere between $20 million and $25 million order incremental revenue in Q1.
John S. Quinn: Craig, if I could just go back to your question about the deceleration that we saw on 2012, I do want to comment on that. Obviously, I think it's a bad news, good news story. 2012, of course, we had no winter. We did talk about that. The Asian carpark in our collision business does work a little bit against us as these cars get older. We're now at 11 years old. People tend to carry less insurance. The cars are more likely to total as it gets older, of course. And quite frankly, the parts we sell for older cars tend to be a little bit lower priced. Miles driven in December were down 3%, just in December. Year-over-year, it was just up 0.3%, so we saw that as a little bit of a headwind as well. Fuel, obviously increasing, obviously, creates a little bit of drag. And unemployment remains stubbornly high. And I think those are the bad news for 2012. I think the good news for 2013 is that the SAR [ph] rate is increasing. In January, it was at 15.3 million. I just saw our report this morning projecting February to be 15.7 million. So that means a lot of late-model cars, which will reduce the aging carpark, and also those late-model cars all carry full insurance so we see that as a positive for 2013. The options are strong, obviously as a result of Sandy, I think, pumping in quite a few cars into the mix, but again allowing us to buy more cars. And finally, our certification programs really just incredible growth. Year-over-year increase in certified programs in 14%. So we see a lot of good tailwinds coming in 2013.
John S. Quinn: John, they are starting to really start to flow through now. There's a general lag of about 60 days before the title starts coming in. This was a little bit slower because people's houses were destroyed, and I think that became a priority. We really see no real impact to our business model. These are flood damaged cars. Saltwater is the worst for parts because it gets in the electrical systems, so they really don't make good parts cars. They actually do a lot of rebuilders on that, which is unfortunate for the buyers, perhaps, but the eventual buyer of that car. But the volume is projected to be around 250,000 cars. We did purchase about 5,000 cars direct from insurance companies and from other sources, so we did bring some cars in direct. Most of those cars will be stripped down for certain parts and stay away from the -- obviously, the motor and transmission because the saltwater does a lot of damage. The benefit to us, though, the availability in that particular market, basically that New England corridor down into the Mid-Atlantic, there was such a high availability of salvage. A lot of our competitors are focusing on the builder side of it, which is opening up some really great opportunities from the collision cars, that are of course, still happening since Sandy impacted us. So we actually see this as a slight uptick for us, but the flood cars themselves, we generally stay away from, on a saltwater flood.
John S. Quinn: I'll start, then maybe Rob [indiscernible]. Basically, the infrastructure is built. As we grow, though, we do find that, as leases come up, we tend to try to buy these larger locations [indiscernible] so growth or higher, highest footprint. And so we've budgeted to add a number of the locations, add additional wares and capacity. But you're right, we would hope that with -- if the volumes come up, rebounding off of last year that we should leverage in that area.
John S. Quinn: There are a couple of things. And we have seen some improvement in the cost of sold associated with the salvage business. That takes a while to come through the income statement. We talked a little bit about the fact that, sequentially, in Q4 we saw the margins go up and that was primarily driven by the late-model business in North America. That's one aspect. We talked a minute ago on -- it was Nate's call question with respect to the leverage. We would hope to get some leverage at this -- the bond steps back in North America again, putting more products through the same pipeline. We hope to get some leverage out of there, as well. We are continuing to look at our pricing programs. And I know we've been talking about this for some time. And we're starting to see a little bit of traction on that in the aftermarket. And we made some fairly decent progress on the salvage business over the last couple of years and starting to a little bit of traction on the aftermarket and potentially that could improve some things as well. And we did a lot of acquisitions last year when Nate asked about facilities. As we bring those facilities, where there's duplicate locations in, we should be able to get a little bit of leverage out of the portfolio on those as well.
John S. Quinn: It's more of a playbill just to get out of the open market of having to buy on the market. Now we can supply it internally and not have to worry about fluctuations in the price that cause us that margin erosion.
John S. Quinn: That's correct. The volume we needed to feed our remand operations is being satisfied by the one operation.
John S. Quinn: I think that right, John. I think some of the yards that we're seeing are possibly a little bit stressed, but we pay less for them.
