Dominick Zarcone: Thank you, Varun for that detailed financial update. In closing, our performance in the quarter clearly illustrates the strength of our business, which is driven by a tremendous team that has focused on our key initiatives of driving profitable revenue growth, enhanced margins, and free cash flow. Regardless of the operating environment, and hurdles confronted, our team once again, delivered on each one of these initiatives in the quarter. No one at LKQ takes for granted how hard we work to create our market leading positions and all levels of the organization are laser focused on maintaining and growing these positions each and every day. The strength of our three reporting segments is based on our geographic, customer, and product diversity, unmatched inventory levels, and the high levels of fulfillment rates across all of our segments, which is all supported by a proud culture of putting the customer at the center of everything we do. With these key initiatives in place, and the best operating teams in the industry, we are confident that we will continue to drive long-term value for our shareholders. Operator, we are now ready to open the call to questions.
Dominick Zarcone: So obviously, we had what we think was a pretty good third quarter across the enterprise, given where we are with miles driven and the like. Importantly, in Europe, while we were down 7/10 of a percent organic for the quarter, some of the key markets were up kind of single digits, particularly the UK, Germany and the Netherlands and September was the best month, generally of the quarter, so that was encouraging. We haven't seen a significant move in the first couple of weeks of October, either up or down, quite frankly. But, the spikes in the cases of just, they've just started and the governments are just beginning to think about what their action plans are going to be. Actually, since we've been on this call, I saw a note that France is going into pretty much of a severe lockdown now. We don’t have much business in France, so that won't have an impact on us. The key Scott is, how are the governments around the globe going to react to the current spike in positive cases and we just don’t have any clarity as to how that's going to be. But thus far we're okay.
Dominick Zarcone: Yes, I wish I had a crystal ball Craig. The reality is, is all going to depend on what the governments around the globe do, not only as it relates to controlling the pandemic vis-à-vis restrictions on mobility which obviously as we saw in the second and third quarter have a negative impact. The overall demand in our industry and that hits not only distributors like ourselves, but it also hits our customers. And also what they do from an economic stimulus perspective, the reality is we saw some of our competitors early in the pandemic shut their doors for a couple of weeks and almost as soon as the payroll protection plan money got distributed. They opened back up, but that tells you kind of how much on the line some of those smaller businesses are being able to keep the doors open. If there are significant restrictions on mobility and such a demand for repair services and related parts is down and there is no government support. Well that's going to really put the smaller business at risk. If the governments come along with another big funding if you will, to help businesses stay afloat that will obviously mitigate. What we've seen across the globe is not a rash of people going out of business, but we know for a fact like in the UK, market demand in the third quarter was down. Our organic revenue in the UK was up. So we're taking share and we believe that the larger, well capitalized businesses are doing okay in this environment, and the smaller undercapitalized businesses are going to continue to struggle. So the answer to your question Craig, it all depends on how deep the restrictions are on mobility and what kind of programs are in place, particularly for smaller businesses by the governments to keep them going.
Dominick Zarcone: Good morning, Stephanie and good question. The reality is, it is a combination of both, right. I mean some of the things that we're doing clearly we are going to be moving towards a shared service center, that's really not dependent on revenue flow in any given quarter. That's all about just trying to really get rid of some duplicative costs that are being incurred across the platform currently and pull them all together in a single spot. And again that's one of those items that we mentioned back on September 10, that we're pulling forward in the overall plan. Other items like procurement benefits, there is a relatively direct connection to revenue, because as revenue goes up, our procurement in our inventories need to go up to support that higher level of revenue, which means our supplier rebates and the like go up. If revenue goes down, we're buying a little bit less from the suppliers and our rebates go down. And so that's -- so some of it is not impacted by revenue and the things that are totally under our control we're trying to move forward. Other things have a connection to revenues. So it is a little bit of a mixed bag. As of now like I indicated, we are comfortable with both the magnitude and the cadence of the margin developments and forecast that we provided during the Analyst Day about 50 days ago.
Dominick Zarcone: Yes, absolutely. And yes, we are seeing an increase in freight. Freight is actually impacting both our calls. If you think about North America, aftermarket supplies coming in from Taiwan, Daniel, we have seen a spike in the spot rates for ocean freight. So that has spiked. We're still able to get our product service and no issues from inventory availability. We're actually getting it through, but yes, we have seen a spike in spot rates on that front. I think the other piece that probably, I'll point you toward is, you can see how the big freight forwarders and carriers in the United States, but also the same folks in Europe, the UPS and FedEx of this world they are essentially are also doing incredibly well and they have taken their charges up. The final one really is, we are seeing an uptick in e-commerce and online purchases. So from that perspective, there is some tightness in demand out there. The ongoing challenge of finding delivery drivers, it's no different to others within our industry or for that matter, anyone else within the distribution space, per se. And so from that perspective, what we have done from call it the first quarter 2018, where we saw this piece initially, we obviously did become more efficient with regards to the amount of product that was being shuttled around. And where it was being transported on a cross country basis, for example, to kind of keep our fill rates up. The example I gave was, from Q1 '18, where revenue was up like just under $400 million and all it really kind of got us was about $5 million of incremental segment EBITDA. We've obviously put those learning’s into place. And yes, there are certain charges that we do apply as and when those are necessitated. So we're certainly mitigating a lot of it through the learning’s of the past couple of years. But clearly, there is an uptick on that front, and our teams with regards to route optimization, our road net proliferation across the network or for that matter, the number of deliveries that end up taking place, all of that is being worked into the equation. So really happy with the way our segment teams, in fact, all three segment teams are dealing with this spike in inflated delivery costs.
Dominick Zarcone: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us on this call. Again, we believe we've reported just terrific results here in the third quarter of 2020. We are working hard to make sure that we can do everything under our control to deal with the impact of the pandemic, both obviously what's occurred thus far and what may ever lie ahead for the globe going forward. You can trust that we are going to be extremely focused on our cost structure and continuing to generate cash. On that I want to give a huge thank you to everybody on the LKQ team because it has absolutely been a huge team effort to get us where we are at today. And lastly, we started off right before this call was a piece of birthday cake for none other than Joe Boutross, whose birthday is today. So Joe, Happy Birthday to you. I know most of the folks on the call know you well, and I'm sure they send their best wishes. So we will talk again after the fourth quarter results, and we appreciate your attention. Take care.
Varun Laroyia: Absolutely. Daniel, good morning to you and everyone else joining us this morning, also. Yes in terms of when you look at the personnel costs, that's really the one area which is a significant portion, in fact, by far the largest key element of our operating expenses. With regards to some of the temporary cost savings that we had implemented in the second quarter, I think as we mentioned, in the third quarter those pretty much came back. So if your question is in terms of what level of the bypassed merit or the salary trends that had taken place, those are currently running on a normal basis as of now. So from that perspective, that's going to come back. But I think more importantly, what we should think about is the permanent cost reductions that we've called out exactly seven weeks ago by segment at our Virtual Investor Day on the 10th of September. North America and Europe, both of them are driving hard on that front. North America is ahead with regards to the execution of that program and we're certainly seeing the benefit come through. So all in all happy with the way we are managing our cost structure, given the extreme volatility there is out there in the market.
Varun Laroyia: Yes, absolutely. I think it's a great question. And as I called out in the second quarter, and then also at Investor Day last month, and then earlier this morning, the working capital conversion as of now is running significantly higher, essentially proving that the business model that LKQ operates, has the ability to generate significant amounts of free cash has been proven yet again. With regards to the fourth quarter, given as to how revenue trends are coming through, we do see ourselves investing in inventory specifically. And again, it's broad based, but largely within our specialty segments, which essentially has been constrained up to a certain point with regards to inventory availability. It is flowing at this point of time, but that clearly is the one key priority that we are pushing pretty hard on. And certainly it'll be the inventory build for a few reasons, Brian. One, we are significantly lower than where the revenue is currently trending. We do expect the balance sheet to also flex based on revenue. But as you know, revenue is really a little bit better than where the inventory levels are. We do not have any fill rate issues. We do not have any stock outs, but we certainly want to maintain our best in class and class leading fill rates and service levels. So that is something that we are not willing to compromise on. So really, from that perspective, as I called out this morning also, we will be delivering at least a minimum of $900 million of free cash flow for the full year, a year ago, it was roughly about 800 million. So that certainly makes sense with regards to a double-digit conversion. And then the final issue really is, as you think about our key selling season, it is the first and the second quarter. And so, now is the time when we need to rebuild the inventory levels for that seasonal uptick as we head into the winter. So yes, we will see some trade working capital get back and really it will be within the inventory side.
Varun Laroyia: Yes listen, great question and very happy with the way the payable program is coming along in Europe. Both the formal vendor financing improved but also the ongoing discussions with our supplier community. We keep ramping that piece up. We've seen some benefit in the current physical year, but really where we expect to see a lot of those negotiations come to fruition will be in 2021. And again, it is not everything going to the formal vendor financing program in a number of cases Bret we actually have our supplier basically giving us what we're looking for from an extended event time perspective in any case. Over all things are moving in the right direction. All I'll say is there is still tremendous opportunity within our European segment. Our teams are working hard on that front. We have prioritized the top forty suppliers and those discussions have come though really strongly. There is still a large portion of the remainder of calls in Europe to actually come through. In terms of giving you an absolute number, this is a multiyear program and despite the fact I know who should be clamoring to find to get a target number that we are chasing. Listen, it is one step at a time in many ways this is the first time it has been done across the European continent in our industry and I am glad with we now have a partner that is also pushing account on that front in the two largest protagonist across the European continent. So we know we are not alone on that front. Great progress being made and we keep resetting the bar with regards to where we expect this program to end up.
