Dominick P. Zarcone: Thank you, Varun, for that financial overview. In light of the results achieved in the first quarter, we have adjusted our annual guidance on a few of the key financial metrics. With respect to organic growth for parts and services, we anticipate North America will remain reasonably strong, and the European and Specialty segments will show improvement as we progress through the year. That said, we have adjusted the top end of the full-year guidance range for global organic growth down from 6% to 5.5% to reflect both the 3.7% reported for Q1, a gradual acceleration in Europe in Specialty, and some continued headwinds from the new revenue recognition accounting standard. In terms of adjusted EPS, we have moved the range down to $2.20 at the low end to $2.30 at the high end to reflect both the actual results for Q1 and the fact that some of our profit improvement plans will take time to catch hold and yield results. That adjustment yields a range for adjusted net income of $685 million to $715 million, down $35 million from the prior guidance. We have also trimmed our capital spending plan a bit to a range of $235 million to $265 million. We also anticipate that the lower earnings will impact cash flow from operations, but the slightly lower revenue growth should require less working capital investment, which partially offsets the earnings impact. Accordingly, the revised cash flow guidance is $625 million to $675 million, a $25 million reduction. We still believe the effective tax rate will be approximately 26%, and the guidance assumes current levels as it relates to FX rates and scrap steel pricing. Importantly, our guidance does not – again, does not include any impact from the pending acquisition of Stahlgruber. We will come back and update our guidance once that transaction has closed. In closing, I am proud of the hard work and dedication our 43,000 employees delivered for the company, our stockholders, and most importantly our customers during the quarter. I am equally proud of our team's commitment to effectively manage the dynamics of the business, which they can control, while not losing focus on growing the business, developing our people, and continuously looking for opportunities to generate leverage and synergies from both our existing and recently acquired operations. Although we are facing some short-term headwinds, I am very confident in our team's ability to effectively implement their respective plans and continue to create significant value over the medium and longer term horizons. With that, operator, we are now ready to open up the call for questions.
Dominick P. Zarcone: And Ben, this is Nick. The reality is, we buy our inventory – our crash inventory, aftermarket inventory from Taiwan, as you know. We do that literally a couple of months in advance because it takes time not only to get it onto the ship but over to our facilities. Most of our aftermarket inventory is shipped directly to specific warehouses in the U.S. And so those purchases and those shipments were put in place back in Q4 absolutely in anticipation that we're going to have a normal winter. The reality is the winter hit harder in some places than other, and we actually had to spend a reasonable amount of money moving inventory around in the system, particularly getting it up into the Midwest and Northeast where there was significant demand for our product. That should dissipate because our expectation is that the winter storms are absolutely behind us, although some of them hit here in April in the Midwest, but they are behind us and we will go into a more normal cadence from a geographic perspective. And so we shouldn't have the same level of expense in getting the right parts to the right place to service our customers.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yes, Jamie. I mean the reality is we've set guidance during our fourth quarter call, which was late February. At that point in time, we had the January results closed, February was not closed, obviously March was not closed, the weather in the UK had not occurred, the weather impacting the Specialty business had not occurred, the issues at T2 were continuing to accelerate. We haven't really – we didn't put the final software patch in there until really a couple of weeks ago early April. And so if you want to think of it, the deterioration of the performance during the quarter accelerated as we went through.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Well, I think, you were – probably as Varun indicated, the issues impacting gross margins will probably hang around a little bit longer because those are not quite fixed, those are more – it can take a little bit more time to get after. But some of the operating expenses, we shouldn't have the same level of freight and expense in moving product around the country in the second and third quarter like we had during the first quarter. I mean the reality is we were scrambling to satisfy the demand from all of our customers in those areas that had gotten really hit hard by the winter weather and accordingly had good demand for the products that we are selling. And indeed, when the body shops were full up, if you will, they were incredibly focused on cycle time, and there was a shift, there was no doubt. And that's why our aftermarket product grew at a significantly faster rate than the salvage products because we can – generally speaking, we can get that to the shops faster, same day sometimes, than our salvage product, particularly if the salvage product is coming from a different state or a different part of the region, if you will. But getting that product to the customers quickly has cost. So we do anticipate that we should pick up some benefit on the operating expense line in Q2, Q3.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yes. The Varun's comment on sales being rectified really goes to ECP and some of the issues that we were having with the software in the automation and the like. And so we're all of 25 days into the quarter, but the last couple weeks, the revenue at ECP has been tracking to their original budget. We need to (00:47:21).
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. So we do anticipate by the end of the year we're going to be kind of back to historical levels in each of our operating businesses in Europe. Part of what you got to keep in mind is, when the issues start to occur and we needed to keep product moving through T2, the answer there was to bring in a fair amount of incremental labor to manually move some of the product around. As you know, in Europe, the cost of the central distribution centers gets capitalized into your cost of goods sold. So, all that – we have a lot of inventory on the shelves today that will end up getting turned, say, in the second quarter, that has that higher level of costs, so you're not going to see – while the revenue, we think, will come back nicely, you're not going to see an immediate pickup in gross margin until we turn that inventory that has all that temporary labor, if you will, embedded in the cost. By the time you get to Q4, all that inventory should have been sold through the system and the margins should pick up. The reality is we thought initially that Europe would have margins well into the 9% for the year, given the impact of Q1 and the fact it's going to take some time to kind of work through the issues in the UK, if you will, margins in Europe will probably be in the low to mid-8s on a EBITDA basis for the year as a whole.
Dominick P. Zarcone: So the references that you made to revenue, EPS and ROE, that is one part of the overall compensation program for the senior folks here at LKQ and that's really the long-term incentive plan. And the other kind of incentives that we all work towards really go to, what we call our management incentive plan, the annual bonus plan, if you will, Craig, and on that it is entirely EPS-driven. In order to hit the EPS targets, we need to generate the margins that we're expecting for the year. So while it's not a direct tie to EBITDA margins, you can't hit the EPS estimates without hitting the margin estimates as well. So it is implicitly embedded in the fact that we need to generate good margins in order to get paid.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. So the RV sales were basically in line with the overall growth. I mean, none of the Specialty business, if you will, was dramatically higher or dramatically lower, if you will, than the overall organic, though it did drop off in March. And we think a fair amount of that had to do with the dislocation from the storms because particularly kind of in the traditional winter states, if you will, when all those snowstorms went rolling through, people weren't outfitting their RVs and the like. That may just be a timing issue and may come back, but we're being cautious in our outlook there, Bret.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. So the overall growth in the UK was flat year-over-year as I mentioned in my comments. And the reality is the traditional stores, these stores open more than a year were a little bit flat and the new stores didn't add a whole lot to the overall growth.
Dominick P. Zarcone: No, no, no, no. You got to understand, it's not like the T2 facility was totally shut down. All of our 225 branches, ECP branches in the UK are being fulfilled exclusively on the traditional service parts out of T2. It was on the margin, there were throughput issues with the facility. So I mean we're processing tens of thousands of fulfillment orders each and every day out of T2. The issue that was happening, Bret, is at some point in time, the trucks need to leave the distribution center to go replenish the branches so they have stock for the next day. We get orders all the way up into – replenishment orders all the way up to 5, 6 o'clock in the evening, the trucks leave by 8 o'clock in the evening. Some of those late orders weren't getting queued in in time and weren't getting picked. And so, that replenishment wasn't happening. And as you know, in the UK, over half of our revenue in the UK gets delivered within 60 minutes of when we get the call from the customer requesting a product. So if the product is not in the branch, it's not going to get sold and it was just on the margin, there were some fast-moving parts that didn't get picked in time, didn't hit the delivery truck and weren't in the branch in the next day, okay? It's not like T2 was down for days at a time. Nothing could be further from the truth. It was just the throughput wasn't as strong as it was designed to be, okay? And we were putting software patches in as we are proceeding through the quarter trying to fix the issue working hand in hand obviously with our outside vendors who help design and install the entire system. You all see the T2 facility in action on our Analyst Day on the 31st of May because we're holding it over at T2. You're going to see it is a massive facility. And so we're just on the margin, we were out of stock in certain parts and so instead of fulfilling our branches at 99.9% of the time, we were fulfilling the branches at a slightly lower rate and that had an impact on revenue. Again based on the two weeks of data that we have from when that last software patch was put into place, the revenue at T2, the fulfillment, the stocking levels all seem to be holding with the original budget. So we have confidence that the revenue will come back. It's not lost forever. We do though have inventory in the shelves that include all that incremental cost. So it's going to take some time to bleed through. And so we won't get the same – the pickup on the gross margin line won't be as pickup on the revenue line. Hopefully, that helps.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. So we don't see huge shifts in the car park, which is I think where your question was headed. Clearly as we've included in our standard investor materials that sweet spot, if you will, in 2018 as we've said for some time is coming back into our favor, if you will. And you think about the number of cars that are in that 3- to 10-year timeframe, which is really the sweet spot for collision products, if you will. Again, there are big, big regional differences in the CCC data as relates to the growth. And those states that I talked about, think about the high population Snow Belt winter states, we had exceptionally strong results. The West and the Southeast were – we still had growth, but not as high. But when you think about the 6.5% organic, again about 100 basis points of that came from that new program that we have in distributing batteries, which says everything else was up 5.5%. The core aftermarket collision product was up well north – well north of the 5.5%. Engines and transmissions were in that 5% to 6% range. Collision product from salvage, again because people were buying more aftermarket than salvage, was kind of in the lower single digits. Our glass business was double digits, which was terrific. Some of the product lines that have been slow growers over the past several quarters continue to be slow growers. Paint was flat. Paint accessories if you think about sandpaper and Bondo and tools and the like was down just a little bit. Cooling continued to be negative, if you will. But again, it was a terrific quarter from a overall North American revenue perspective. Again, Mother Nature absolutely helped this out because the winter was – from our perspective, particularly in the Snow Belt states whereas a – for us a better than average winter, more severe winter, which leads to more collisions. And the CCC data would absolutely support that with a number of those states having repairable claims in the 5% to 6% growth rate, if you will. The Western, Southwest and the Southeast, most of those states were actually negative year-over-year. So we're comfortable that North America will continue to grow nicely for the rest of the year. I'm not going to say that we're going to be able to do 6.5% because we know that Mother Nature helped us, but we think it's going to remain very healthy. And we think that's in part because of our competitive position, in part because of the continued soft tailwinds related to the car park and the sweet spot. The reality is we think alternative part usage is again trending up just a little bit at a time but every little bit helps, and then obviously a good weather condition. So, hopefully, that answers your question.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Taken as a whole, our business continues to be incredibly strong. Our credit stats even with – the softness in Q1, the credit stats really don't move it hardly at all. I mean our leverage ratios and the like aren't as impacted by $0.01 here or there in EPS. And obviously, we were able to price on a very attractive basis.
Dominick P. Zarcone: No. The bond market, Michael, is much less focused on quarter-to-quarter earnings. There were no discussions about quarterly flow when we were on the roadshow.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Well, we thank everyone for your time here today. I know we ran a little bit long, but given the release, we wanted to make sure we could get to everybody's questions. Again, we need to leave this conversation recognizing that LKQ is a very strong company. We are very optimistic about the prospects of our company, not only just for the rest of the year, but for a long time to come. We have the preeminent competitive position in almost every business that we have around the globe, and we've got 43,000 people working hard to service our customers each and every day. We run into some headwinds, we understand that, we have plans in place to make corrections. It's not going to happen overnight, but we're very confident in our ability to get back to our traditional levels of growth and profitability in each of our businesses. And that's the message I'd leave with you here this morning. So again, we thank you for your time and your participation in our call, and we look forward to seeing many of you in Tamworth at the end of May for our Analyst Day and then obviously chatting with you again in July when we report our second quarter results. Thanks.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Hey, Ben, good morning. It's Varun Laroyia speaking here. Listen, you had a great question and I think if you kind of go back to the fourth quarter discussion that we had where we had invested a significant sum into our North America inventory piece, it actually was the right decision looking back as we kind of previously mentioned in light of the strong organic revenue that we experienced. Interestingly, again the revenue growth was in our traditional crash box. So you look at bumpers, look at grills, things along those lines, which essentially paid off. So from that perspective, the inventory investment worked well. The other piece I will share with you is that during the quarter, we essentially – the net cash inflow from inventory was in North America off the back of the higher organic revenue, although Europe and Specialty was a net cash outflow due to the lower than expected sales.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Ben. So essentially – let me start off with each of those elements that you mentioned. So the year-over-year business growth piece really is linked in with what we had initially anticipated coming through into our European segment. If you think about the T2 and the Andrew Page accretion that we had shared as part of guidance, which was about $0.03, basically that will not be taking place as of now based on the commentary that we shared a few minutes ago. In addition to that, if you think about some of the headwinds we faced in our North America business, we feel confident of being able to recover those, but in terms of the time that's gone by in Q1, we don't believe we can recover that at this point in time. And then with regards to the tax reform piece specifically at $0.28, so our overall tax rate is consistent at the 26% rate guidance that we had given essentially due to the lower earnings. Essentially that number kind of comes down by a couple of cents essentially. So, that's the kind of $0.28 to the $0.26 EPS from a tax reform piece. And then in terms of Andrew Page and T2, that gets eliminated in terms of what we had anticipated. And then the final piece, I think, you had mentioned was in terms of exchange rates, listen the exchange rates are flat versus what we've kind of given guidance. We kind of said that there'd be a $0.03 increase from the prior year. We picked up about $0.015 in Q1, but if you think about the two key trading currencies that we have, both the sterling and also the euro, that's one piece in terms of how the earnings are getting impacted in those markets, number one. And quite frankly, if you see as to where those two currencies are trading this week versus when we had given kind of guidance, they're roughly kind of flat. I think the sterling was at an average rate of about $1.38 at the beginning of the year, it's at $1.39 to $1.40. And then the only two other currencies that we have some fairly substantial trading in is the Canadian dollar which is down and then also the Czech koruna. So overall, the FX piece remains flat at the $0.03 versus what we had guided.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Sorry, Jamie, just to kind of add two key comments to what Nick just mentioned. One, in terms of Q2, the lingering operating costs on the T2 piece that will come through in Q2 also while we're seeing early signs of are actually stepping up, there will be some associated cost, so there's some lingering overhang from a European perspective specifically that I wanted to highlight. The other piece I wanted to talk to was in terms of the timing, and as to as Nick mentioned, January was on target, on budget and also the initial couple of weeks in Feb were on target also. As I kind of mentioned, we got hit by a couple of cents on our returns reserve and some very specific bad debts related to export revenue. Those kind of activities really take place on a quarterly basis and that really came through when we closed the quarter. So, that's the other piece I wanted to highlight, which obviously, from a timing perspective we would not have known because that was something that came through at the end of March.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yes. Craig, it's Varun out here. Yes, listen, clearly Q1 was a step in the opposite direction, but in terms of our commitment to getting to the 10% EBITDA margin level for our European segment, that remains as is. Clearly, it means that we need to kind of get back, and based on the prior question that Nick answered, we were expecting Europe to actually tick a little bit higher than the 8.8% full year for 2017 based on T2 and also Andrew Page. Clearly with Q1 coming in at 7.3%, full year is, as Nick mentioned, between low to mid-8s. But in terms of the exit rate has to be higher based on the second half acceleration coming on segment EBITDA margins in Europe to help us get back on track to the 10% goal that we've previously stated.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, Bret, let me answer the first part of the question. So, with regards to Warn which we closed on the 1st of November, really the noise was associated with Q4 results with regards to the step up of the inventory as a result of acquisition accounting. So really this was the first full quarter that we had with the business being part of our family. In terms of the growth, that specifically does not get caught up in our organic growth. We actually called Warn out separately as acquisition growth. So really if you think and you back off that Warn acquisition, the organic growth that we called out at the kind of 30 bps, that basically is the kind of bifurcation to kind of think through the revenue growth piece of it. With regards to RV sales, let me kind of put it back to Nick to give you some sense on that.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: And just to add one point, as you know, we obviously shut certain stores as part of the Andrew Page integration once we had the ability and the stay separate hold order was removed. We did shut 10 stores within the quarter also, which obviously shows as negative organic. So, just want to kind of highlight that piece.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. Well, again, Michael, as you know, we don't provide quarterly guidance if you will. But traditionally, you can see how our margins flow from a quarter-to-quarter basis. We would anticipate that those quarterly flows, if you will, will occur if you're in 2018 as well, particularly in North America.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: We think that the traditional trends of how margins flow throughout the year will be consistent in 2018. Last year, if you will, between Q1 and Q2, Q1 was 14.6% and Q2 was 14.4%, so pretty close to the same. We would probably expect something similar where Q2 margins would be very similar to Q1 margins here in 2018. We may get a little bit of a pickup as I indicated on the operating expense line, but again some of the programs we're putting in place aren't going to fully catch hold until the back half of the year.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, absolutely. And Michael again just to add to what Nick just said, apart from the credit stats, the overall underlying cash flow generation of the business, that continues to move in the right direction. So even in a sequential quarter basis Q4 going into Q1, we kind of more than doubled our overall free cash flow in any case. Nothing has been impacted from that perspective, all the kind of inventory that we had invested in in the fourth quarter in North America with growth coming through actually was a net cash inflow from the inventory piece of it. So the underlying credit stats, the underlying improving credit history the company has, the underlying cash generation abilities of the business, nothing has changed from that perspective. And the bigger picture of things, we had a pretty robust outlook in any case. And over the long term, we price two tranches, 8 years and 10 years. We are building the business for the long term and we believe that that will continue.
