Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, Nick. In closing, I am proud of the hard work and dedication of our 40,000-plus employees delivered for the company, our stockholders, and most importantly, our customers in 2016. I am equally proud of our teams' commitment to deliver continued growth in 2017. This focus allows us to project solid EPS gains for 2017 with the midpoint of our guidance representing a 10% increase over the comparable 2016 EPS results. With that, operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah, Craig, I think the answer is that it – we're totalling an older car. We get stats from CCC that show older cars are definitely totalling. We still have an average model year of 11.5 years old, it doesn't take much to total that car. The volume at auctions is definitely up. We'd track that on a weekly basis. And they are surging for sure, but it is an older car, it appears.
Robert L. Wagman: And let me just add, Craig, one of our largest manufacturer actually overseas does have manufacturing capacity here in the U.S. And we had a team over there last week talking to them that in the event there are some taxes imposed that they would ramp up production here in the U.S. So, we are actively looking at alternatives should that happen. But the other piece of good news is that the OEs are actively against this and have been very vocal about it. So, I think they have the same exposure we do. So, all in all, it could be an even playing field at the end of the day.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah. I would just add to that, Ben, that we track miles driven by regions, and the Northeast in December was negative 1.4, and the North Central was negative 2.3. So, it seems like it's going to be a little soft, but we do hit some softer comps in the back half, so we're cautiously optimistic.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah, the – on North America, I do have – I'm very bullish on the long term actually. The 2% to 4% this year is really related to what Nick just mentioned, Samik, just a minute ago about being soft weather that we've had, so far, this month certainly in Chicago and across the North. So, now I do believe the macro trends are definitely in our favor. We've had a strong SAAR rate for a couple years. Those cars are going to get to be four or five years old and really come into the sweet spot. You've got miles driven for the most part increasing, a later-model car park is going to be fully insured. The cars are much higher valued, so much more difficult to total. So, I think long term, we're fine. And the number of cars hitting our sweet spot are starting to increase. So, the macro tailwinds are definitely in our favor for the outlier years.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah, we're starting roll those out as we speak. So, I think we'll start to hopefully see some positive impacts here in the back half of the year.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah, let me give you an update on Page. We are still under the hold separate order. However, we do have limited contact now with the Andrew Page management team, and we're assisting in procurement, fleet management, and the back-office. What we're prohibited from doing is sharing market plans or pricing. So, to answer your question, it's a little hard to figure out which branches, what we'll close, what we'll keep. But we are, from a 35,000-foot view, analyzing that. The biggest problem they had was that many suppliers had cut them off. So, while their overhead costs had remained flat, revenue was negatively impacted by the lack of inventory. So, with ECP's help over the last couple months, we were able to stabilize the business, reestablish those supply agreements, and improve the fleet logistics in the internal controls. Now, that it's stabilized, the Andrew Page team is looking to rightsize the cost structure. The full integration and synergy capture can't occur until we get the release from the CMA. So, to comment on how many locations we'll keep, it's a little early still to be able to do that.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. Absolutely. We believe we're strongly tied to the Manheim. Used car values, residual values, as cars, that diminishes, obviously it's much more easy to total a car. However, we do believe that the cost of these vehicles is substantial in these newer vehicles, that a lot of these cars are going to repair. I think the proliferation of a $3,000 headlight or taillights are still years away. I think we're still well-positioned, Jamie, to weather that storm. Talking to insurance companies, they don't believe they're going to see a huge spike in total losses because of that anytime soon.
Robert L. Wagman: We have not seen the OEMs do anything in terms of anything more aggressive quite frankly. We track their prices regularly, and we are still averaging that 1% to 1.5% increase in part prices. So, nothing abnormal from them at all.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah. I will say, that the pipeline is extremely robust, Jamie, it's – we get a weekly report from our M&A team of the status of our deals, and it's quite a spreadsheet now. So, there is quite a bit of activity there. As far as the hard part side of the business, we're continuing to look at opportunities there. As you know, we've been quite successful in Europe with our hard part strategy. In the UK, specifically, with the combination of collision and hard parts. So, it is absolutely on the radar for sure.
Robert L. Wagman: And then, let me just add, Bret, your comment about the auction and what we're seeing there. Q4 year-over-year, our salvage purchases were up 5.2% at $47 less a vehicle. So, that surge of inventory – like I said, it's allowing us to buy more inventory at a cheaper price, our self service was up 14% Q4-over-Q4. So, the inventory being available is not a bad thing for us.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah. The collision was definitely helping because that is in the numbers as well. But we are definitely taking market share, and we believe the industry is growing likely GDP. Interesting enough, Brexit has not hurt us at all in terms of the driving population. In fact, they've coined the term staycations that the BRICS can't go to Europe because their dollar is not – the pounds is not travelling as farther. So, they're staying home. So, we're seeing miles driven up. We believe – we're very confident in ECPs continued growth in that marketplace.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today. We look forward to updating you on our next call in April when we report Q1 results. Have a great day.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Sure, Ali. It's – it was a little bit unusual, we started off the quarter – and I think your question was how do things roll from October to December. You recall that at the very beginning of the quarter, the Southeast got hit with the hurricane, and that clearly had an impact on our growth in October, particularly in the Southeast region, which is actually down on a year-over-year basis for the quarter as a whole. Things picked up a bit in – obviously, in November and December. We can't quantify exactly the impact of the hurricane. We do know it had negative impact on the results for the quarter and particularly in October. But I wouldn't say that there was a big acceleration from October to December when you try and adjust everything out, if that's helpful.
Dominick P. Zarcone: And the higher the total loss rate goes, that means those cars are not getting repaired and we can't sell parts to help repair those vehicles.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah, Craig, the reality is the border tax proposals and the like are incredibly vague and incredibly complex. So, we really can't put a number on it. Here is what I can tell you, that between our aftermarket and our specialty businesses, we purchase about $1.3 billion worth of product that is manufactured outside of the United States. But there is about $500 million of that, that we actually procure from the U.S. subsidiaries of those foreign suppliers. So, only $800 million is actually purchased from non-U.S. companies. So, with respect to the $500 million, it's absolutely unclear as to who would get hit with the theoretical border tax, if you will. The reality is, in the parts that we procure, there are not a lot of U.S. domestic suppliers that we can turn to, to acquire the volumes that we need to service our customers. The other part of the border tax is a lower corporate tax rate of 20%. Included in that is immediate deductibility of capital expenditures. Of the $225 million of CapEx, about $140 million of that is really U.S. based. So, that would help move things in the other direction. But again, there is – it's so unclear, it's almost impossible to quantify the real impact on the business.
Dominick P. Zarcone: It's on top of the dilution experienced last year, so we think that at the end of the day, the overall kind of duplicative cost over the span of the project will be less than we originally anticipated back in the summer of 2015 when we've put this on the radar screen for everybody.
Dominick P. Zarcone: No, it's going to really depend on how quickly we can kind of turn down the two facilities that we're going to ultimately close because that's where the benefit is going to come from. We will be – at that point in time, in January of 2018, we'll be fully staffed up and running at T2. And then, we will ultimately close the facilities, either transfer or eliminate labor at the two other facilities, and obviously save the lease payments as well.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Well, two days ago, here in Chicago, it was 75 degrees. And this morning when I came in to work, it was 55. So, the normalization of the winter weather has not been even across the country. And so, my expectation is, particularly like in the Midwest which seems to be having really May weather here in February, we're not going to get much of an uplift, if you will. Obviously, the – essentially, the significant rains out West down in the Texas area, that should help us out. So, my expectation is we're going to continue to see regional differences from a growth perspective. But, Rob, you may...
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. I mean, in general, the rule of thumb in the industry in every insurance company is a little bit different, as a car will get totalled when the cost to repair starts to get to around 65% of the value of the car. So, if the value of the car comes down because of used car pricings and the like, that could push a few more vehicles into the total camp than not. But when you have cars that are coming out that are very high-priced, it takes a boatload of damage to get to 65% of just that higher number.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah, that's really hard to do because at the end of the day, all we know is kind of what's happening from a repairable claim perspective, that was 2.5% increase for the year as a whole, the fourth quarter number was 2.8%. The reality is we don't sense that we're losing any share, kind of call volumes are consistent. We do have some anecdotal information, Bret, in chatting with our vendors which we do all the time, right, and a couple of our largest providers of aftermarket parts over in Taiwan have told us that their non-LKQ sales last year were flat to down, which says that our competitors, if you will, were buying the same or even a little bit less aftermarket inventory, which is I think just reflective of the market and a relatively low increase in repairable claims. But it's almost impossible for us to split weather from other market trends. The key, it's important I think the folks to understand is that the growth of the kind of the core products was higher than the 3% overall in the fourth quarter, okay, when you think about that core aftermarket product of hoods, fenders, mirrors, bumpers and the like. As some of these secondary products, the paints and the radiators and like where we've got some special programs being designed to attack that, they were actually down on a year-over-year basis. And so, our core kind of collision – your question, I think, really went to the trends in the core collision market, in those core collision products, we're more than holding our own and we think we're probably continuing to take a little bit of share.
