Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, John. To summarize, we are pleased with our first quarter performance. In 2012, we were faced with unforeseen challenges in our core North American business. As we enter 2013, these challenges appear to be subsiding, which is evident with our first quarter organic revenue growth. Though headwinds continue, I am encouraged by the tailwinds we've benefited from in the quarter. In addition, given our success with ECP, we are very excited about the pending acquisition of Sator. Sator has unparalleled market knowledge with a strong reputation and a high degree of credibility with customers, and we believe this transaction presents a great long-term opportunity for the company as we continue our European expansion. ECP continues to provide exciting growth opportunities for the company and we are quite pleased with its performance and the value it has created for our shareholders. We plan to continue to expand our ECP branch count in the U.K. by adding 15 additional branches in the third and fourth quarter of 2013. Our position in North America is extremely strong relative to alternative parts competitors. LKQ is the only company with a national footprint and the only company of any size that offers a full range of alternative parts to our customers. Still, we are not fully built out and we believe there are opportunities to continue our North American growth both organically and through acquisition. All of these business units, supported by our 21,000 plus dedicated employees, allowed us to post a solid first quarter, which has positioned the company well for the balance of 2013. Brenda, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Robert L. Wagman: And I would just add, Nate, one other acquisition I want to highlight is the shredder business that we bought in Q4. We are in the process of bringing all those -- our own cars to that shredder and still plenty of capacity to grow there. So early days there, but we're very excited about the opportunity that provides.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. Nathan, unfortunately due to the confidentiality provisions in our agreement with the sellers, we can't disclose too many details until we actually close, which we are scheduled to close on May 1. We are doing -- we plan on doing a follow-up after that with more updates on some of the questions you asked. However, I can talk about the market dynamics that we're getting into. The main competitors in the marketplace are generally smaller regional players. However, in other countries surrounding there, there are similar type of companies to the Sator operation. Very little of their sales today are in collision sales. The vast majority of their parts are going to be very similar to ECP in terms of aftermarket mechanical components. As I mentioned, they have approximately a 20% market share in the Benelux region. There is a high acceptance of alternative mechanical parts in the marketplace, very similar to the U.K. Some really good trends that we like: mandatory insurance, very low alternative part usage. So over time, our plan would be to bring our collision parts program from the U.K. over to the continent. 85% of Sator's revenue is in Belgium and the Netherlands. And just the overall Western Europe marketplace, about 250 million vehicles larger than the United States. And the part spend in the aftermarket, parts market, is a $115 billion. So really a great opportunity. We plan on using that obviously as our beachhead onto the continent and we will look to expand and we'll continue to look at opportunities throughout the continent.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, I think that's fair, Craig. It's a DC-type distribution business where they're selling into the marketplace. Great -- certainly, great penetration in the marketplace today with a 20% market share. So great upside for us there to keep growing the business. We'll be looking at that model. Our primary concentration from the beginning will be to focus on the synergies that John and I both spoke about in our prepared remarks. We think that's the greatest opportunity right out of the gate, is to focus on the purchasing synergies and look at logistic opportunities as well. So we're going to look to be able to share parts between the U.K. and our Netherlands operations. So that's where the focus is going to be out of the first year or so.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, let me talk about the difference between this program and the Mitchell program that we mentioned 2 quarters ago. The Mitchell program is not fully integrated with the estimating system, but this one is. So what we like about this system -- phase 2 of the Mitchell system was that we fully integrated with the estimating system. CCC's is already integrated, meaning the shop doesn't have to leave the estimate platform to see our products. So by staying in that system, we think it's going to be a lot more powerful. The second thing we like about the program is that CCC has the majority of the body shop business in the United States with Mitchell being a second and Solera being first. So we have a bigger data -- bigger customer base to focus on with this program. You're right, it is very early days, Craig. We only have 5 shops and initial tests now are up to 20. We're encouraged by the results. The beta shops have really enjoyed the B2B functionality of it, but it really is too early for us to be projecting how well this is going to be received in the marketplace. I think we'll have a better idea after Q2 or Q3.
Robert L. Wagman: No, it doesn't, Josh. We have teams on both sides of the pond working deals, and the acquisition pipeline actually is still relatively strong. We did push a little bit lighter in North America with us announcing only 2 deals this quarter. I think that was because of the rush in Q4 to beat the tax deadline. We mentioned that we did 15 deals in Q4. So a little bit slower in North America, I think, just catching up. But the pipeline remains very active on both sides.
Robert L. Wagman: That's correct, yes. It was 2 phases. The first phase was a B2B buying. So they actually leave the estimating platform to see our inventory. With CCC, they don't have to leave the estimating platform. We mentioned on the last call that Mitchell had a phase 2 that's supposed to be released in Q3. That will be very similar to CCC's. It's fully integrated where the shop or the insurance company never has to leave the estimate.
Robert L. Wagman: Today, yes. There are plans maybe to open up in the future, but we are the only ones right now with both companies.
Robert L. Wagman: Very similar to the U.K., Gary. We estimated it's between 5% and 8%. And what we've always said is that it's many of the same insurance companies writing in the U.K. also writing the continent. So our hope is that we can piggyback on our relationships in the U.K. that we've already developed through the launch eventually on the continent as well.
Robert L. Wagman: All the big players do, of course, write both on the U.K. and the continent. I think it's fair to say that there's regional players in the U.K., there'll be regional payers on the continent as well. So there'll be a little bit of difference there, but it's the 80-20 rule here with the big carriers owning the majority of the market share.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, it was a winter that finally arrived. It was pretty interesting when you look at the stats that, really before February, we were actually behind our normal expectation. And then late February and March, the Northeast really got pounded pretty good. Certainly, we believe that it certainly didn't hurt the Q1. We certainly believe that it brought enough of volume into the marketplace in the collision repair industry. And April is very much the plan right now. So we think that it's pushed some of that weather in March into April. So it really had some nice late winter weather to help us in late Q1 and early Q2.
Robert L. Wagman: And quite frankly, Scott, with the aging car part, our engine transmission businesses is very strong right now. So we didn't see any impact at all to our mechanical components.
Robert L. Wagman: We have relationships with 8 insurers today, all in pilot stage, but continuing and growing by the quarter.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, Richard, let me clarify the law there. The law is for collision parts only that have to be OEM parts only. So on the mechanical, the aftermarket mechanical, there is not that same restriction. So that only applies to collision parts, and our collision parts sales in the continent are very low today. So that didn't hinder us at all. Now, with that being said, France is an interesting country. So I'm not sure what our plans will be to expand in France at this point. It's still early days, but we certainly won't be pushing our collision parts into that marketplace. But as far as mechanical parts, they are readily accepted in France.
Robert L. Wagman: We certainly are looking at the hard part industry in all markets. It's an intriguing part of our business. It's a little bit different model that what we operate here today in terms of the way we deliver our products. Those tend to be more hotshot and we tend to be a little bit more once-a-day delivery for our collision and heavy mechanical parts. But it's certainly something we will continue to look at in the States as well.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, and they tend to deliver in the U.K. and at Sator within 30 minutes to 45 minutes. So they'll have a truck waiting just to dispatch immediately once the call comes in.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. Let me talk about the Western European market first, John. Western Europe is about USD 115 billion parts, aftermarket parts market. There are over 250 million vehicles on the road there in the Western European. 85% of Sator's revenue is in the Belgium and the Netherlands. Very similar market dynamics as what we've seen in the U.K. Mandatory insurance with very, very low levels of alternative part usage on the collision side. There is a high acceptance of alternative mechanical parts. So that obviously bodes well for us. They have about a 20% market share in the Benelux region. And basically, the main competitors are small regional players. If you get outside of their main markets they operate, there are similar companies to Sator in Germany, France, et cetera. But really great growth opportunity and plenty of runway left.
Robert L. Wagman: In the quarter, our average cost in Q1 2012, we were at about $19.31 per car, John. In this quarter, year-over-year, we're $18.70. So seeing a little bit of improvement there.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, Brenda. I want to thank everyone for joining the call today, and we look forward to speaking with you again in a few months to report our Q2 results. Thanks, everybody. Have a great day.
John S. Quinn: Thanks, Nate. I'll start and maybe Rob can supplement. You're right, we did a fair number of acquisitions last year, 30 of which -- I think 1/2 were in Q4. I would say the metals business is not yet fully integrated. We've started to decant some of our own catalytic converters and starting to process, but the majority of the cats are not going through there yet. When you look at some of the bigger acquisitions we did, which were up in Canada, I'd say those are still -- we're still in the implementation phase with respect to those. The facility and warehouses I talked a little bit about the drag that, that created on as a percentage of revenue facility and warehouse costs. If you look at the map that we typically publish, you see we still have duplicate facilities in multiple locations in Canada. So it's going to take a while to get through those. Still in the implementation phase with respect to a number of the acquisitions where we have overlap facilities.
John S. Quinn: Yes, I don't know whether it'll come so much through the gross margin line. I think it's more leveraging the distribution and the warehousing costs.
John S. Quinn: The reason that they had their own metals business and that has not gone away and will discontinue. What we're really trying to do there is where we've got revenue -- precious metal revenue out of the cars we're selling. We're really just trying to capture some of the value that's the downstream impacts with the refiners. So I don't think you're going to see a dramatic change from that frankly because they'll continue to do their own processing of third-party metals.
John S. Quinn: I don't have that off the top of my head. The total consideration was EUR 280 million. If the earn-out -- excuse me, GBP 280 million for ECP, assuming that the earn-outs are fully paid. And the EBITDA, you can actually get the EBITDA because we disclosed that in the Qs. Just be careful to add back the changes and consideration.
John S. Quinn: Oh, at the time of the acquisition, you were saying it was around 8x. I don't recall that. I'm just saying that if you look at whether the EBITDA or ECP is throwing off now and assume that we fully paid the consideration, we can work up the number. But it's well under 8x.
John S. Quinn: I don't know if we've seen any appreciable change in our mechanical. Keep in mind, our mechanical sales are primarily large-ticket items like engines and transmissions that really are not discretionary in terms of people's ability to time those. When somebody's engine blows, they generally have to go and get it fixed. And it's primarily just driven off our car buying in Q4. So I don't think we've been impacted particularly.
