Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, John. As we enter the last quarter of 2012 and prepare for 2013, our outlook continues to be positive. I'm encouraged by the trends in miles driven, the continued growth in APU, the recent reduction in vehicle pricing at auctions, the strength of Euro Car Parts and the robust pipeline of acquisition opportunities we are witnessing. Every day, our group of over 19,000 team members endeavor to overcome the short-term variables that are out of our control by tackling opportunities to drive organic sales, continuously promoting the use of alternative parts, aggressively pursuing market share gains and implementing operational efficiencies to enhance the productivity of our organization and our customers that ultimately, will reward our stockholders now and over the long term. And with that, Christine, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Robert L. Wagman: I think it's probably a combination of both, Nate, to be honest. There are some -- our competitors are seeing some struggling times for them, and we are capitalizing on that. But I really believe that the growth has a lot to do with our expansion of those stores. We've been able to go after national customers now, aggressively going after the collisions part side of the business too. So I think it's more operational, but clearly there is a component -- have to do with the struggling competitors. But I think our strategy and the extra 12 stores will further cement that and continue the growth into 2013 and beyond.
Robert L. Wagman: I think that's the right time frame, 12 months. We've launched that. This is a marathon, not a sprint, and that's proven to be true. We are trying to create an industry over there, to be honest. So the meetings have been very productive -- very receptive, and our plan is that we can get a couple of carriers to jump on board. We believe there will be a snowball rolling down the hill. We'll gather some steam. So that's the plan and I think in 12 -- within 12 months, Nate, we should have a very good idea where we stand.
Robert L. Wagman: It's a 2 stage process, Nate. This is Stage 1, Phase 1. Just a couple of key components to the program, I think are worth highlighting. It's real-time data now. Previously, our inventory was given to them on a disk, which was 30 days out. So real-time data is pretty powerful. We're getting both salvaging and aftermarket parts shown, and not just by plant but by region, so they'll see our entire regional database, that will allow the shop to take advantage of the distribution networks that we have in place. Of course, with the 1 keystroke to order a part, that's pretty powerful, but I believe the best part of it, it's 24/7. So the shop can go on, on Saturdays and Sundays and run this process. That's Phase 1 and that's completed. Phase 2, I think, is going to be the ultimate real test of the program, where it's actually fully integrated into the estimating system, where the shop won't have to move out of one screen at all. So it will be fully integrated. We're being told, probably at the earliest, it's 6 months to get that level of it done. I think at that point, that's when we're really going to be able to gauge the true power of what the potential uptick on this thing is. But clearly, we're moving in the right direction with the technology and initial feedback from the body shops is that they are more than willing to do this, if it's effective. So I think this will be the first test and in 6 months we'll have a really good idea of where this thing can go.
Robert L. Wagman: I'll start off and John, feel free to jump on it after. But, Nate -- John, when you said that we believe the total store count is going to be somewhere around 150 to 175. We believe that number is still to be true. And in fact, we may actually be able to go a little bit above 175, with those satellite stores to feed the more remote areas. So the CapEx's planning, we continue to grow and use the capital to expand in the U.K. We're also looking, obviously, at acquisitions over there as well, to help supplement what we've done in the U.K. already. So there's likely to be a little bit more CapEx coming down the road in 2013 and '14.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. John announced today was a 2 in the quarter and 2 we announced that actually happened in early Q4. We've announced 15 deals and just looking at the pipeline, I feel very confident that we're going to be able to beat 2011's 21 acquisitions. So the pipeline is as robust as we've ever seen it. And quite frankly, we believe it's going to carry into 2013. Pretty much across all of our product lines, we're seeing a lot of activity. I'll just touch on those quickly. For the aftermarket, with the Canadian acquisition that we announced today, we're pretty much done in Canada with aftermarket. So we'll look at strategic tuck ins, again, paint, cooling accessory businesses, now across the United States and Canada. For self service, we're still looking to fill in holes in geography. On previous calls, I announced that we were working on 3 greenfields, those have all become live, 1 in Milwaukee, 1 in Oklahoma City and 1 in Charlotte. And we have now approved 3 more greenfields in the process. So that's going to be the strategy going forward there. HD again, continue to search for strategic locations. The key there is looking for access to good distribution routes to be able to move the product. Europe, as I mentioned, we're still in exploratory mode and on the continent, but again looking for more opportunities in the U.K. as well. And finally full serve, greenfield in the Western Canada. We announced a greenfield up in Alberta. And, again, looking for strategic geography deals, much like the one I announced today in South Florida, that was a key market we were missing. So we believe there's still a lot of market opportunities here in the United States and Canada as well.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure, Greg. We are working with the other 2 estimating companies on similar products, to be able to do that and those are continuing. We, hopefully, will be launching something within the next quarter or Q1 at the latest, with the other -- with at least one of the other estimating companies.
Robert L. Wagman: We have not, Craig. Glad to give you an update on that. Really, with the exception of the scrap, as we mentioned, was likely to cause a $0.01, based on today's rates. Business is in range of our plan for October, so we're pleased with what we're seeing so far. Of course, ECP continues to be right on target where we slightly exceeding in many cases. But the most encouraging thing that we're seeing in October, again, is the maintaining of our cost improvements in terms of salvage and self-service acquisition costs. So the wild card for Q4 is scrap right now for us. But other than that, we're pretty pleased.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, Bret. We've seen a little bit more aggressiveness from the pricing from our competitors, trying to get that market share. But quite frankly, we've been able to adjust pretty quickly and maintain -- keeping cash in that revenue and growing the revenue. So we expect to be a little bit more aggressive in the next coming quarters, for sure.
Robert L. Wagman: We do know this from insurance industry sources, Bret, that claim losses are down year-over-year, roughly about 2.4% is what we've been told, year-to-date. So, with us rolling at 5.6%, but it's hard to really quantify. But clearly we are taking market share from our competition. And of course the APU usage increase up 1% has helped as well.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, we're seeing it regionally, John, where we see some aggressive dealerships. But on a national impact, we really haven't seen anything to really worry us. General Motors is probably the biggest one on those types of programs. But they require the dealers to fill out an awful a lot of paper work. We thought the dealers will complain about the paperwork they have to fill out. And they have to buy truckloads of products from what we understand to be in the program. So very few dealerships are actually participating, only the bigger ones. But we haven't seen a major impact at all, actually.
Robert L. Wagman: It certainly does. France was probably on the bottom of the list as an opportunity because of that and that the fact that they are not going to mandate potentially as it goes through, the use of OEM parts on their fair process, certainly it makes it much more attractive. And certainly, if it gains steam, obviously, other European countries may follow suit. Although, we don't see anyone as restrictive as France. So if France is probably the most restrictive in terms of alternative parts, if they do overturn that, that will be a real eye opener for us and an opportunity as well, John.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure, there's a couple of things there that affect that, Sam. First, one less day, it actually caused 150 basis point drop by that one day, year-over-year. Secondly, the reduction in our secure disposal and crush-only vehicles where we just destroy cars on behalf of certain customers, that caused a 50% -- 50 basis point decline as well. Here's one other thing I did want to mention, because of the mild winter, I think we saw a fewer total losses coming out of Q1 and Q2. And don't forget it does take 60 to 90 days before those cars hit the auction, so those were in the Q3. So a little bit tougher buying market, I think in Q3, which we believe has really rectified itself. Looking at the auction volumes now, we're seeing the cars that were totaled in Q2 and Q3 -- early Q3 are now hitting the auctions today. So we think it's a one quarter blip. But mainly that one day, and the fact that the crush-only car revenue was down, really cause of that.
Robert L. Wagman: We have, Gary, we've several small pilots going on, probably number 5 to -- to the number 5 different pilots going on, mainly with small carriers. The big guys are watching and waiting with good interest level, but these are with the smaller carriers at this point.
Robert L. Wagman: We just want to thank everybody for joining in the call today. We look forward to reporting our year-end and Q4 report at the end of February, and look forward to hearing from you then. Thanks everybody. Have a good day.
John S. Quinn: Sure. The acquired revenue was about $15 million trailing, and a little bit under $2 million was actually booked in Q3 related to those acquisitions.
John S. Quinn: Yes, that was the start of the run rate. Obviously, we're going to try to grow that. John, that was just the Q3 acquisition, it does not include the Q4 items. Just 3Q.
John S. Quinn: I don't think we're ready to call that out just yet, Craig. We're still working through a few of the things and they're not entirely on our system yet. We're going to be integrating that in the next 90 days.
John S. Quinn: Yes, collision is still very small dollars, it's growing though, probably 50% faster than the base business. In terms of the total, what you might think of as a same-store sales, we don't have a good number of that because we don't have the good data before we acquired them, and they have been opening stores prior to our acquisition. I did indicate that there's about 230 basis points contribution from the locations we've opened, since we've acquired them though, contributing to our total parts and services organic growth.
John S. Quinn: We've been very aggressive to opening the locations. This is the second time, I think we've raised the target for 2012. I don't know where we're going to go yet in 2013. I guess we're not ready to announce that, but obviously these are going to -- they take about 3 years to come to full maturation. So obviously, opening stores in Q4 this year are going to give us a fairly good tailwind going into Q1 next year.
John S. Quinn: We've not have in the past, when we put the credit facility in place last year, we added a provision in there to allow us to do this. So what we -- in our credit facility, we have a basket that we're allowed to securitize up to $100 million of accounts receivable. And it has nothing to do really with our payment terms, it's simply a way of getting some additional capacity and it trades at a little bit more than commercial paper rate. So on the $80 million facility that we have today, we're borrowing at just a little bit over 1% interest rate. So it's very attractive financing and just another source of capital.
John S. Quinn: And those programs have been around since 2008, on and off. Their marketing programs would be, really, periodically put in place and then they pull back. It seems like it's just part of their marketing strategy.
John S. Quinn: Sam, I'll just add, you're right, we're up about 10% year-over-year, that includes the impact of the acquisitions, obviously. Because what we're reporting there is the total number of cars including acquisitions. If you look year-to-date on a similar statistic, recycled parts and services is up organically at 6.6%. So we pull out the acquisition, that's kind of indicates where organically volume sort of 5% to 8% more cars.
John S. Quinn: Sure, it's John. I'll try to take that one and Rob, you can supplement. No, we don't expect that and due part of it is, as Rob mentioned, there's always one less day, but some of the other things we're seeing is, you're right, scrap was an impact. We don't expect Q4 to be as impacted by scrap as Q3 was. And we talked about the 100 basis points and roughly equivalent to $0.02 in Q3 and we said that's probably going to be $0.01. That's not going to be as big a drag in Q4. It's going to be a drag, but it won't be as big a drag. In terms of -- we did have a delay in terms of the precious metals revenue recognition that we talked about. We started to process about half the cats of that acquisition. So some of that will come back in Q4, but then we may have a delay on some of the other products. Depending on when we move the rest of the cats into the -- that facility will take another one quarter hiatus on some of that income at some point, it will ought to be Q4 this year or maybe we'll take it into early next year, depending on how quickly we can ramp up that facility. Secured disposal, which Rob mentioned that, hitting us about 30 basis points, those things tend to be a little bit lumpy in terms of -- think of these as being, for example, like the cars from a train wreck. So we can't predict those very well, when they're going to come. I can tell you in Q4, so thus far, we're expecting to be down year-over-year. And then the other things, warranty claims, that will get fixed. We think it is behind us now, but until we actually see how things transpire in this quarter, but I would just -- that is definitely a short-term phenomena. And then in terms of the cost of salvage, Rob mentioned that, we are buying better at the auction, some of that is beating up on the scrap. But on a net basis, we do think that ultimately we're going to see our late-model recycled business gross margins improve. So that may hit us and that may start to show up in Q4, we would expect it, if not Q4, we'll start to see it in Q1.
John S. Quinn: I don't -- you know me, I don't like to give exact line item guidance, but it will be, -- at this point, we're anticipating to improve back.
John S. Quinn: We bought have businesses in June this year. So it'll be about a year. But just -- as we move the production from third parties over to that facility, it causes a little bit of a delay on the recognition -- when we can recognize the sale of the metals, so rather than selling the whole cats to, catalytic converters, to a third party, we actually have -- it takes a couple. I think about a month to process them and then some time for the smelters to process them. So we end up with about a quarter delay. So I would imagine it's probably going to be another 6 months before we're fully implemented in that.
John S. Quinn: Right. And so that will come back in Q4, favorably. But then we may have a delay, either this quarter or next, as we delay the other half of the business, as we start processing the other half of the cats.
John S. Quinn: Ultimately it will be better, the base business that we bought though, is just doesn't -- the existing revenue stream of that business is a low gross margin business, frankly.
John S. Quinn: Let me just make sure I get the right one over here. Those 2 items are [indiscernible] those 2 items are a little over $0.01, combined.
John S. Quinn: I just want to follow up on Bill's question. Bill, I just want to make sure that we're on an apples and apples basis, because you did not mention the light settlement and so, Scott, has pointed out that we're including the light settlement, it was in Q1. If you include the light settlement, we then excluded the restructuring and -- into the purchase price adjustments, Q4, on our guidance basis will be $0.21 to $0.24. So I just want to make sure that everybody on the call understand that.
