Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, Nick. To summarize, we are quite pleased with our first quarter 2015 results. And as always, we could not do it without the dedication of our 29,000-plus employees. LKQ was founded in 1998 with a goal of forming the largest nationwide provider of recycled OEM automotive products. We achieved that objective yet have more runway to expand in that particular line of business across our existing North American network and into new geographies. With the acquisition of Keystone Automotive Industries in 2007 and ECP in 2011, we diversified our company into different markets, products and geographies with the intent of expanding the use of all alternative parts globally, both in the professional mechanical and collision repair. Though on the surface some segments and geographies look different, our strategies remain the same: identifying niche markets ripe for consolidation that offer combined synergies and network leverage; seek to acquire the #1 or #2 player with outstanding management in each segment; focus on sound return metrics and strive for the highest fill rates in our operating segments. With this strategy, we continue to believe that LKQ is a unique company, not just because of the strength of our business model and operating segments, but also because of the consistent growth we are able to deliver both organically and from acquisitions. Over the last 5 years, we have averaged over 8% organic growth for parts and services and nearly 19% from acquisitions. This performance was achieved in a low-growth environment for both our economy and for a lot of the companies in our industry. This strategy, coupled with the dynamics of increased miles driven, lower fuel prices and a strong sell rate, creates ongoing opportunities to grow our company across all of our operating segments and add long-term value for our stockholders. Devon, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Robert L. Wagman: Craig, this is Rob. We've been talking to some of our bigger customers in North America. We didn't have a backlog coming out of Q1 that we had last year, but business has been steady, so we're pretty much where we thought we should be for April thus far. In Europe, same story there, pretty much where we expected to be. Revenue was looking to plan over in Europe as well.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, really, nothing's changed, John, at all. The handheld device calculates demand, calculates the probability of sale. It's interesting, our average cost has come down from Q4 to Q1, up 4%. So we are buying a better car for less money. So we're very pleased with that trend. But in essence, whether you're buying a $300 car or a $2,000 car, the handheld does the exact same data lookup just basing on demand and probability of sale. And so nothing really has changed in that respect. In fact, it just allows our reps to get a higher dollar for that part as it's just a higher price part. We are buying, on average, about 1/2 a year younger to 1 year younger vehicle this time now as opposed to last year. So really nothing has changed at all.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure, glad to answer that. Update on the bumpers, Q1 was a 19.5% increase year-over-year. So still getting -- and that's up a strong comp, John. Other than that, no new news out of Bloomington, unfortunately. But we continue to really raise the number on the products they are writing in the aftermarket, in the bumpers. So we keep reminding them and we'll continue to do so.
Robert L. Wagman: Well, one thing that is nice, Sam, is that we're obviously working directly with the insurance company, so that owns a large body shop chain down there. So we're taking the parts that we're procuring directly from them and putting them right into their repair stream. So yes, we think there could be actually some move over. As you know, we entered the Swedish market last quarter and we're doing something very similar in the Swedish market there actually by procuring directly from the insurance company. So we do think there is something to be done there. The reason why we don't think it's really applicable here in the U.S. because the country is so large. I mean, Australia is a unique market in that 90% of the population live in 4 cities and we have [indiscernible] in 3 of those 4 cities. Perth, on the western side of the country, we haven't focus on yet. But yes, we do think there is something we could take from the U.S. or from the Australian market into the European market, which we're kind of doing in Sweden right now.
Robert L. Wagman: Nate, we get a report from CCC, the leading estimating company here in the United States. We just had a sit down with them this week. It's interesting, they showed stats by states. And New England, as you rightly mentioned, was shut down for those 3 blizzards they had. So it was very slow in New England. It was pretty interesting from Pennsylvania West to the Minnesota-Iowa market, claims were actually down. So they -- we had very little snow in Chicago as you know. So we don't have a backlog coming out of Q1. However, as you mentioned, we're up against a tough comp. We do feel good because of those trends you're talking about, the newer car part, definitely is working in our favor. One thing you didn't mention was the amount of certified parts. Certified parts increased 18% year-over-year, which is good for obviously for the aftermarket. Our backlog is very healthy. Very strong backlog at all of our facilities. Miles driven are increasing. Gas prices, although they've come up a little bit, are still substantially down year-over-year. And the man time [ph] is finally stable. So yes, we feel good about the next couple of quarters once that all fleshes out. And certainly, when these new cars, these 16 million and 17 million SAAR rates start getting 2 and 3 years out, we feel pretty good that there's going to be a really healthy amount of cars coming to the sweet spot. So pretty bullish on the North American growth and I feel confident that the 5 to 7 is still going to hold.
Robert L. Wagman: I was just going to add to what Nick said about scrap. Scrap last week was roughly about $135 a ton, so it at least stabilized from where it was in February. But just to put in perspective, it's 37% down year-over-year and 25% sequentially. So scrap will be a little bit of a headwind, still.
Robert L. Wagman: I think that's certainly a portion of it, Gary. I also think that there's such a large export that the auctions export, and I think that the dollar has worked in our favor. So I think that may also be impacting it. So I think it's a combination of the strong dollar and scrap coming down.
Robert L. Wagman: We've been tracking it as a percentage of increase because it's still off of a small base. But revenue, Jason, was up 75% year-over-year, and purchase orders were up 70% year-over-year. It's roughly annualizing at about $22 million a year right now.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, everyone, for your time this morning. We look forward to speaking to you in July, we report our second quarter 2015 results. Have a great day.
John S. Quinn: And Craig, I think Nick noted that we're expecting some continuing impact from scrap because the cars we're selling today are ones we bought maybe earlier in Q1.
John S. Quinn: Sure. So I spent the better part of last month over there and I guess the way I view it is we have 2 really good businesses for the Netherlands and the U.K. But within each country, I think there are still a lot of work to do to finish some of the integration or the acquisitions we have, particularly in respect to the Netherlands. First thing is don't do any harm but make sure that we can continue to integrate those acquisitions within the countries. And there are some additional deals we need to do to continue to fill out the footprint there. In the Netherlands, we are at about 72 locations. We think we can probably end up somewhere in the 80 to 85 by the time we're done and we hope that platform builds over the end of the year. And then, when you move a little bit higher and you say, what else can we do? There's more integration to be done between the 2 countries. We did some preliminary integration on procurement in the last couple of years. I think we can do a lot more on that front. And that probably starts with getting the common catalog. There was a project underway to get a common catalog among the countries. And then using that knowledge to leverage the procurement across the group. And there are also some opportunities to probably integrate the procurement a little bit stronger between North America and Europe, particularly on some of the collision businesses where there's a heavy overlap in suppliers. And then, the third platform in the car integration is probably on the revenue opportunities, with particular [indiscernible] like e-commerce, where both countries have a nascent e-commerce business and we can lever the distribution network that we have to try to go through that. And then if you take those 1 step higher, there's obviously some other opportunities to do additional product lines, like, for example, we're now distributing paint or collision business in the Netherlands. So we look for additional opportunities to do those kinds of things, probably once we get the integration done. And then other geographies so that's [indiscernible] countries they currently exist, and then look for opportunities in other countries. So I think we'll be pretty busy.
John S. Quinn: John, it's John Quinn speaking. I guess one thing you can think about is, if you got somewhere that is, for example, space constrained, the throughput whether you're dismantling a $2,000 car or a $3,000 car, it takes up the same amount of geography and roughly the same amount of labor and warehousing space. So the thinking is that if you can get a better car, you can improve your return on capital as well on those things. We don't have to buy additional land to grow the business. We've always said one way to grow this business is to buy additional cars. You provide 5% more cars, your revenues should go up about 5%. If you also buy a 5% better car, your revenue should go up 5% on basically the same footprint. And so part of this is just the strategy to try to move up market and particularly in a couple yards that are potentially space-constrained where we wouldn't -- want to avoid buying extra land.
John S. Quinn: I think it's probably best to talk about the different segments because there's certainly a unique story in each one, right? So you're right, in North America we didn't -- we haven't done a lot of acquisitions in the quarter. There wasn't a lot of acquisition activity going, coming out of Q4, frankly, either in North America. So a lot of that was, I would say, sort of a seasonal leverage and you can just see that through the segment data. On the Specialty segment, that is a seasonal business both on -- with respect to that business and with respect to the European business. I'd just remind people that Q4 tends to be a bit softer in those 2 businesses. Historically, if you look at the company, Q1 was our strongest and Q4 was our second strongest when we were basically a collision-focused business. But as we've been diversifying into more into some of these hard parts [ph] Specialty products, Q1 tends to be the strongest quarter. And on those 2 segments, Q4 is a lot lighter. So you didn't see -- on the Specialty segment, we got the benefit of some of the integration of Stag Parkway. Stag Parkway didn't contribute very much at all in Q4 last year, probably because of the seasonal thing and partly because we haven't really executed on some of the synergies, which I think Nick spoke to the fact that they did a good job getting a lot of those synergies captured already. So some of that is, you're right, integration improvement coming through. And then on the European business, I don't have any specifics for you, Sam, but we did talk about the fact that we were carrying some additional cost associated with the branch openings. There's also a little bit of a profit deferral associated with those acquisitions that we do in the Netherlands. So we did see operating leverage with respect to the businesses there, for sure. And again, some of that's the seasonality and some of it is just better -- getting the revenue, I would say, from those acquisitions and being able to recognize more of the profit with respect to the Sator acquisition.
John S. Quinn: And Sam, with respect to the impact of the acquisitions, we did see a little bit of improvement in the margin in the Netherlands, but because the Netherlands is relatively small compared to the total company, it wasn't really enough to drive the overall company margins.
John S. Quinn: Yes. We don't have a good sense here. We just kicked off the project on sort of getting the common catalog. And I think the procurement though, we're very quick to bringing that team together, and so that will be relatively quick. I do think over time, what we'd like to get is the sustainable double-digit EBITDA margins over there. I'd be a bit like an economist to give you number but not a date, but I don't think it's years and but it's probably some time in 2016, 2017 before we get there on a sustainable basis.
John S. Quinn: No. It'll continue to have 3-step distribution models. Keep in mind, we're only talking about the Netherlands when we're talking about converting this right now. The Belgian operation is still [indistinguishable] and so is France.
John S. Quinn: Well, even within the Netherlands we'll continue to have partners where -- that are distributing as well.
John S. Quinn: Again, if you -- let me backup. First of all, France has unusual rules that it's against the law to put an aftermarket product on a French-made car. Until that law gets changed, probably not be huge business there, although people do distribute through companies like ourselves OE parts. The OEs use non-dealers to distribute parts there. So there is an opportunity on that front. We generally need the last mile, right? We need to be able to get the parts to the customer. At the moment, we don't have the network to do that anywhere in a particular country, as you described, Germany, France, even the Netherlands, we still not have the product -- the facility built out and the infrastructure built out. So I think the initial focus really is just to get the Netherlands integrations. And if we can find an acquisition or a couple of smaller companies that distribute aftermarket product and there's some salvage companies, if we could find one of those that was attractive and want to sell at a reasonable price, then we would probably buy that and use that as a footprint. Most of our distribution right now is to the mechanical repair shop on the continent. We have a very little interaction with collision body shops. Whereas in the U.K., we've developed very strong relationships with all of the body shops, particularly through our paint acquisitions there. So I guess what I'm telling you, Gary, is it's probably not going to be this year, but it's not going to be multiple years either.
John S. Quinn: No. Generally we try to do is estimate the full year tax rate and then adjust for any discrete items. So there's about a $700,000 discrete item that was -- if you look at the year-over-year increase on the tax rate, about 1/2 of that was a discrete item, that will go away in Q2. And we would anticipate using that same rate, for the rest of the year. So the rate going forward, to use a little bit over 35% is probably about right.
John S. Quinn: It takes almost 4 years for branch -- 3 to 4 years for branch to reach full maturity. So if you look at the cadence of the branches that we've opened the last couple of years -- branches that were opened, for example, in 2013 are still maturing and they're still growing. So some of that growth what you're seeing is maturing on the branches, and then also, the much older branches continue to take market share. So yes, I don't want to get into specifics and giving sort of multi-year guidance here, but we do believe we have a number of years of additional growth just as those branches, as Nick mentioned the 40-odd branches we opened last year, are going to continue to mature over the next couple of years.
