Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, John. To summarize, we are pleased with our second quarter performance. As we enter the back half of 2013, I am optimistic about the year. I am encouraged by the current tailwinds of lower fuel prices, the increase in miles driven, continued APU growth, the recent reduction in vehicle pricing we are witnessing and the breadth of development opportunities that exist in our key market segments. I am equally proud of how our group of over 23,000 valuable employees attacked the headwinds we faced in 2012, which subsequently positioned us well to capture and achieve the success we witnessed in the first half of 2013. We believe our unique competitive position both in North America and Europe continues to translate into consistent earnings growth for our shareholders, which has allowed us to increase our organic growth, net income and diluted EPS guidance for 2013. Kevin, we are now prepared to open the call for questions and answers.
Robert L. Wagman: That's correct. Bret, this is Rob. We plan on eventually bringing all of our own catalytic converters into that process. And as John mentioned, that will happen over the next couple quarters.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. Short term, no margin impact. But potentially long term, if this thing takes off, Bret., and the shops do most of the ordering themselves, we may be able to leverage that with a reduction in overhead costs. But short term, it's really just making it easy for the shops to do business with us.
Robert L. Wagman: Your first question, yes, this is exclusive. Right now, we believe the usage in the U.K. is circa 3% to 7% depending on who you talk to, but it's a great opportunity here. We will be -- as I said, we will be the exclusive supplier on both of these contracts. The Northern Ireland market, we previously reported the entire U.K. market is about a $3 billion opportunity. Northern Ireland is over $100 million opportunity, and so we just started that. That dealership's recently signed. So we do expect some good potential work on that. But it's also important to watch that these carriers that we are talking with also do write on the continent. So we do plan on leveraging that in time with our Sator acquisition.
Robert L. Wagman: They actually own these body shops, so they will be doing auditing and controlling their process completely. So they will be very much definitely involved with that process with us.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, Dan. There is very little overlap between the U.S. and the U.K. in the continent. So this is a separate group of cars that the -- our Taiwan vendors and Chinese vendors will work with us to develop the products. There is no sign that they will not support us completely. Just to give you some kind of idea in the U.S., we had -- just in our certified programs, the year-over-year increase in certified parts was 22.17%. So they've been very supportive of our needs to keep growing certified products here in the States, as well as in Europe. It's particularly the U.K. right now. So no issues there at all, very responsive to our needs.
Robert L. Wagman: Absolutely. We continue to evaluate the prospects of entering the salvage market. We have challenged the insurance companies there to adopt our aftermarket parts first programs, and we're starting to see that effect. So we're still looking at the salvage opportunity as we speak.
Robert L. Wagman: They definitely do. They have about 60% market share of the body shop business. But yes, they are targeting certain shops for this program, and they do tend to be their better shops.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. Right now, we were carrying about 13,000 different SKUs in the marketplace, Craig. We're continually growing that, actually, as new products come on the market. We are replicating them in Taiwan and bringing them over to our warehouses in the U.K. We believe there's certainly substantial more growth to be done there, and we will continue to work in that respect.
Robert L. Wagman: All the parts are stored in the national distribution center, pretty much in the central part of the U.K. So every one of the branches has access. Every one of the branches has a trained specialist in [ph] collision parts now, and I think that's why we're seeing this 80% year-over-year growth. More SKUs coming in every quarter, and just better penetration in the marketplace. We do have a way of measuring it, and we do benchmark them against their sister branches, and we do obviously push them to reach certain goals.
Robert L. Wagman: There certainly are. We are -- our Vice President of Insurance Operations meets with CCC regularly. We are actually going out into the marketplace with them to do joint training, so we are very involved in that process, and we have actually committed resources. substantial resources, to this program.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. They were both in the pilot program, Scott. So at the time, we had 8 pilots going on. These 2 will make -- go to full program status. So there are remaining 6 in pilot status. As we said on previous calls, we hope that once we started getting people over the wall, this will be a domino effect. So we'll see how that works out in the future, but full 6 left in pilot.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. We've specifically, obviously, been trying to focus on the synergies and getting the cultures in line, but our Vice President of Operation -- excuse me, Vice President of Insurance Work -- is plainly going over this quarter to start initial conversations with those insurance companies. As I mentioned with the 2 that we have signed, 1 signed and 1 soon to be signed, they do write on the continent. So we do plan on obviously picking -- piggybacking those relationships, but we'll be sending a team over there this coming quarter.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. They're still moving forward. We talked about in earlier calls about a program that we're doing with OE parts. We still think that's a good sign that they are looking for alternatives. But unfortunately, nothing new to report on the aftermarket side.
Robert L. Wagman: It's pretty small, Nate. But they do push a lot of their volumes through those own networks. In Northern Ireland, this particular insurance company owns 16 repair shops, and they will push the majority of their business through that -- those shops whenever possible.
Robert L. Wagman: Absolutely. They will have their estimators -- they call them engineers over there. They will have their engineers use these products, so they -- we've been approved now.
Robert L. Wagman: Nate, I think there's plenty of opportunity left, what we call ancillary product lines that touch our business and touch the body shop and mechanical repair. You mentioned transmissions. Absolutely. We manage transmissions as an opportunity. We still are the #2 provider of paint materials in the U.S., so we think there's a great opportunity there. You mentioned cooling. Heavy-duty truck cooling is another line that we -- we're going to look at some more. So there are plenty of businesses that touch the segment that we still have opportunities in for sure.
Robert L. Wagman: Certainly, [indiscernible], John. Obviously, any extreme weather would tend to do well for us. Obviously, snow makes it good for us, but extreme heat will cause a lot of engine failure over time, so really hard to gauge, specifically if it's tied to heat or it's tied to the fact that these -- there's an older model of your car in the United States. The average model of your car is well over 11 years now, so that may have some impact on it, too. But certainly, extreme weather conditions are never a bad thing for our business.
Robert L. Wagman: Fuel rates remain strong, John. Salvage is in the mid 70s. Aftermarket is in the mid-90s, and just maintaining very good. As far as the connection to the CCC pilot, I think what you're referring to is live real-time inventory. So these shops are seeing the inventory. It's updated constantly, so they can get a real accurate picture of the inventory. It's 24/7 as well. So if they happen to be open on Saturdays or Sundays or late at night because of a hailstorm perhaps, they can see the inventories. So it really, certainly, has helped to make them more comfortable. [ph]
Robert L. Wagman: And as you know, we have regional distribution. So we certainly -- they're seeing all that inventory in that entire region within 24 hours. So it's very live, and it is -- aftermarket is really providing that opportunity for us today.
Robert L. Wagman: It is possible that shops may realize some overhead savings, too, because they may be able to have the estimator also do the ordering as well at the same time. So there may be some benefits for them on top of the fact that they're more efficient.
Robert L. Wagman: And John, I just want to add that we are already having daily delivery back-and-forth from the U.K. to Schiedam, the Netherlands.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, Jamie. The -- we're very pleased with the acquisition, as we've mentioned on previous calls, but the primary focus has been on synergies and purchasing synergies. The teams are in lockstep on that. The other goal is to get the distribution between the 2 facilities up and running. We've accomplished that as well. So we're very pleased with the targets that we were hitting already, and well on pace to hit the timeline that we originally set out a couple of months ago. So really no surprises at all as far as what we wanted to get done and where we're headed.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. We honestly did expect a little bit of a lighter year this year because of the tax implications that ended in 2012 capital gains. It has not slowed down. Our M&A team has been busy as they've ever been. We've announced 11 deals to-date now, so we knew 30 going to -- actually, we did 30 deals. We didn't expect to do 30 deals this year. If you just extrapolate, we're heading on a pace of 22. So really in line -- slightly ahead of where we expected. I didn't expect it to be as robust as it is, but it's across all of our divisions, too, heavy truck. As you saw, it was quite a mix, and those 7 acquisitions we announced today of cooling aftermarket -- into the aftermarket division, self-service and full-service. So all of our product lines still remain active with acquisition candidates, and I expect to that to continue for the balance of the year.
Robert L. Wagman: We would like to be respectful of everyone's time. So calling off the call. Thank you, all, for joining the call. We look forward to updating you on our Q3 performance in October. Thanks, everybody.
John S. Quinn: Sure, Bret. It's John. I think we acquired that business partway through the year last year. So really, some of that step-down is just because it's only a partial quarter impact. And so that is basically built into our numbers, and we've anniversaried it. So I don't anticipate being the call [indiscernible] in the future quarters. We are still implementing the strategy there, which is to process more of our catalytic converters through that facility. We've implemented some cutting operations, particularly on the East Coast. So we're starting to gain a little bit of traction there. But I think the full rollout is probably in another year.
John S. Quinn: Well, we disclosed the segment EBITDA for Europe. It's a little bit complicated in so much as some of their product that they buy is -- for example, in the U.K., they buy some products in U.S. dollars and they buy some product in euro as well as sterling. So it's a little bit complicated, but essentially, it's the EBITDA of the European operations, that is vulnerable.
John S. Quinn: 35 plus or minus a little bit, depending on -- because sometimes, there are some discrete items. And obviously, it's going to depend on how quickly the European operations grow relative to the U.S. one.
John S. Quinn: Craig, I think we've talked in the past that our view is excluding the seasonality that unless something changes, things tend to stay the way they are in the short term. And we probably did get a little bit negative impact in Q2 because of falling scrap prices. We did see a little bit of benefit coming through in the car costs on the domestic side. As I had mentioned, the demand obviously went down. Rob mentioned we're buying a little bit better year-over-year, so we are starting to see that theory, if you will, evidence of it coming through in the financials. Then we do have a downtick coming with Sator in the short run because they'll be fully [indiscernible] for a full month next quarter -- full quarter -- next quarter. And we only had them for 2 months. So I would expect it to see a little sequential decline as a result of having them onboard to the full quarter. MST will, as I mentioned earlier, just anniversaried now, so I don't anticipate any impact from that. And you get a little bit sequential impact at having the absence of a decline in the scrap prices. It'll help us a little bit in the next quarter.
John S. Quinn: I don't think we're anticipating any major impact on pricing at this time. I think Rob mentioned that, over time, it may allow us to lever some of the selling costs because people -- you may end up needing -- we're still paying the commission through our sales reps. But over time, you may need fewer sales reps to do -- making them just to be problem solvers as opposed to handling the plain vanilla transaction that's going electronically. So over time, you may see some impact on that. We don't -- we're not anticipating any real change in pricing at this juncture.
John S. Quinn: Just perhaps in -- a little bit more inventory build in the back half of the year, we had some lower tax payments earlier in the year, and those come out for the balance of the year. And it's mainly just working capital swings, nothing -- which I wouldn't take anything out away from that.
John S. Quinn: We do. In the quarter, the total acquisitions revenue trailing was about $400 million, and just [indiscernible] modeling a little bit, so that will be about $100 million a quarter. Within the Q2, we reported $72 million of that $100 million. So in Q3, we'd expect the carryover impact from Q2 acquisitions to be about an incremental $28 million in Q3.
John S. Quinn: It's a combination of the things, Bill. One is that you do get -- it takes about 3 years for the new location to build up. So some of this is what you're seeing in locations that they open prior to our acquisition and then the aggressive opening program that we instituted once we opened them. You're also seeing an impact a little bit of some of the new product lines that we've added in terms of for collision [ph] , for example, it's just growing faster. And it's still very small, but it's growing faster than the business as a whole.
John S. Quinn: No. Against modeling, keep in mind, we only had that facility in place and ventured for 2 months. So you should anticipate the interest expense for the -- the bond in particular for an extra month, it's probably going to increase. The interest in Q3, my guess, we estimate somewhere between $2 million and $3 million.
John S. Quinn: We measure fill rate by -- if the customer calls, do we -- are we able to get them the product within 24 hours? So this is not necessarily going to change that percentage. So I think what -- some of the benefits you see is that the customer saves time making it easier for them because they're ordering it, and not going through one of our people is maybe one less area for error, so we anticipate a little bit of an improvement in sort of our return rates, for example. So we may see some efficiencies overall. But the pilot was also good from our perspective, and we're very happy to get all of this done.
John S. Quinn: Yes, we're going to continue to build it. In fact, when we talked earlier about additional branch openings in the U.K. We've targeted 15 for the balance of this year. That will take us up to circa 147. We think the right number is probably somewhere in 175 to 200 for what we consider a full branch, and then there will be some satellite opportunities in addition to that. Over time, as we grow that, we're going to have to look at the infrastructure associated with that regional hubs and the 2 main central hubs. Because, obviously, we've been growing that business so quickly. You may end up at borrowing capacity there. We're looking at projects right now just to understand exactly if there's any opportunities to rationalize any of the warehousing and the distribution logistics between the U.K. operations and some of the continental operations. Obviously, it carries a lot some of our product. You can get a product across the channel on a ferry within a couple of hours, so it's almost like they're in one remote location in terms of that. So we're examining some of that -- much too early days to make any predictions and objectives where that's going to come out.
John S. Quinn: And in terms of valuation, in many cases, there are other companies that we're buying are family-owned businesses that are coming to some kind of a family event, and we have really not changed our valuation metrics. Many of these companies, we're the only one buying them. And so it's really -- we're competing against somebody who continue to run the business until they retire. And so we haven't really had to change our valuation metrics on many of these smaller deals that we do.
