Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, John. To summarize, we are quite pleased with our results in the second quarter and the first half of the year and we are optimistic of what lies ahead for our company. Looking ahead, in North America, the recent upswing and trend in new vehicle sales bodes well for our collision business because newer vehicles tend to be fully insured with higher premiums and lower deductibles, and if financed, lien holders require the owner of the vehicle to carry mandatory insurance coverage. New cars are more valuable, so they are less likely to total, and from our perspective this means that newer cars are more likely to be repaired than an older vehicle. We also believe that as more new cars are sold, used car prices will eventually fall, which is good for us because it should reduce the cost of salvaged vehicles we procure for our North American recycling business. Simply put, increased new vehicle sales equate to more insured repairs and, therefore, more opportunities for LKQ. The increase in new vehicle sales is also a favorable trend for our new Specialty segment because the most common time for someone to modify their vehicle with specialty products is in the first 2 years of vehicle ownership. The performance of our Specialty segment in the second quarter, I believe, was in part a result of this trend. In Europe, we are in the early innings with capitalizing on the opportunities in that segment. Over the last 3 years, we've gained tremendous knowledge with the success of ECP and their ability to gain share in the U.K. market. Our objective is to replicate ECP's exceptional 2-step distribution and logistics model, in the industry-leading fill rates with Sator and the recent acquisition of the 5 distributors in the Netherlands. And of course, we intend on expanding this model into other European markets and remain committed to our European strategy and the long-term growth prospects for this segment. In closing, our team of over 28,000 employees, working across our geographic and operating segments, collaborate daily to leverage their combined operational expertise with a common goal of maximizing our growth and diversification strategy. This collaboration, coupled with our ability to successfully identify, acquire, integrate and grow these businesses, continues to create a long-term value for our stockholders. Operator, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. The 7%, Jamie, it was basically when we arrived in the U.K. were roughly 5% to 7%. But we think we've had, obviously, a positive impact so we continue to grow the marketplace. But the answer to your question, it really depends on the insurer. The insurer has to buy in -- and of course, I think why we're so successful here in the United States with alternative parts because the insurance company is, in fact, pushing the alternative parts. The nice part about the U.K. is that all the policies of the major insurance companies that we've looked at, all have, in their policy language, the ability to use these alternative parts. So it's going to be a long slog to get this through and get the insurance companies comfortable. But every quarter, we see more and more acceptance, and the growth has just been really, really strong. The second half of your question, about the competitive environment in the U.K. As you know, as we mentioned on the call, one of our largest competitors did go into receivership, they went into mensuration last week. We are currently looking at the various sites that were shuttered in the process and looking to see if we can find geographic holes to fill in our market and expand our distribution network. There are many trained, very talented employees now in the marketplace, and we are looking at opportunities to hire as many of those people as possible. And I think we're very well positioned to inherit a lot of that revenue that they had over there. We are 1 of 2 national companies now left on the marketplace. So we're going after the national accounts. And, again, looking to fill in the geographical holes. As I mentioned in my presentation, we added 20 locations this year, it puts us at 165. Our goal was always about 200. We will look to maybe acquire some of those so we don't have to greenfield those, and that's what we're looking at right now. So we're actively looking at opportunities in the marketplace. But we think it's a great opportunity for us to expand our strength in the U.K. market.
Robert L. Wagman: The main reason, John, was that we had a really healthy backlog coming out of Q1. With the nasty winter weather we had, the auctions were quite plentiful of salvage. So we did stock up quite heavily in Q1. Year-over-year, we are ahead of where we were for the 6 months to 6 months. So we have enough product in the backlog to continue to hit our salvage numbers.
Robert L. Wagman: There is, John. And by the way, the initial lawsuit that they posed against us was for one vehicle. They have several vehicles, actually, in the patent process, so it's bigger than just the one vehicle that was mentioned in the initial lawsuit. So it is settled, and I do believe it's a got a great opportunity because, of course, they always are continuing to patent parts so -- going forward. So that will continue to grow year-over-year. As you've seen in our Ford agreement, every year we seem to get a little more traction in that program, and I expect the same will happen with Chrysler.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. In terms of the mechanical penetration there, Nate, we believe in the United States is roughly 80%. We are -- back-of-the-envelope calculations that -- we've got various sources over there -- somewhere between 50% and 60% penetration of the aftermarket. The OEs had a much stronger foothold there. That has been eroding though, with the passage of the Block Exemption Rule, about 4 years ago, which basically prohibited the OEs from voiding warranty if you put market products on. So we expect the aftermarket marketplace to continue to gain market share from the OEs. In terms of what's the opportunity, we know Unipart roughly had about $225 million worth of business. They had 160 branches. All of those branches were closed. We think there's a great opportunity, especially from a national accounts perspective, to be able to go after that business that they had. I believe roughly 40% of their business was national accounts. And that is really up for grabs and, like I said, which one of the other -- there's only LKQ or Euro Car Parts and another competitor that can possibly get that business. So we're actively going after that. This just happened a week ago, so we're actively pursuing those opportunities as we speak.
Robert L. Wagman: I feel very good about our North American organic growth rate of 5% to 7%. John mentioned in his presentation about the SAAR rate and the continued advantages we have there. That will start to flow through here in the next year, at the latest. We'll start seeing some of those benefits relative to newer car parts. So I'm very confident in that 5% to 7% range. And with KAO, KAO was actually up 11% year-over-year. Even though it's not our [indiscernible] numbers, that bodes well for us that the new cars are starting to get to the marketplace, and as those cars get in accidents, that will definitely be a positive for us. So, feel very confident in the 5% to 7%, certainly long term as those new cars get into the system, but even short term, I think we're pretty good there.
Robert L. Wagman: We have done that research. In fact, John and I had a meeting this week with CCC. We get a quarterly update on what they're seeing in the market. And they gave us an updated chart here. And they are standing by the fact that in 20 years, we should see a reduction of 5% in accident claims, 20 years from now. 5 years, it's predicted to be about 2.5%. So very little impact they're predicting over the coming years. The example we always use, Nate, was the anti-lock brakes that became a requirement somewhere around 1996. Took until about 2011 before 80% of the cars actually had them. So there's a long cycle time to work out the older cars. So we think, comfortably, this 15 to 20 years of very little impact on the accident-avoidance systems.
Robert L. Wagman: I absolutely believe, Craig, what John said is right. Those 36 additional distribution points have been really critical. We're using existing LKQ facilities, so there's no additional costs and we're getting the parts to our customers even quicker. And we're starting the process, starting to share deliveries now as well. So we see that as a win-win. Customers will get the product faster. We'll continue to get additional costs out of those businesses going forward. So that's long term. We've got to get those routes all combined, but I am convinced that those extra drop points are really a key, a benefit for us to get customers more sticky with us in terms of them wanting to buy from us.
Robert L. Wagman: I'll comment through June -- up to July, I mean, they're having a very good July as well. I think we're going to see continued growth there, strong growth. We originally -- when we announced the deal, we thought we'd grow North American 5% to 7%, I think you'll see strong growth. We'll be at the high end of that range, if not higher, I feel pretty confident going forward.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. There are a couple of things, Craig, on the Sator organic. Mainly, I think the most important ones is we did buy our 5 best customers, and that revenue went from organic to intercompany. Even though the deal didn't close until May, it was announced in April for the competition commission to get involved. So it was basically the whole quarter. And I'm -- what's hard to really quantify, we're pretty certain some of the remaining customers likely moved a portion of their spend elsewhere. If another competitor had the product, they didn't want to spend it with us. There was no mass leaving of customers, but we believe that their spend likely was diversified outside of LKQ. A little bit of an impact with the export business. We had a pretty decent excellent export business into Russia and the Ukraine. That, obviously, had a little bit of an impact with the political disruption in those markets. It was a mild winter in Europe, which didn't help our Q2. So I think all those factors combined a little bit to drive down the organic growth. The 5 locations that we did buy are performing to plan. It's been a couple of months since we've had them under our belt, but they are performing to our performer expectations. And customers are seeing better fill rates with us. Obviously, we're selling more of our products into those customers we bought. So we're very happy with that progress of the 5 locations we bought. We are looking, obviously, as we mentioned on the last call, Craig, that those are 52 locations. We think the optimum number is 75. So we'll look to buy a few more acquisitions in that marketplace to fill up the market and cover the entire Netherlands. So -- and finally, on that, we did pro forma a decrease in growth with those 5 acquisitions because we knew some of our customers would likely look for alternative sources. So all in all, it's expected, and we think with the 5, now we can start to drive the organic growth as we get more comfortable.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, that business -- the Specialty business is a lower gross margin, John, so as we gain market share and grow the business, it will be a slight deterioration on our overall gross margin as they continue to outperform.
Robert L. Wagman: I think it's minimal on the grants, de minimis on the grants, on the overall company performance. But it is slightly margin dilutive, that business.
Robert L. Wagman: I think it's been realized, Bill. I think the good customer defections would have been gone by now. I'd say, I think it's probably losing -- they're losing a little bit of their spend, but we haven't lost a significant customer through this process.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, the auctions have been very steady, Bill. We haven't seen a huge spike out of -- from all that winter weather. So we track the number of vehicles that we see at the auctions and very, very steady. As far as our cost, it is slightly up year-over-year. However, that is almost by plan because we're actually trying to buy a better car to fulfill our needs. So slight increase in the car cost, but pretty much the plan. As I said, nice backlog at our facilities, and the auctions have been very, very steady. One thing I do want to talk about a little bit about is on the scrap impact as it relates to that. We were down year-over-year, about $10 a ton and, sequentially, we were down $9 a ton. And we see a slight uptick in July. So we've seen a little bit -- at least the bottom seems to have hit there. But year-to-date, we lost about $0.01 of EPS due to the scrap being down over the course of the year. So hopefully, that stabilizes and we don't lose any more on the scrap line.
Robert L. Wagman: Actually, it's pretty steady, but the Manheim year-to-date -- actually, year-over-year, is up about 3.6%, so that's remaining high. Everyone we've heard talk about that seems to think that has to be the end of it. It's going to start coming down because of the SAAR rate, but auction prices happen to be pretty steady.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. Sam, I kind of wish we never used the word pilot because it obviously signifies that it's a test. The fact that no insurance company -- we launched this back in March of 2012, has stopped writing the product. I believe it's just a word that we probably regret using. We are in full-status program with these guys. Again, just taking away the word pilot. The growth that -- double-digit strong, 33% this quarter off a mild winter, I think we can continue to see those programs last. I would say we're over the hump right now with most of the carriers on the uneasiness about using these parts. Everyone has been committed to the program, and no one is showing any signs of taking back with their stance on the aftermarket parts.
Robert L. Wagman: The nice part about this, Sam, is they're the exact same manufacturers for us here in North America, so we have them fully committed to putting more certified parts into the program, both here and the north -- and in the U.K. In fact, we had an increase of certified parts of 33% here in North America. So no issues at all with our manufacturers whatsoever.
Robert L. Wagman: It's certainly helped, Gary, there was definitely a backlog going into Q2. We're in constant contact with our customers. They still feel that there's work in the field, whether that's late in the winter or now it's the hailstorms or just normal conditions. But volume's been pretty good through July. We're very pleased with the amount of locked work at the shops.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, it's really early days, Scott. We just got all the systems communicating with each other, so the reps on both sides can see the product. It's mainly cooling products at this point, radiators, condensers, that stuff that goes into those specialty shops as well. But very pleased to have that inventory there. They actually -- I think the big potential win here will be the muscle car. Those specialty shops do tend to work on those type of vehicles, and those 20,000 SKUs of the Goodmark muscle car parts, that opens up a new opportunity to move that. It's not a huge market, the specialty -- muscle car market, but we have a nice line to be able to go after those customers now. So early days, but the communication is going back and forth and the products are flowing. And again, with 36 of their locations now -- LKQ locations as their drop point, much easier to get to them to as well.
Robert L. Wagman: We've done nothing yet. At this point, Scott, our plan was to get the 3 to 2 the companies -- Sator companies under -- through the consolidation process. We are working on that. But I believe, by Q4, we'll start putting some insurance marketing people over there. And hopefully, by Q1 of next year, we should be able to launch a program over there with parts.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. Sequentially, we had a 15% growth in orders and a 14% growth in dollars and they've over 4,200 shops enrolled at this point. So slow but steady, but still growing. And salvage will be in pilot, so that they'll be able to order salvage in Q4 with a rollout in Q1 of 2015. So moving ahead very nicely. We want to be courteous of your time, so we'll wrap up here. Thank you, everyone, for your time this morning, and we look forward to speaking to you in October when we report our third quarter 2014 results. Have a good day.
John S. Quinn: And Jamie, just to supplement what Rob said a little bit. In terms of the collision business, the company Rob's referring to is called Unipart Automotive. They did not distribute body panels. They did a little bit of collision work in terms of lighting and that sort of thing. But in terms of the mechanical market, great opportunity for us and I don't think it's really going to impact our -- the cadence of the acceptance of collision parts, particularly.
John S. Quinn: Yes, it tends to be a little lower gross margin business, John, but -- and we believe we get that back on an ROIC basis due, typically, you're just holding inventory prior to it being distributed on our own vehicles. I think the example we've always pointed to is back when we did the AkzoNobel acquisition and we bought 40 of their locations, and a little over 30 of them ended up in our existing locations. And so from an ROIC point of view, I think that they're quite attractive, but they are a little bit lower gross margin businesses. And you heard us refer to that, some of the gross margin deterioration year-over-year is just a result of the acquisitions in August last year associated with the U.K. paint deals.
John S. Quinn: Yes, I think the point I was trying to make was that, obviously, the bigger driver that changed the margins has been the acquisitions, and those are masking the overall improvement. And we had about a 70 basis point improvement in North America. The other point I was trying to make was that because other revenue is becoming -- is shrinking relative to the rest of the size of the business, that's masking the leverage that we're getting out of the SG&A and the distribution network a little bit. Because if you look at those numbers, they're coming down as a total percent of revenue as well in many cases. But had we kept that other revenue higher simply because of commodity prices being higher, you would have seen those come down much more. The fact that we're compensating for that drop in other revenue is masking a little bit of the improvement in the operating leverage that we're getting in the base business. That was the point I was trying to make, John.
John S. Quinn: It's a little bit of a gross margin improvement on -- particularly, this quarter, we saw our self-serve and our aftermarket businesses taking a little bit of an uptick and then it's just that down below the gross margin line is just leveraged throughout the entire network.
John S. Quinn: Yes, I think that's right, John. A couple of things on the 3, 2 -- excuse me, the Netherlands acquisitions. The -- initially, we have to defer the intercompany revenue profit on -- associated with those sales. And so -- and once we get those fully integrated and get an inventory turn in there, you'll start to see a little bit of improvement in the Sator margins. ECP has opened 20 branches this year, they've incurred some of those costs in the first half of the year. As we've said before, those branches take a little while to get profitable. So I would anticipate the margins in the U.K. coming up over time as those branches expand and as they take advantage of, hopefully, our revenue part [ph] associated with that and the bankruptcy of Unipart.
John S. Quinn: There is a seasonality to that business, I think Q2 is probably their strongest quarter. Obviously, we haven't owned the business for -- a little over 6 months. So -- but we anticipate that Q4 is probably going to be softer on that.
John S. Quinn: Well, the total, including the Sator piece, is $220 million. And in the quarter -- that equates about $55 million per quarter. In the quarter, we reported $25 million, so you can anticipate about $30 million on average, again, taking out seasonality. But we should have a $30 million revenue still to come on a quarterly basis.
John S. Quinn: Yes, I think so. Basically, we were making a profit selling to the distributors, distributors were making a profit, so you've got -- once you eliminate that intercompany revenue, ultimately, we anticipate a slight uptick in the gross margins. We had to defer the profit on the intercompany sales until we get a turn in inventory. So we didn't get much benefit from that in Q2, probably won't get much benefit in Q3, start to see a little bit better improvement in Q4.
John S. Quinn: If you look back many years ago, our strongest quarters tend to be Q1, followed by Q4. The point I was trying to make, I think, was with the European businesses, Q4 tends to be a little bit lighter than, say, Q2. And the Keystone automotive business, there's a lot of recreational associated -- especially with people who want to enhance their vehicles. But a lot of that tends to take place in the summer months. So we're anticipating a little step-down in the Keystone automotive in Q4.
