Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, John. To summarize, we are quite pleased with our first quarter 2014 results and proud of how our team of over 26,000 employees performed in the midst of some unusual weather-related operating challenges during the quarter in both North America and Europe and nonoperational headlines that could have impacted our morale, performance and long-term strategy. But collectively, we never took our eye off the ball and got it done. And with that, Devin, we'd like to open the line for Q&A.
Robert L. Wagman: We were not involved in that decision, Nate. Of course, we regularly pitch our products and services to State Farm. They came this -- upon this on themselves, and they did it in conjunction with the rollout of PartsTrader. And as PartsTrader has gone across the country, obviously, we've seen more and more sales. Our reps that are on PartsTrader reviewing those estimates know about those 2 part types and are pushing them hard. So while we can't comment -- I don't know for sure how much of that percentage increase was related to State Farm because not all times that we know there's a repair or tell us who they're repairing a car for. But clearly, the 29% and 33% increases, some of that was related to State Farm's new policy. With an 18%-plus market share, they're a mover, obviously. So we're monitoring this, and we still, as I said in my prepared remarks, in constant communication with State Farm. And hopefully, they continue to expand the product offerings.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. I would expect that they'll continue to move, Nate. The fact that they haven't signed anything, I wouldn't read anything into that. We certainly haven't. The fact that of the 15 that are in pilots, plus the rental car company we announced today as well, none of them have stopped writing it, so they continue to write it. And I think some of them are averse to actually signing a contract. But we do have 2 under contract, and the rental car company is under a contract as well. But I suspect it will continue to move along as we continue to grow our product offering.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure, Craig. The -- we have a tie-in with every one of our customers over there with our computer system. We've been in contact with every one of those other jobbers. Some of them have offered to sell us their business. These 5 acquisitions give us 52 facilities. We think the right number is circa 75. So we're going fill in the balance either through acquisition or greenfield. So we've gotten some inquiries about selling the businesses, but we haven't had one defection as of yet. Some of that certainly is at risk. They could probably find somebody else, but the tie-in with the computer system, they use our operating system, actually, to order a lot of parts and to actually manage their business. So it's going to be pretty difficult for them to get away from us, and as of now, we've had no defections whatsoever.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, absolutely. Basically, what we have -- the system that the jobbers use actually ties right into our system live. It's called My Grossier [ph], my best attempt at Dutch, where basically, we -- they can see our inventory. We can see what they're doing as well in terms of ordering, so it's pretty intricate. We have looked at that as an ECP potential model to move to other parts of Europe. But at this point, we're still, obviously, just looking at that. And then now with the acquisitions now going into a 2-step model, we'll have to relook at that as well. But it is an interesting system where we get really full visibility of what our customers are doing.
Robert L. Wagman: We don't have the access to -- we don't have the ability to see what they're doing, though we do in Holland. So it's very intriguing, and we're looking at ways to replicate that in the U.K. at some point.
Robert L. Wagman: Pretty much every country has some level of 2-step and 3-step, but the vast majority of Western Europe is predominantly going to be 2-step. There are some 3-steppers still out there, but the bigger companies are going to be 2-step.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. John, the integration has actually gone much quicker than we expected. As we mentioned -- as I mentioned, we closed 11 cross-stocks. We also moved about 14 locations into existing locations. To give you a quick example, Keystone was delivering into the Dallas market from Kansas City, and they were driving through Oklahoma City. And they would drive to Dallas, drop off all the parts, and then trucks would then leave Dallas to go service the Oklahoma City. That shuttle truck is now stopping in Oklahoma City, dropping off the products for Oklahoma City and local LKQ/Keystone drivers delivering those products. So we're seeing a tremendous amount of freight going from Dallas all the way back to Oklahoma City, where that truck is already going by. So that's some of the found synergies that we really didn't anticipate, quite frankly, is 14 of those locations. We're on plan for synergies on both the financial and the operational side. We -- as I mentioned on the last call, at some point, we want to bring some products to Europe to try and test this. We've actually -- I actually personally met with the CEO of our Keystone operation, with one vendor in Chicago, and we're going to launch, hopefully, something in late Q2 to start bringing some products into Europe as a trial. Meeting the vendors, we're seeing some cross-selling opportunities, as we discussed. One of the things that we found was, in the RV side of the business, there's a lot of these dealerships have paint and repair businesses, and we're already starting to market our paint products into those RV businesses. The LKQ reps already have access to the Keystone inventory, so they can now sell that product. It just started about a week ago, so it's really too early to say what the impact of that's going to be. And then, of course, Keystone has access to the muscle car products, our cooling products and as well as our reman engines, so that is now starting to cross-sell. So we're pretty bullish on, hopefully, what the cross-selling opportunities are. And most importantly to me, the cultures are in lock step. They're a growth-oriented company. We are too. And we're very pleased with that acquisition. And just finally, one last thing on Keystone. We approved a new distribution center in Texas. That's a big market for the Keystone. As I said, we're servicing Kansas City now, and we're going to have our own distribution center there. So really excited about what we got going in the works there.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. We track weekly, John, the number of vehicles at the auctions. And we've only seen a modest spike so far. So I assume the Coparts and the ADESAs and the insurance auto auctions are sitting on a backlog because we haven't seen it hit the auctions yet. And it generally does take 2 months before it gets through the systems. But we certainly expect that if that volume increases as much as the number of total losses that likely took place in Q1, we do expect it to have a positive impact on Manheim, thereby lowering, hopefully, our cost. But haven't seen that yet. Our auction costs actually were, year-over-year, just down slightly. But I would also mention that scrap is down, so that could be just a scrap relation. But we do expect Manheim to eventually start to lighten up a little bit here, hopefully soon.
Robert L. Wagman: Well, the Internet bidding has been around really -- [indiscernible] Copart's initial, I think, came out in '04, if I'm not mistaken, maybe even earlier than that. So it's been around for quite a bit of time. So those multi-bid functions have been there for quite a while. We've been dealing with them. So I don't see any additional impact because they've been open for quite a few years. So really not expecting to see anything there negative.
Robert L. Wagman: No. They authorized the use of certified aftermarket chrome front and rear bumpers, and anyone who carries a certified bumper has the ability to sell that product.
Robert L. Wagman: On the collision part, yes. They have written radius condensers, but that's considered mechanical. This was really the first collision part they've entered the marketplace with.
Robert L. Wagman: Honestly, Bret, just anecdotally, we hear -- because a lot of the cars were drivable, so you might drive by a shop and not see many cars there. But just because the car is drivable, it is scheduled to come in. I can say that we don't give, honestly, guidance for the quarter. But I will say that, for the first 3 weeks of April, it appears that the shops are working through some backlog. But it's really, really tough to say how much backlog is actually out there.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. It's -- obviously, they're just basically on pick-up trucks. So it's a pretty limited line, mainly Ford, Chevy and Dodge. But the 4 manufacturers don't carry much. But as you know, the F-150 is the #1-selling vehicle in the United States. So it's not a huge product line. It is pretty limited in that respect.
Robert L. Wagman: No. It's basically being done through -- NSF is the certifying body for most of those products. I think CAPA does a few, but it's mainly NSF.
Robert L. Wagman: Still progressing. The growth sequentially was 23% in revenue. Again, that's off a small base, but the volume was up 30%. So still gaining traction. Roughly still around 4,000 shops in the program, Scott. Salvage, though, this is -- right now, we're just solely limited to aftermarket. Salvage is slated to roll out in late summer, and that seems to be on target. And CCC tells us they're averaging about 80 shops a month that are being enabled. So they're getting deeper and deeper into this thing. And actually, CCC is actually running some contests to get more shops involved. So they're stepping up on their side. I'm still really very excited about the product, mainly because it's -- the shop is doing most of the work. But the biggest ancillary benefit is that their returns have dropped dramatically as the shops do the -- keen to do a better job keying in the product than our reps were, what we were being told to key in. So very excited about the program, and hope it continues to grow.
Robert L. Wagman: We have not. This will be Phase 2 of that now with the locations that we acquired at Sator, the 5 locations. We'll now be able to go direct to those shops. So probably later this year, we'll start bringing our insurance team over there to start marketing to the insurance companies. And hopefully, later this year or early next year, we'll start our collision parts program there on the continent.
Robert L. Wagman: It's growing -- in Q1, year-over-year -- and again, it's not -- we're not obviously reporting it as organic growth yet, but it was mid to high single digits.
Robert L. Wagman: No. We said it's going to grow more North America, but they had a really good Q1. So we think it's going to be somewhere between the 5% to 7%.
Robert L. Wagman: Well, April definitely slows down compared to March just because of the backlog from January to February. But we think we're going to track on plan for April.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, we're going to bring those 9 finish by -- hopefully, by the end of Q2, actually. A few of them may go into early Q3. And at that point, Sam, we'll reevaluate if we can do more. But we'll hit the 165 for no problem at all.
Robert L. Wagman: No indication past the chrome bumpers, and I really don't know what the pick-up truck population in the U.S. is today. But it's certainly a lot smaller than the car population. But yes, you're just going to find these, Bill, to your point, basically just on pick-up trucks. That's all they'll be on.
Robert L. Wagman: None whatsoever at this point. And with that, we'll be back in about 3 months to give you an update on our results for Q2. Thanks for joining the call, everybody.
John S. Quinn: Yes, I think we had a 34% rate in Q1. Absent some discrete items, I would say probably in that range, 34%, maybe 34.5% for the rest of the year.
John S. Quinn: Yes. And we're thinking it's probably going to be sort of more North American mid single digits on those 2 components.
John S. Quinn: Yes, and it actually goes down to the garage level. So the garage uses our software. They use that to look up inventory, not only at our customers but they can actually see right through to our inventory. And then they can order those parts. So they order -- the garages are ordering from our customers using our software, and they're sort of an intermediary in there.
John S. Quinn: We just -- we saw a little bit better margins in the businesses here. I did mention that other revenue was down. Some of that was the aluminum furnaces and precious metals businesses being down. Those tend to be relatively lower-margin businesses. So as that other revenue came down, it was probably a slight benefit to the margins, which is why we said don't count all of that 70 basis points. It's just sort of the math on product mix. We did see a little bit improvement in the margin in the late model [ph] of the salvage business and a little bit improvement on the aftermarket parts costs. It was pretty widespread, frankly, other than we did get those benefits just from having lower other revenue, which probably hurt us on the operating leverage on the facility and warehouse and other below-the-line costs.
John S. Quinn: I think if you strip out the other revenue, it's probably fairly consistent, right? I haven't got my notes in front of me, but I think you're right. I think we've said around 50 bps is our number currently.
John S. Quinn: I've always said this thing's going to be lumpy. And you've got to kind of adjust for the fact that you look like you're getting operating leverage when scrap costs are going up and it looks like you're losing it when they're going down. But I don't think we've changed our view with respect to that in terms of it's our belief that we can grow the business organically the way we do and then supplement that with some acquisitions. We ought to be able to see leverage coming through like we did this quarter in depreciation. And as I said, if you adjust for the other revenue, you do see that leverage in the North American operations, and we did see a little bit in the gross margin. But I don't know that's so much operating leverage as just cost structure in terms of price range for the cars.
John S. Quinn: I think the things that are sort of different is Keystone Automotive is -- their strongest quarter, we believe, is going to be Q2. What we did see is the European businesses, and it's our understanding that Keystone also are pretty light in Q4.
John S. Quinn: Yes. I'll just give you some indication. The -- we acquired about $152 million through that deal. They were one of the causes of the increase in the inventory in the quarter. So quarter end, they were at about $166 million. The type of programs you're talking about, you're right, this has more potential for that sort of a financing structure. We don't have any plans in place at the moment, but given we're -- that refinancing of our credit facility, it can be more interesting, I suspect, in terms of it's really a leverage play. So I won't say never, but we don't have anything in the hopper at the moment.
