Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Varun for the financial overview. Let me restate our key initiatives, which continue to be central to our culture and our objectives. First, we will continue to integrate our businesses and simplify the operating model. Second, we will continue to focus on profitable revenue growth and sustainable margin expansion. Third, we will continue to drive high levels of cash flow, which in turn give us the flexibility to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy; and fourth, we will continue to invest in our future. As you can see from our results, our company executed on each of these initiatives in the second quarter and for that I offer a tremendous thank you to each of our 43,000 plus team members across the globe that make it happen each and every day, really define what it means to be LKQ proud.  And with that operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Nick Zarcone: Yes, I would put that in probably that order labor first. Because you have to remember that over 60% of our operating expenses, ultimately come back to people, it's the biggest portion of the, on the P&L the biggest expense. And so, and we have 43,000 plus people around the globe, so that's number one. The second would be freight. And that not only relates to ocean freight, which is up significantly, but also, the domestic freight, whether it be in the U.S. or in Europe, and then, some people put fuel as part of freight, we try and separate it out, obviously, if you can track oil prices, they've been up as well. I'd point to you Page 7 of our deck, which kind of sorts out where we have saved money over the past year or so. And you know, most of the savings has been on the people side and then secondly on the delivery side and then finally kind of facilities and the like. So, again, I would put it in that order; think about people, freight, and then fuel.
Nick Zarcone: Absolutely. So I mean, we are always looking for ways to add to our strength as our organization and whether that comes in acquiring in new geographies where we don't have a presence, whether it comes from acquiring new product lines or new skill sets. Obviously, the focus currently is on kind of newer technologies. Right? So we've made a number of acquisitions over the last year in the whole diagnostics and calibration space. And we're building up a very nice business there. As you know, and we've mentioned in the call, the Green Bean acquisition in Q2, that relates to battery technologies. And, again, we all know that ultimately battery being able to service and deal with EV batteries, whether it's hybrids or battery electric vehicle batteries is going to become important, so you should expect additional investment in that area. So anything we can do to evolve our product and service set and the services is a key component there, relative to the evolution of the car park, that's what we're going to do. And so, you should expect that you will see additional acquisitions, probably smaller, because particularly in these newer technologies, there are no big companies out there to buy. So we can, again, make sure that we are on the cutting edge as it relates to what we can provide our customers.
Nick Zarcone: Yes. Great question. Obviously, the supply chain not just in our industry, but in most industries is under duress at the moment. For us, it really depends. Actually, the business and the product line, because there's significant differences across the, LKQ platform. Like in salvage, there's no impact, because all that products is here. And it's easy for us to get at the options. Our aftermarket business here however, most of the aftermarket collision products for the whole industry, not just us ours comes out of Taiwan and it's not an issue related to our ability to procure the product. The manufacturers have the ability to stamp out the parts. The issue is getting it from the warehouses in Taiwan to the warehouses in Tampa or Toledo or Topeka, or wherever we need them here in the US. And everyone knows what's going on the issues related to container capacity; Port congestion is a major issue. I mean, we've got ships sitting on the water, just waiting to be unloaded. There's a lack of capacity to unload the ships. There's a shortage of drivers to do the dredge within the ports that meaning moving the cans around. And then there's a shortage of trucking capacity to actually get the containers from the ports to our locations. So what's that doing, it's extending the timeframe of how long it takes us to get product. And it's costing a little bit more money. The good news is the vast majority of our ocean freight is under contract, at least for quite some time now and going into the future. Spot rates, as you know, are up anywhere from six to eight fold. The good news is, again we're under contract. We're bring in 15,000 containers a year, that's 300 containers a week. And I wouldn't want to be a company that's importing 300 containers a year, or 50 containers a year, which many of our smaller competitors are dealing with. So we don't have the inventory that we want, but we can -- we're making it work. And clearly, we think we're in a better position than most of the small players out in the marketplace. Now you move over the specialty, and it's different. Yes, they bring some products in from the Far East and we're dealing with the exact same issues as in the aftermarket in North America. But they also source the majority of their product domestically or at least within North America. And there are the real issues, the capacity or the manufacturers who simply cannot keep up with demand. We would like to have more inventory in our specialty group. We've said in the past quarters, and this quarter was true as well, we've probably lost some revenue because we then have products on the shelves. But again, as the largest distributor and what we do, we are doing much better than the smaller competitors. And Europe is somewhere in between Bret. I mean, the reality is, they import less product from Asia than we do in our North American collision business. But they are also experiencing some tight supplies on certain products that are produced within the EU. So it's creating issues, but we think we're doing a pretty good job of managing through.
Nick Zarcone: And Stephanie some of the seasonality just goes along with holiday patterns. Obviously, August tend to be a very soft month in this industry as people are on vacation in Europe. And then once you get to the holidays, things really shut down, really after the pretty close to the second half of December.
Nick Zarcone: Absolutely. So we think that the best way to look at it given the I mean, the total disruption in 2020 is to compare our organic growth because collision claims actually in the second quarter of 2019, which was a normal year for CCC when comparing 2021 to 2019 was down 15%, 15% and LKQ organic was down 9%.
Nick Zarcone: Well, there's no doubt, but as we grow from a overall dollar perspective than that means, more deliveries, more trucks on the road, more people in the warehouse. We can't just grow revenue and not add back any headcount. But I've been pretty straightforward with all of my direct reports that we need to see the revenue rebound prior to bringing and adding personnel or any really, any real expense back onto the P&L. And so, we think that on -- take North America, set our ongoing basis, we've reset sustainable margins in the high 16s. And if you recall, 2018, we are 12, 7 2019. We are 13, 7 at our Analysts Day in 2020. We -- addressing people to be north of 15. Last quarter, we told people in the low 16s and here what's on people on a permanent basis. Long term when you take out all the ancillary ups and downs related to them that [indiscernible] like high 16s is a good target. And so and we anticipate that we're going to have to bring some level of expense back to allow us to have the capacity to grow our revenue base.
Nick Zarcone: Well, we certainly appreciate your time and attention here this morning. Your interest in LKQ means a lot to us. We'd look forward to having another conversation with you in about 90 days when we report our third quarter results at the end of October. So we'll talk to everybody at that point in time, but again, we appreciate your interest and once again, a big shout out to the 43,000 folks who come to work every day at LKQ. You really make the magic happen. Thank you.
Varun Laroyia: Good morning, Craig. Great question and great to hear from you. Yes, incredibly pleased with the company early firing on all cylinders, you know across revenue margin the goals of free cash flow conversion coming through and then also the way we have deployed it. With last year's specific question about the recent investment grade rating initiation by Fitch, in itself it makes no change to either our credit facility or for that matter vendor terms. But if you go back, and this is a public document, and go through our credit facility agreement, within that piece we have a prewired clause which essentially states that if one of the two currently named rating agencies were to make LKQ and award them -- award us a investment grade rating, the means of our senior secured facility drop off and that as you can imagine is a significant number which of course is the standard fee in our $1 billion credit facility, so that's one piece where the links drop off and it becomes unsecured. The second piece is, within the credit facility we have a current feeling that our indebtedness through for grade payables cannot exceed 180 days. So again, just to recap, the Fitch decision in itself does not change anything today, but clearly being one of the three key rating agencies out there, one of them has this view of us, I have no doubt that given the ongoing discussions with the other two rating agencies, they too will come around. I don’t believe it's a question of if, it's more a question of when.
Varun Laroyia: Daniel, good morning. Yes, it is Varun Laroyia and listen, it's an excellent question. Before I get to the specifics of answering your question, I just want to make sure that all of our 43 plus 1000 associates globally are given a big shout out, what our field teams have done globally, from branch to a warehouse to a dismantling yard, has just been nothing short of phenomenal. Our success, LKQ's success is directly attributable to our field teams. And the last 17, 18 months have not been easy. But they are the ones that have kept this company humming along. And really exceeding everyone's expectations and putting up yet another record quarter. Yes, you're right, with regards to North America margins at 20.8% in the current quarter, or 19.9% in Q1, this is higher than what our long-term expectation has been, has been very clear, both in the first quarter and now most recently, in my prepared comments. Precious metals have been a benefit. And we estimate and if you go to see Slide 28 in the earnings deck, we've actually given transparency in terms of how scrap metal and precious metal prices have been trading. And really what level of benefit has come through, we estimate roughly 350 basis points of that 20.8% margin that North America has put is directly attributable to scrap and precious metal prices. Even if you were to get these out, the business is still delivered well north of 17 points. And so that really is what gives us a lot of comfort, could we have done better, perhaps, but there are inflationary pressures, I'd say the single biggest challenge at this point of time, not just for LKQ, but I'd say across the entire industry here in the United States has been labor, and labor, essentially, whether it be availability, or whether it'd be the cost to get that labor. It is leading to congestion at ports, it's leading to higher freight costs, because delivery drivers are incredibly difficult to find. But that has been the key piece. And that's why I come back full circle. In terms of giving a massive shout out to our field teams, we have been running short with regards to labor availability. We have taken wages up also, just to make sure that we are market competitive. But we have got branch managers, plant managers, DNs going and making deliveries because we want to make sure that while we have the right part of the right place, we continue to serve our customers. Without customers, we really don't have a business and just want to make sure that that is heard loud and clear our fee procedures and outstanding.
Varun Laroyia: Yes, absolutely, yes. I think that's what we've kind of said in the earnings call so that salvage prices have been running pretty high for quite some time. But again, it's partly to do with where the dollar has been creating. So lots of export trade has been taking place. As we know there's been a shortage of chips and so OEM sales have come down. As a result, huge cut prices in our precious metals around that is certainly flowing through our COGS also. There is no doubt about it.
Varun Laroyia: Yes, and Brian this is very consistent with what we've been talking about for quite some time, including at our Investor Day that, M&A, while it may seem that the pace of M&A has slowed down, not really, really the focus has been different, rather than going whale hunting. As the European segment was built up, the focus has really been as Nick said, the focus has been on high synergy tuck-ins and building critical capabilities and that focus remains.
Varun Laroyia: Great question, Bret. The biggest uplift really will be from our European business. And just given the nature of the European business and how we compare that from April's optimization program relative to say the Big Four here on car parc site in North America. Our North American business per se, we have some opportunity. But if you think of the salvage business, whether self serve, or full serve, is just a different business model. Right? So if you think about the size and scale of a European business, which at this point of time is roughly half the company, that really is where the opportunity is, and we certainly see that there's further upside down there, not just with the fact that we would get the investment grade rating at some point of time. And so the 180 day, ceiling obviously gets lifted, that's more of a tactical piece, but more on an ongoing basis as the team how that continues. It's active discussions with a number of our vendor partners. The focus really had been let's get to the top 40 and then the team continues to go further down the chain, as part of the overall supplier rationalization discussions, making sure that we continue to get our calls at attractive prices, but also had what we believe to be market convention terms.
Varun Laroyia: Good morning, Stephanie. It's Varun out here, and let me take that question. So first of all, really pleased with how our European business continues to perform. If you go back when we initiated the one LKQ Europe program and formally gave margin targets. We basically call for exiting sustainable double digit margins at the end of 2021 backwards in September of 2019. Amazing how fast time goes by, but we are now in the last six months of that three-year journey. And the way the team has navigated these incredibly choppy and turbulent times, with a pandemic thrown in for good measure has been nothing short of phenomenal, really pleased with the team out there, as you obviously have made out, we do have a number of relatively new leaders out there also. But really, the point being in terms of the talent that we needed, we have out there this point of time, very optimistic about the future also, more to the point about your specific question about a slowdown in the second half. Not really, if you actually go back and see the European business historically, and obviously take our 2020 because that was the pandemic here, or at least and it's still continuing. But if you drill back historically, Q1 and Q2, typically are strong Q3 is also relatively strong. But then Q4 is typically, seasonally the weakest for our European business. So it's really it's kind of seasonal is what we are thinking about in terms of how we are forecasting that European business more than anything else, as of now. There obviously are, a lot of flip flop measures taking place as the country opens, as the country, not open yesterday morning, the United Kingdom said that EU and U.S. travelers that have had the double jab would be welcomed without a quarantine, one never knows, you know whether that continues or not. About four weeks ago, we held our European leadership conference that was held virtually, all of our platform leaders that were on the continent did make it into our European headquarters in Switzerland, with the exception of our UK leadership team. And again, that just tells you in terms of what's happening out there. But overall, the way the program is coming along, how the team – is executing, we feel good about it. And that is essentially, what gives us the confidence to be able to lift the floor on the 9.2 to up to 10/3 up by about 30 basis points to a 9/5 to a 10.3% full year segment EBITDA margin for the European business. And let me kind of just one final piece, also say these numbers include roughly about 20 to 30 basis points of transformation expenses. And at times, it is easy to overlook those pieces, but that is also a drag. But that is the way we have been reporting it. So that number that I just quoted, includes at least in the first half of 20 basis points drag, you can obviously take that away. And, clearly we do expect to accelerate the transformation efforts in the second half.
