Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Varun. As a company, we are always focused on financial performance. But we are equally focused on facing change head-on and rapidly adapting in order to continuously deliver positive results for our stockholders, employees, and most importantly, our customers.  In the first quarter, our team of nearly 44,000 employees globally maintained that focus, which again allowed us to deliver positive results above expectations. I am very proud of our team and the outstanding results we posted in the first quarter of 2021.  And with that operator, we are now ready to open the call to questions. 
Nick Zarcone: Thanks, Stephanie. And the reality is, we're operating in an unusual environment. And volumes in our North American and European businesses are okay, they're not great, but they're okay, and they're still constrained relative to 2019. But as Varun indicated, we've been very disciplined on the pricing front, and there's no need to give away products at discounted prices, particularly in those cases where we're the only supplier that may have the product. So we've been very disciplined in our pricing. We have seen some creep in the cost of goods sold just because of the inflationary pressures at some of our suppliers, and we're doing our best to recover that and maintain gross margins, and we're comfortable with our approach. We have not seen significant pushback from our customers. The reality is we're not alone. The entire industry is facing the same sedated conditions. On the specialty side, the growth there was largely due to volumes just going through the row [ph], which was terrific. And again, our specialty team is paying particular attention to be really disciplined on the pricing front.
Nick Zarcone: Yes. So we're really proud of our remanufacturing operations. They've done a terrific job over the last several quarters, not just in the first quarter. The salvage markets are tight. And the prices we're paying for the cars are higher today than they were a year ago or even two years ago, and part of it reflects the fact that the number of cars just going through the auctions are down just given the overall level of driving and overall level of accidents and total losses. But again, we're working hard to make sure that we keep our margins at really healthy levels. And the fact that we've got a great team on the remanufacturing side that's able to produce a product that customers are needing has really helped.
Nick Zarcone: Sure. I'll take that. It's been an interesting year. A year ago, at this time, April through June, vehicle miles traveled were down significantly in the United States and in Europe, the U.S. hit a low point really in the second, third week of April 2020 being down better part of 55% or so. If you look at really from kind of mid-to-late June through the November timeframe, VMT in the United States was down in and around anywhere from 9% to 12% kind of week-in, week-out. So, the last part of 2020 was down about 15%, really from -- through Thanksgiving into the end of the year. And then more recently, though, it's picked up. And in the last few weeks, VMT in the U.S. was down, say, 5%. And I'm talking about passenger cars. Truck miles has actually been positive really since last summer, but almost our revenue relates to passenger vehicles and that's what we focus on. As I mentioned in some of my prepared remarks, the European activity in mobility, again, in the first quarter started off really slow. It did rebound. And here in April, we're still below 2019 levels. But only down kind of low -- we believe low-single digits from a VMT perspective in Europe, but there are some variations country by country. So when you look at – the question behind your question I believe is when do we get back to 2019 kind of revenue levels and VMT levels, right? And we think in the United States, it's going to take us a bit longer. We think it's going to take until 2022 to get back to 2019 levels. In Europe, which is a little bit closer from a starting point perspective, we can see getting back to 2019 levels in the third or fourth quarter of this year. It all depends on how the vaccine gets rolled out and whether people truly get back on the road. And then the Specialty business has been running above 2019 levels for several quarters now, so that's a little bit different.
Nick Zarcone: Sure. The reality is, March was a good month for us. Specialty was off the charts. We're not going to begin to imply we're going to be able to continue to grow at 60% year-over-year every month for the rest of the year. The growth rate is going to come down. But the absolute dollar should be strong. The comparison for Europe and North America, obviously, we're happy that it's up on a year-over-year basis, but it's somewhat off easy comps. But the March levels were better than the February and January levels. Again, not at the 2019 levels but they were better sequentially and that’s what gives us a little bit of confidence going forward that we will slowly creep back to those 2019 levels a little bit faster in Europe, a little bit slower in the U.S., but we’re headed in the right direction.
Nick Zarcone: Well, we have a lot of orders out there for inventory. We have product that’s coming into our receiving bay and [indiscernible] shipping bays almost in the same day. We’ve got product that’s not even touching the shelves because the velocity of the business and the demand is just so significant, we’re doing the best we can. We’re working hand-in-hand with our vendor partners. The reality is, the industry as a whole, the vendors are running hard to keep pace. And we're working very closely with our vendor partners to make sure that we can get the product we need when we need it. We anticipated not just in specialty, but in all of our businesses, that we would have added more to our inventory levels in the first quarter. But the supply constraints are what they are. And we think we'll get back to slightly higher inventory levels in the second half of the year.
Nick Zarcone: I wouldn't say that we've seen a rash of competitors exit, Craig. But as most people know, ocean freight is a significant consideration for all industries, anybody importing products, particularly from the Far East, the lack of containers, the backlog at the ports, it all creates a bit of a bottleneck. The difference is, is we're not importing a few dozen or a few 100 containers a year in North America. We import over 16,000 containers a year. And so we use that position to our advantage. The orders to the vendors are big orders. We are a very important customer and I think we've got great relationships with our vendor partners and they're working hard to help us be successful. And if you're a smaller business, you don't have that same flexibility to have power with the vendors and/or with the shipping lines. We use our size and scale to our advantage.
Nick Zarcone: Well, we clearly leaned out the organization globally as we went through the depths of the pandemic, right. And my marching orders to all of my operating heads down the field is we need to keep that leanness going forward. Yes, we will need to bring back people and add people as revenue improves. But we're not going to bring the people back until the revenue is up and we know it's sustainable. And the goal is, this is the new cost structure, Craig. This is how we're going to operate the business going forward.
Nick Zarcone: Very little demand for electric vehicle parts, almost -- I won't say none, but almost none. And you have to keep in mind our sweet spots, Gary, is -- the aftermarket products from a collision perspective and salvage parts from a collision perspective, sweet spot being kind of 3 to 10 years – vehicles 3 to 10 years old. On the mechanical parts, the sweet spot is even older, generally kind of in that four to five to kind of 15 years. And so there's a pretty big lag between kind of when the cars come off the showroom floor and when there's real demand for the types of parts that we and others in the industry sell. So you're not going to see an impact of EV-related parts for quite some time.
Nick Zarcone: Look, Brian, it's tied to product mix. As I indicated, the collision and coatings activities in our UK operations, we're down double digits. And the environment there is not too different from the collision environment here in the United States; fewer miles travel, less collisions, all the rest, right? Our core continuing operations on the mechanical part side was up in the first quarter. The market was down. We took some share. And that's our goal is to continue to take share. And most importantly, though, in our UK business, we're highly focused on the profitability and the cash flow of the business. Because it's – it’s not how much you take in, it's how much you keep, right? And our focus is to keep as much of that revenue in the form of profits and cash flow, and we're happy with the growth of our business.
Nick Zarcone: Thanks, Daniel. The acquisition was similar to the other small acquisitions we've made in the diagnostics space. Again, this is very much of a local business, not unlike the rest of our North American operations where you're really selling in the local markets. We're going to continue to do acquisitions that give us geographic coverage across the United States. Because you can't service body shops and/or mechanical shops in California with a diagnostics team that is in Texas or Colorado, it just doesn't work. And so we're going to continue to build out the footprint from a diagnostics perspective. All of our activities thus far are what we would call mobile related, where we actually have feet on the ground, people inside our customer shops, doing the calibration work and/or the diagnostic work. We're going to continue to build that out. And we're looking for other ways, quite frankly, to service our body shop and mechanical shop customers, perhaps using technology.
Nick Zarcone: Well, we certainly thank you for your time and attention this morning and we look forward to providing another update in late July when we report our second quarter results. Again, in summary, we are thrilled with our first quarter. I thank all of the 44,000 people of LKQ for working so hard to bring such terrific results to bear. And we are very optimistic about the future of LKQ. And so thanks for your time, and we will chat again in three months.
Varun Laroyia: Hi, Brian. It’s Varun out here. So yes. As part of my prepared comments, I did mention the fact that as of now we do see some moderation on the metals pricing, both scrap and precious metals in the second half of the year. And so that is the piece that has been built into the outlook at this point of time. We've talked previously also commodity prices are incredibly volatile. We’re certainly benefiting from the upswing at this point of time with the sequential rise. But again, make no mistake. There are others in the industry also that are faced with a similar set of commodity price increases. The question really is we believe our salvage teams, self service and full service, are by far the best in the industry and essentially are doing an incredible job in operationally taking advantage of the upswing of that. Clearly, we are keeping a lookout when these moderate, but as of now the outlook contemplates a second half moderation.
Varun Laroyia: So as of now, in the first quarter, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, Bret, we certainly saw the payables continue to deliver the overall payables program, deliver. It again was not only the European payables program, our North America team also did an outstanding job. But really, it was a case of not being able to get the inventory built to take place. So in Q1, while the number for the conversion is above 100% in terms of free cash flow to EBITDA, as I mentioned previously also, that is not a sustainable number. Our conversion factor on an annual basis is 55% to 60%. But again, we're really happy with how the payables program is going across the board, but clearly the largest opportunity being over in Europe. As of now, the first quarter with the lack of the inventory build, it’s basically timing. And from the second quarter onwards, we expect that inventory builds to take place to get us back into that 55% to 60% conversion ratio. With regards to what the long-term hypotheses is or what long-term plan is with regards to payables as a percentage of inventory, we clearly know for our European business there are some North American comps that we are targeting. It certainly takes time, but we're really happy with the progress our team is making.
Varun Laroyia: Yes, so a great question and thank you for raising it, Daniel. Yes, the first priority has been and remains to reinvest into our business. Apart from CapEx, which we are very comfortable with and what we've called out for quite some time in the 2% to 2.25% of revenue, that remains stable. In addition to that, as Nick mentioned a few minutes ago, our ability to do high synergy transactions, small tuck-in, building up critical capabilities remains the primary use in terms of priority of the free cash. As you rightly pointed out, leverage is well within our target corridor. We don't expect to see further deleveraging taking place from a debt perspective. And arguably, as profitability grows, that delevering will take place in any case, so not really looking to pay down further debt, which obviously, as you can make out, doesn't leave too many avenues left for the free cash flow with share repurchases, which obviously we resumed the program in the fourth quarter of last year would end up being the primary deployment for that capital that we're building up.
