Justin Jude: Thanks, Rick, for the financial commentary. Before we move to your questions, as we've communicated on recent calls, we are hosting our Investor Day on September 10 at the headquarters in Nashville and also via webcast. I hope you can all join us to discuss how we are charging our future. Rick and I will cover the overall LKQ strategy and then we will focus on our 2 largest businesses: the wholesale North American and Europe segments. Our senior management from these segments will present business overviews and targets for growth and margin expansion. To close out, in the first half, we faced obstacles that have tested our resolve and resilience. Through it all, I have seen the unwavering dedication and hard work that define our LKQ culture. I am inspired by the LKQ team's commitment to excellence and perseverance in the face of adversity. We are well positioned to navigate the road ahead, seize new opportunities and accelerate our work to create value for our shareholders. I'll now ask the operator to open up the line for questions.
Justin Jude: Yes. So if you look at the weather piece, it was a large item in there. But if we looked at that economic factor, it was the majority of the headwinds that we face in repairable claims. As I mentioned on the call, we did a deep dive. We talked to a lot of our customers, insurance carriers. We also engaged that third party which was BCG, to do that deep dive in Q1 and part of Q2. And so whether it's the weather side, whether it's the economic factor, we see all those things as being temporary in nature. Hard to say when some of those economic factors start to reverse but by far, the majority of all of the issue of repairable claims we saw was just temporary in nature.
Justin Jude: Yes. So our goal is kind of twofold. One, we want to simplify the business in our operations. We have a lot of SKUs that are duplication -- that are duplicated if you think of applications. So when a customer calls for a specific year making model, we have several brands of those. We have a large team within our Europe operations across all countries, working to analyze that, the whole SKU rationalization project. I mean as of today, we've really not non-stocked any part or removed any SKUs from the application or removed any SKUs from our DCs. It's very small. We're very cognizant that we want to make sure we have a better application coverage. So right now, there's definitely some holes where when a customer calls us for a part, we don't have it. So we want to improve the availability of the application level. When it comes down to brands, obviously, there are certain brands in certain countries across Europe that we need to have and we will have. And so we have, once again, a large team focused on this project to make sure we don't make the wrong decisions. The other thing that we're going to be pushing also towards, that the team is excited about is driving our private label throughout the rest of our Europe operations which as you guys can imagine, the private label brings the best gross margin for LKQ.
Justin Jude: We have some countries that are in the 30%, other countries that are in the single digits. We'll hear from Andy Hamilton at the Investor Day and we'll talk a little bit about some of our strategy to drive that even higher at our Investor Day once again in Nashville on September 10.
Justin Jude: We don't have an exact number on that, Gary. But I will tell you the actual frequency was not as bad as the repairable claims; for example, the weather brought down frequency and obviously brought down repairable claims. That economic situation -- there were accidents out there and as we reach out to customers, insurance carriers, we found these actions just weren't getting repaired. And so we don't have an exact number of that but I would say the majority -- maybe not, sorry, the majority was temporary, as I said earlier. A large chunk was what I would say, the frequency was there, they just weren't getting repaired.
Justin Jude: They kind of thought that there's some pent-up demand in this piece but then there's also some volume of frequency that occurred that just probably won't ever get repaired. It's hard to -- it's hard to speculate on how much will actually come through eventually into the mix. But just with the rising insurance costs, the deductible cost, the repair cost climbing and then that the consumer's vehicle value dropping, it will be -- we'll have to see what happens with the economic if it changes the consumers' behavior. But we do think there is some pent-up demand but nothing that shows us it's going to start coming in relatively quickly.
Justin Jude: Yes. And I would say that's nothing new. It probably slowed down a bit during the pandemic and the supply chain issue where we had a lot of inventory and a lot of our smaller folks did it. As they started getting their inventory back in, they kind of went back to their old ways of offering price more than service. And so that's not necessarily anything new for us. So yes, we still see it.
Justin Jude: Yes. I caught on the CDK comments. So I will tell you, I think there was roughly, what, 15,000 dealerships, not all those are automotive. There is some volume that we gained from that CDK when some of the OE dealerships could not necessarily service the parts. Obviously though, when we saw a headwind of repairable claims coming down 7.1%, it wasn't enough to -- the volume from CDK wasn't enough to offset that. A lot of the dealers that -- I mean, we still see those dealers today that have body shops and service centers. A lot of those are kind of have gone through the repair. They've either fixed the issue or they're off to CDK. So we had a little bit of a volume tick up there but nothing meaningful.
Justin Jude: Yes. So I mean, if you look at our last year Q1, we had very tough comps, Q2 tough comps and in the guide, a little bit softer Q2, Q3 and Q4. If we look at our -- so our thought is over a prior year, we see that getting better throughout the back half of the year, meaning not as bad as what we saw in Q1 and Q2. If we look at just our run rate of revenue from month-to-month, from May to June and July, I mean, obviously, we had a week there with 4th of July that slowed down. If you look at our normalized daily run rate of revenue, we're seeing that kind of flat. And while we don't have how repairable claims are shaken out in July yet or any part of Q2, our volume is staying flat, if that makes sense. So we think we've kind of hit bottom. There may be some still negative on year-over-year trends because last year, it was a decent amount of repairable claims to -- I'm sorry, there's a decent amount of cars getting fixed because of -- if you think about it, used car pricing was climbing pretty aggressively last year. Now the opposite is happening where used car pricing is dropping. And do consumers want to spend that money out of their pocket to fix that vehicle when the used car value has dropped. So we're pretty confident in the new guidance on what we see on revenue for LKQ for the back half of the year.
Justin Jude: Yes. We hope the volume is level. I don't know if it was worst case necessarily. Obviously, it's hard for us to predict what happens with the economy and used car pricing and some of these other dynamics that affect us. I've got to imagine at some point, we say it's temporary because at some point, used car pricing has to stabilize, normalize and then start to increase.
Justin Jude: Yes, I'll answer that. This is Justin. The second part of your question on the technology [indiscernible]; I kind of made it a comment in my script on ADAS. So ADAS is not a new phenomenon -- phenomenon for us, sorry. We've seen the -- as the car park really starting in 2016 getting introduced with more of these features for ADAS or accident avoidance systems, we would start to see that reduction in overall repairable claims. We think right now, it's around 1%, BCG confirm that. That's what we would call as more kind of constant. Now while that may be a reduction of accidents by 1%, we see the overall market still growing for the future because of more parts per estimate. The complexity of those parts are higher which means higher prices. Also, there's more business going in for calibration and services and we also see a continual opportunity to improve APU. But your question on the technology, it's been there. It's been in the car park for quite a while and we see that about as a 1% reduction, 1% year-over-year reduction in the repairable claims. When we talk about the future, the forecast, in nature, the majority by far was these temporary items, whether it was weather or whether it was these economic factors, they did not and we didn't necessarily speculate as to when do -- obviously, the weather is the weather and it happens and it could be year-to-year, it could be different. But they and LKQ is not going to speculate on when some of these economic factors are going to start to improve and help drive higher repairable claims.
Justin Jude: Thanks, operator. First, I want to thank our team out in the field, both in North America and Europe and the other countries for which we operate. Just we all face challenges. We face headwinds in the overall market but very proud of the team and how they reacted, getting our business rightsized or how they're working still to rightsize that business. So very much appreciative of that team. And for everybody on the call and for all of our employees and investors, as we talked about some of these headwinds, it's not an LKQ problem, it's a market issue right now. We're making sure we have the cost put [ph] in place and we'll be ready to go when the volume starts to recover and we have quite a bit of initiative and we'll share some of those at our Investor Day on September 10, once again, in Nashville, about how we have opportunities to continue to grow market share and that will help us as the market continues to recover. So with that, thanks everybody for joining the call, we appreciate it. And with that, we'll end the call.
Rick Galloway: Yes. So good question, Scott. You're correct. Most of that came through from North America. I think the North American business can make the impact much quicker. So as far as the target goes, one of the things that we look at is we look at the overall performance, we look at it on a daily basis. There's a lot of other metrics that we go to. So there wasn't a specific dollar threshold target. What it was is trying to get us back to the point that we talked about a few minutes ago within getting North America back up above 17 and really driving overall performance. That team, when there's tough economic conditions, I think everyone realized that the North American team is fantastic in operating in a cyclical environment, if you look back a couple of years ago. And so most of those actions were completed by quarter end and then we'll start seeing that come through, through the rest of the year. We also have similar actions over in Europe. Obviously, there's some different requirements, regulatory requirements that will delay us but we will start seeing some of those come in, in Q4 and then pretty much a full benefit as we go into 2025.
Rick Galloway: Yes. So as far as how much will stick, the full amount will stick. I mean these are permanent cost reductions that we're looking at. We're not sitting there trying to figure out this much is going to be a temporary basis and we're somewhat [indiscernible]. These are permanent cost actions and that's one of the things that Justin talked about is that, we need to make sure we're operationally excellent and looking at overall permanent reductions. And these items will stick.
Rick Galloway: Yes, Gary, I can take that one. I'll speak for Justin. And yes, we are content with where our debt levels are right now. And we will have a primary folks and Justin kind of laid it out during his presentation, prepared remarks, that a priority is focusing on total shareholder return and there will be a large focus on share repurchases, particularly as we see the opportunities with our current stock price.
Rick Galloway: Yes, it's a good question. When we're looking at the overall $0.37, it's a significant amount of volume. North of $0.50 would be volume and then there's some other pricing impacts that would be in addition to that. And then we're looking at a pretty substantial productivity initiative in the back half which is what I was talking about a few minutes ago on the $60 million cost reductions that are working to offset that to bring us to the $0.37. But if you think about it, we're somewhere north of, call it, $0.60 with some negativity on volume and pricing and then clawing back a fair amount of that through productivity initiatives.
Rick Galloway: We had some shutdowns within a couple of our facilities as far as the cost side goes. We haven't seen any type of volume changes. We're still kind of going through that as far as the hurricane goes but nothing material that we've seen at this point.
Rick Galloway: So Brian, part of the way that we look at this in the forecast is the economic factors that we looked at ourselves and then further validated with the study that we did started to indicate when the insurance companies have increased their pricing. And so you get essentially a onetime change within the behavior with significant increases in insurance premium costs moving from one deductible to another deductible. And that impact started sort of in late Q2, early Q3 of last year which we think will then lead through at least through the end of the year. And that's what we've put in, that year-over-year impact going through the end of the year. But then once you annualize that, the change from one deductible to another deductible, we don't expect that to continue. We expect moderating within the insurance premiums and the behavior from the consumer will be back to a more normalized behavior.
Rick Galloway: No, we don't. Yes, that's correct. We don't think that there's some sort of big rebound. There's nothing that indicates to us that there will be a significant bump up one way or the other. But it will be the new starting point, if you will, in the back half of the year that will grow from there.
Rick Galloway: And Justin, maybe I'll just add back on to one thing that Bret was asking a few minutes ago. The repairable claims, we did see the peak in Q1, 21.4%, start dropping, Bret, to 20.7% in Q2. So it's starting to make its way back down on total losses. I'm sorry, total losses.
