Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, Nick. Before we open it up for Q&A I wanted to end with a historical summary of our founding strategy and business model highlighted on slide 29, which today is still the nucleus of our company, and one that is cornerstone of our operating segments despite their unique mix of products and geographies. At founding, we saw the opportunity to create a national network of wholesale recyclers to service the North American body shop and auto repair industries. With this strategy, we look to acquire the best recycling locations with the best management teams and operators, and create a network that provided synergies through consolidating this fragmented industry. These yards, when combined in a given trading zone, would create the highest fulfillment rates in the industry, which today still holds true. This strategy continued when we entered the aftermarket collision business with the acquisition of Keystone to grow our North American alternative collision business, the European market with ECP and Sator, and the specialty space with KAO and tuck-ins like Stag-Parkway. While our European and Specialty businesses offer different products, and the vernacular can create confusion, make no mistake: The founding strategy and business model is consistent. Each of our businesses operate in fragmented markets that are ripe for consolidation. By buying the number one or number two players in the market, with the right management teams, we can begin to build a network that offers tremendous synergies and scale by offering industry-leading fill rates. Simply stated, in the vehicle parts business the distributor that has the part readily available, and can get it to the customer on time, wins the sale. We believe that we can offer that capability across all of our segments, and with more runway to grow. With this core strategy and operation model, I am confident that our team of over 30,000 employees will continue to add long-term value for our customers and stockholders. Devon, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Robert L. Wagman: No, that's exactly it, Nate. We've been a very decentralized company, and what we challenged ourselves to do was to figure out how that maintain that entrepreneurial spirit, yet get some operational efficiencies. So with that in mind, we focused on four key components that we are looking at. One is our sales organization; second is logistics, the fleet, because we have thousands of trucks on the road every day; purchasing, getting some more purchasing synergies; and then looking at our dismantling capabilities and how to get some best practices across our region. So yeah, we do expect some operating efficiencies to come, likely in 2016, mid-2016 we'll start seeing those results come through. But you're spot on, we wanted to make sure we had that entrepreneurial spirit still in the company; that's what the base of this company has been so successful on. So we're going to get the best of both worlds though this project. Assuming it goes the way we expect it to, we will look at Europe at some point, of doing the same process over there.
Robert L. Wagman: I think that's right on. We're operating out of three buildings now; we are going to go to two eventually. The three buildings, by the way, are roughly 20 miles apart from each other as well. These are literally separated by a retention pond, these two buildings in Tamworth. So we will get some operating efficiencies for sure. And the automation that's coming with it as well will provide some nice pick up there as well, so... And finally, the other major aspects of doing it is to prepare for future growth. As I said in my remarks, Nate, that we have three buildings and we're already pushing the limits of those, so getting two in the same footprint will be greatly enhancing our capabilities to our customers.
Robert L. Wagman: And I just want to add one thing to that, Jamie. As a percent of revenue, our capital has been pretty much in line. So to Nick's point, as long as there's opportunities to continue to grow the business, it will stay in line with that percentage of revenue.
Robert L. Wagman: That is correct. A little bit less in the U.S., circa 36% to 37%, it's been right in the middle there, teetering between the two. But we expected that in the U.S. with the recent surge in the new car park. We're seeing the same thing actually over the UK a little bit, with a strong SAAR rate right now, but we do expect as these new cars get into the sweet spot outside of three years, we are going to start seeing an uptick in the AP usage here in the U.S..
Robert L. Wagman: Actually, just one last thing, as we highlight in the slide deck, in our investor deck, is the part count. I just wanted to give a quick update on that. There are actually up to 9.1 parts per estimate now, versus 7.9 just five years ago. So we are seeing more parts get on the estimate, and that's why we're kind of bullish, what we think is going to happen as these cars get into our sweet spot at three years we are going to see that growth in the AP usage.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah, we're still at 17 carriers right now, Ben, in the program, which amounted to about 80% of the UK insurance base. So it's probably going to be at that number for a while. No one has pulled out of the program, and as I mentioned in my remarks, a 33% increase. So still getting traction and still heading in the right direction. As we've mentioned on previous calls, once we get our 322 built out, our three step to two step in the Netherlands, we will be introducing collision parts there with – many of the same carriers that write in the UK also write on the continent. So we are probably couple quarters away from launching some kind of program on the continent.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah, I'll talk about the – what we've been able to integrate. We've pretty much opened every one of those stores that we did, that we targeted. Remember, some – we closed two stores to make one, we either closed the ECP store or we closed the Unipart store brought in. That has been done. And we are starting to see the benefits of that. The employees are fully trained now our systems and taking phone calls, as we do in our normal course of business. As far as the profitability, it does kind of get melded in there into the overall mix, and – but we're very pleased with what we've done there, and as I said, we have 194 branches now, so we are certainly at the tail end of our build-out of 200 to 225, and we anticipate that being done in the next couple of years.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah, I'll go back to my days at the auction business. Those are great cars, as – in terms of their quality. Freshwater floods are really great because there's no body damage. We have not seen them start to flow through the auction yet. There is generally a lag of about 45 to 60 days before the pools can get access to the titles, but we do expect some really good salvage to be coming through.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah, sure, Bill. This is Rob. Our salvage cost was basically flat. It was about $4 better a vehicle, but again we are buying a younger vehicle, so we know we're buying a better vehicle. On the self-service side of the business – really not so much in the auction, but we do buy some – we were down $81 to an average of – well, just under $400, which is all scrap-related. In terms of the volume at the auctions, very consistent. We track the number of cars at the auctions we visit; they're pretty much flat to slightly up. So plenty of availability. We're still only buying roughly 6% to 7% of the auction, so plenty of availability to keep driving the top line.
Robert L. Wagman: We do not have that available. We know the SAAR rate is up, but we do not have miles driven on a European basis. But we'll have Joe get back to you on that.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah, couple factors going on there, Jason. Certainly when we bought the business in 2011 with 89 locations, the 90th, the 91st to the 100th branch were obviously the lowest-hanging fruit. So we're getting at the tail end of that, so that's having a little bit of impact there. There is a surge of new cars as I just mentioned, so that's going to be a little bit of a headwind for the time being, until those cars get out of warranty. One thing that I do want to add, and we show that 12 month and over, that it does include our paint locations now. So that does drag it down a little bit. And then just one last point on that. In talking to our suppliers, they say that the market is generally a little soft right now. They equate it to the new car sales going up a little bit, and just general market conditions. They do expect it to rebound, so I think you'll still see mid- to high-single-digit growth out of the stores open more than 12 months. You take the paint out of there, it's actually little bit higher. But we are expecting, with the new stores as well as the stores in general, still double-digit growth here for the balance of the year.
Robert L. Wagman: Those are the two countries, Gary, you are right. I have not heard much out of Turkey, it's really China is the big one. The domestic mills seem to be doing okay. But Turkey and China will definitely drive the exporting, for sure.
Robert L. Wagman: I think we'll be able to pull their margin up to ours, Brett (60:45), and they did get us into a few new markets, interestingly enough. So yeah, their margins were generally a little bit lower than ours, and they will come up to our numbers.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, everyone, for your time this morning. And we look forward to speaking to you in October when we report our Q3 results. Have a great day, everybody.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yes, they do. We're not anticipating that either of those are going to have material impact, Craig, on the back half for the year. It's going to take some time to get them fully integrated and the like. And obviously with Coast, we have to wait to see the results of the tender offer.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Well – Craig, this is Nick. Ultimately we're going to lease the facility, but all of the kind of the inner workings, if you will, are going to be capitalized and then depreciated over time. It's a fairly large investment on our behalf, it's on the order of £75 million, so it's quite significant. We have to start paying rent when we take possession of the facility, which will be in early 2016. But it's going to take us some time to fit it out and get it up and running, the better part of a couple years, and so that's why Rob mentioned that we're going to have kind of duplicate rental expense for – because we're going to have four facilities for period of time, before getting down to two.
Dominick P. Zarcone: That would be my expectation, Craig, because we did want to get this out to the investment community as soon as we had a pretty good sense as to what was going to mean. We understand that a number of folks do longer-term projections, and there was no way for them to have an understanding as to what may be coming their way related to these projects.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Nate this is Nick. I think you have to take a look at that on a business unit by business unit basis, and that's why we provided the additional disclosure with respect to gross margins. You will see there is some quarterly fluctuations in the overall margin structures of the business. We provided the, basically the gross margins over the last six quarters, so we can kind of take that into account as well. The back half of the year in North America, the margins tend to be generally consistent with the second quarter but obviously down from the first quarter; European margins as well. There's a little bit of fluctuation, and then – so we would encourage you to take a look at the historical seasonal patterns, because that's the best guidance as to where we may head in the future.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Same. We still want to be meeting with them constantly, no decisions have been made, but as far as chrome and bumpers go I can give you an update on that. Quarter, up 16.9%, so they clearly are driving that product type for us. And fingers crossed that they came back here soon.
Dominick P. Zarcone: I'll start with the guidance. Again, we tightened up the range a little bit, essentially left the midpoint alone. The uptick on the free cash flow is basically a sense that our working capital needs are going to be less than we originally anticipated. And so we pulled in the net income range, $5 million off the top and up from the bottom. But it's really the working capital that's driving the $25 million uptick in free cash flow. All of our – most of our capital spending is to support the growth of our business, Our rough estimate is about 75% of what we spend is growth-orientated, as opposed to repair and replacement and the like. As long as there are really good opportunities to continue to grow our business, we will deploy capital behind our businesses. Obviously something like Tamworth, that maybe a once-in-a-moon kind of event for our companies, something that size and scale. But there are other situations across North America where we are going to be expanding warehouses, going into new distribution facilities to support the continued growth of our business.
Dominick P. Zarcone: There are some just ancillary costs related to the project, Bill, but nothing of significance. Again, right now it's under construction as you can see by the slide that we put into the deck. It's a pretty massive facility, but ultimately the landlord is incurring those expenses. Obviously there's some broader project-related activities as we continued to plan out for the outfitting of the facility and the like, but nothing material.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Sure. If you take a look at the slide where we've kind of set out the historical scrap prices, right, in Q1 the comparison was $224 versus $141; in Q2, $217 in last year, $140 this year; Q3 of last year was $215; so scrap remained pretty steady last year. And if you assume that it's going to stay in the $140 range, we would expect – we lost a couple pennies in the first quarter, a penny in the second quarter, there is chance that there is a half a penny to a penny yet in Q3. By Q4, where the comparison gets a little bit better – Q4 of last year was $187, so if scrap stays at $140, it'd be probably more of a rounding error, if you will. So maybe another half a penny to a penny. On the FX, you can go through the same analysis. Really for the first three quarters of last year, the currencies stayed pretty consistent. On the euro, $1.37, $1.37, $1.33 for the first three quarters of last year. The pound sterling, $1.66, $1.68, $1.67. And so, it was – we talked about $0.02 in FX last quarter, it was actually $0.016 and rounded up. This quarter was another couple pennies, but again it's a rounding up, so $0.03 for the first six months. We're probably going to be in that same range for Q3, so think about maybe a penny and a half, plus or minus. In Q4, both the sterling and the euro started to drop a little bit, so probably a little bit less in Q4. We thought originally FX would hit us for $0.04 to $0.05. Last call, you may remember we talked about that the $0.08 to $0.10 from scrap and FX was probably going to get flipped, probably $0.06 or so from FX, and that's not a bad estimate.
Dominick P. Zarcone: That's correct. Again, scrap ended the quarter right around $137, $138. There's a lot of noise coming out of China about economic growth and the like, and there are some folks out there forecasting that, that scrap will get little bit softer here. We're assuming, at this point at time, a kind of a steady state on scrap. We'll have to see what the Fed does with interest rates and the impact that has to do on the dollar, but again, we're assuming that rates are going to stay relatively constant at $1.55 for the pound and about $1.10 for the euro.
Dominick P. Zarcone: And part of it is, it's hard because once we make the acquisitions, it all gets integrated, if you will, into the – into our financial system. So it's not like we have a bunch of standalone P&Ls that we then roll up at the end of the month and the end of the quarter.
