Joe Holsten: Thanks John. I’m going to share a few closing thoughts. Well more than a year ago, in our first quarter 2009 conference call, I shared with you some thoughts about our opportunities that might arise for LKQ as a result of the economic conditions we saw at the time and then my reflection of those opportunities are coming true today. : As we commented on our first quarter 2009 call, the strength of our balance sheet has provided us with the capital to finance our organic growth, make strategic acquisitions on our competitors, are shrinking their businesses. Results of the last six quarters has demonstrated the benefits of LKQ’s position as a leading distributor to the collision and mechanical autorepair industry. We believe our unique competitive position and the actions we’ve taken in response to the economic environment have translated into consistent sustainable earnings growth. During what is likely to be a slow economic recovery, by maintaining our focus we will continue to deliver solid growth in 2010 and beyond. And Claudia, at this point I think we’d like to open up for questions please. : As we commented on our first quarter 2009 call, the strength of our balance sheet has provided us with the capital to finance our organic growth, make strategic acquisitions on our competitors, are shrinking their businesses. Results of the last six quarters has demonstrated the benefits of LKQ’s position as a leading distributor to the collision and mechanical autorepair industry. We believe our unique competitive position and the actions we’ve taken in response to the economic environment have translated into consistent sustainable earnings growth. During what is likely to be a slow economic recovery, by maintaining our focus we will continue to deliver solid growth in 2010 and beyond. And Claudia, at this point I think we’d like to open up for questions please.
Joe Holsten: No, I think we nailed the two issues that will drive a better result than the second half of the year. As we indicated on like the last couple of calls, the impact of the clunkers, surprised us to an extent and I think we have estimated that the average loss of revenue on our clunker car compared to a normal salvage auction car is about $2,500 and just to confirm that we did a little bit deeper dig on that over the last 90 days and as we had indicated in some of our comments, we were able to very noticeably see the impact in our engine and transmission sales and those are our two leading part revenue generators for the whole company. So the clunker car, I’d say at this point they are pretty much bled through the system as we are headed into the Q3. The other item I think you put your finger on the real kind of tightest times we have seen in the buying markets on salvage auction vehicles, we’ve seen that in March to May timeframe. : So the volumes are very healthy right now, in terms of the incoming product growth and a little bit more than we have historically, but we accept that and we think we are good enough in terms of our management skills. We get the right pricing and dig little deeper in the cars that will sustain or come very close to sustaining the gross margin dollars we have enjoyed over the years. So we think the back half of the year will show a lot better picture in terms of the same-store sales and the recycled product line.
Joe Holsten: Yes somewhat seasonal, the things we see generally at this time of the year is of the mechanical part request come and I would say that this year is atypical by any stretch of the imagination. The other thing we typically see at this time of the year is the competitors on the aftermarket part sales comes up a little bit as the volume, the work and the shops decreases. The shops will negotiate a little harder and on their parts pricing. So, we are seeing that predominantly on the aftermarket part side of the business, but once again nothing out of the norm either way.
Joe Holsten: The acquisition environment is absolutely the strongest deal market we have seen, probably hasn’t been as good since 1998, when we first started in the business. And I would say overhearing two things in terms of seller motivation, one is certainly the lack of clarity of what capital gains rates are going to be in that sphere, I think, most people we have talked to think of that sense, but they move to 28% and there is a lot of fear in the market right now that for some tax payers that rate will be even more than 28%. But I think the other thing we are starting to hear John, in terms of why people are at the table, and it really goes back to the comment I made in terms of LKQ’s balance sheet and our unique position in our industry as fully being the only publicly traded company in the market in our space.
Joe Holsten: Certainly, based on the comments I just made to John, it’s our view that recycle product same-store sales growth in the mix there has kind of gained some steam. I guess you know the seasonality of third quarter is generally not one of our strongest quarters, the demand especially for crash parts tends to ebb a little bit. But, I guess I would see aftermarket staying pretty steady in terms of our usual trends we are seeing from year-to-year, but a little more robust environment for the recycled products.
Joe Holsten: We should probably correct the runrate of the deals that were closed during the quarter, the $14 million was the annual revenue. Those are the very small deals, the ones that were closed during the quarter and the ones that have been closed subsequent to that slightly larger. But I think we have said that we believe in the deal flow will typically be monthly in the company and are kind of the ones, you can’t really forecast are the ones, the more significant deals are going to hit. I think the guidance we have provided over the last several years I would say remains unchanged in terms of our view that the same-store sales growth in the business should fall somewhere in the range of 6% to 8% and on a three to five-year trajectory there will be enough deal flow that will move the overall revenue growth of the company right up to the high teens, 20% which ironically is exactly when we hit in the current quarter that we are reporting in. So I continue to feel very confident in that amount of deal flow over the next few years, certainly plenty on the table. There’s a chance we could outperform that a little bit next year, but we look at this more on a three to four year basis. I would continue to think we are looking at little over 10% growth from acquisitions. 
Joe Holsten: I think we have covered the factors of what we think will impact the second half of the year, we discussed the fact that we think the recycled parts inventory is certainly looking stronger than it has for almost a year at this point and the buying continues to come in week after week, at pretty impressive levels. As I said, are we paying a little more than we have liked. Yes, in fact we are, but the volumes are there and we’ve always said that the constraint on growth in the company is supplying our demand and I remain comfortable at that comment. On the aftermarket side of the business, I think our inventories are in very good shape. As a matter of fact, it’s our intent to probably inventory up a little earlier than normal, in 2010 just to try to avoid any shipping lane congestion, we are starting to see some reports of container shortages and looks like a lot of shipping capacity has been dry-docked and so we are moving to get ahead of that in terms of bringing volume on a little sooner than we normally would. So I think it's probably more salient things that I comment on regarding the second half of the year.
Joe Holsten: We do measure the request activity on our recycled products. That’s easy to do because when we have request for parts of systems, automatically kind of allow you to look up and yes, that’s something I monitor weekly personally, looking at request activity quotes issued and inbound phone traffic. And that is stronger than it was a year ago; so it remain stronger and strong year-over-year. The aftermarket, the way our systems work, we really don’t have that insight into the demand activity, a lot of the demand is coming in over websites and our IT and that piece of our business doesn’t really, isn’t recording public demand. I don’t know how we could really reflect on demand on the aftermarket parts short of the fact that we continue to see the 8% 9% year-on-year growth. And some of that is obviously coming from I think a stronger inventory, but I think it’s also safe to say that with the number of carriers who are expanding their interest in programs like our AQRP program and are broadening the kind of the slope of aftermarket products that we are willing to consider in the repair process. Yes, we know the demand was up, but I can’t say that we could quantify.
Joe Holsten: Historically, these have been buyers of new OEM parts pure and simple. The rental car companies over most of the last decade were repurchasing agreements with the manufacturers and it is my understanding that a part of those repurchasing agreements were that the cars would be repaired with new OEM parts. Now the rental car companies are in positions that they actually own more of their own fleet that the replacement parts decision has just more flexibility and we believe, and especially as the rental car companies are keeping their fleets closer to a three-year turnover now as opposed to 12 to 15 months. That’s like also putting those maintenance managers at a position of questioning to whether or not all their part replacements should be with new OEM parts. So that’s a very rich market for us, it’s not as huge market, but certainly we wouldn’t be cannibalizing any part sales that we already have today. It was a really new part sales opportunities for us. I would venture to say that the same is basically true of the fleet managers that were experiencing gains with typically those repairers have been made almost exclusively with new OEM product historically. 
Joe Holsten: That certainly will be. We do service the Philadelphian market today, but our market share there is insignificant. I don’t think we probably have even more than $2.5 million recycled parts business in the Philadelphia market today. We’re servicing the market essentially out of the Hunts Point business in the Bronx and quite clearly, the product that we have in the Bronx needs to stay in the Bronx because it’s another market where we really need more capacity.. But we’ve been chasing this market for a decade. I personally have been chasing this market for a decade. So we’re really happy to have production and distribution capacity right in the heart of the Philly market now. 
Joe Holsten: Certainly. The main measurements that we look at are just the overall volume of product at the auction. We're not sophisticated really enough to quantify kind of the value or the quality of what’s there at the salvage auctions. I monitor pretty closely kind of our activity levels and how much product we actually revaluate and I consider any week when we see more than 50,000 vehicles at the auctions proves to be relatively healthy, particularly when you consider the number that I gave you a few months ago and still we’ve been buying a little over 200,000 per week. So we’ve infact consistently right upto last week, we’re still seeing the auction volumes in the low 50,000 range. So we consider that to be a very healthy level and I’ve been very impressed with our field activity. A lot of our agents have brought additional scouts and additional buyers into the process realizing that we need to evaluate more products. So for example, last week, we evaluated about 45% to 46% of the products at the auction, that’s up a year ago, this time we were probably evaluating around 33% to 35% of the vehicles of the auction. So you can see that that it seems they are digging a lot deeper, looking, evaluating significantly more products at the auction pools and based on that our win rates have come up quite a bit over the last two to three months. So that’s kind of the only negative here. Decomprising as I would see it within that in the March through May timeframe as it would appear to me at this point, today that pricing probably peaked during that three month timeframe, came down in June and the pricing, it seems so far in July is showing a few more percentage points reduction over where we were in the June timeframe. I do think that the correction is going to be gradual. There’s no snap back sort of adjustment coming in terms of auction prices. So it continues to be our belief that largely the used car market that’s driving the high salvage prices. I think everything that we have seen relative to the used car market, it remains to be a very strong market and probably going to be a market that adjusts very gradually over the next one to two years.
Joe Holsten: I think we will do more question, we’ve come up on the hour and certainly we want to be very respectful of everybody’s time, I know a lot of companies are releasing today. So let’s do one question please, Claudia.
Joe Holsten: I think you’ve summarized that very accurately. The volumes, the products are in very good shape and it’s our belief that the high used-car price market has brought more buyer, people who’ve been normally buying at the wholesale auctions are also buying at the salvage auctions right now and it’s hard to believe that when used car pricing, is it, gradually adjusting the volumes of used cars come back up, those buyers will revert to buying in the wholesale auctions again.
Joe Holsten: I appreciate everybody joining the call today. We look forward to getting back to you in 90 days to report on our third quarter progress. Thanks again.
Rob Wagman: Sure, as John mentioned we are still seeing above historical costs for salvage, but we do see a little bit of reduction here in late Q2. We have taken various steps Craig, to address them. One Joe mentioned was monitoring of deviations. We have the ability to look at our reps reducing prices. We are at the point now where we have the ability to walk down our price for a high demand, the product that may be low in quantity. So we are watching our reps a lot closer than we ever have. And as you mentioned correctly, we do price in relation to the OE part, we do track that daily watching for any kind of trends that may go one way or the other and in recent months we have seen a slight increase in the OEs, a little bit more than a point of price increase. So, we do watch that very closely and react to that when we can. One of the other things that we are doing is locking down some of the rep’s ability to bypass certain core charges for example, where se sell a used engine and we expect the old one back to sellthrough remanufacturer. So, we are in a process of tightening that to make sure we get the proper price for the proper parts. One last thing I will comment is that we do have pricing teams in each of our divisions, we have a separate price team for aftermarket and a separate price team for salvage that monitoring certainly trends with the OEs as well as our competition. We expect our competition to have to address the same concerns. We are at the auction so, we contantly monitor their activity as well.
Rob Wagman: We certainly do view it as noise right now, it’s just an extension test with the Sawzall blade. As we mentioned last quarter Tony, we did do the crash test on late-model vehicles with the law passing. We have been were asked by some about why we tested 35 miles an hour and we made it clear that we tested because of the safety requirements, the [SMBS] laws for occupant safety. So what we did, we didn’t set out to take 16 rebars and 5 absorbers and test it at 5 miles per hour and everyone of those pass. We certainly tale this very seriously, the activity that’s going on and that’s really a part of what of our car insurance program that addresses that stuff. We are at over 8,000 parts in the program, where traceability is available in everyone of those products and that is one of the concern so, I think we have taken all the necessary steps to take it to where we have comfortability in the fact that our parts are, our quality and meet the standards of our government. At the end of the day, I think one of the best outcomes of this, all this activity is the fact that we have two certification bodies that are now going to start certifying each types of products. So we are actively supporting them and we continue to buy those products and put them on our shelves to make sure we have the right products.
Rob Wagman: If you think about our headlight, we sell our recycled headlight, we also sell a comparable aftermarket headlight, we also sell comparable refurbished headlight. And those three products when we talked about them today, we bifurcate where they came from, but from a customer point of view, they are been sold to the same customer, they are filling exactly the same function, they’re priced incomparable So as we're somewhat agnostic between the two product lines in terms of the source, we are really looking at the demand side, and that was some of the comments that we talked about whenever you said we are considering amalgamating these two things because we view it as a single statement and we think our customers would like them to be indifferent among these parts.
Rob Wagman: And to answer the other half of your question Dan, it’s how they order the parts. It is coming through our e-commerce. They’re not picking up the phone and calling us, there are using our keyless strategy where they write an estimate and it scrubs up against our inventory. So it’s a B2B function that has worked out really well for us
Rob Wagman: I think the insurance industry is aware of the fact that we’re paying more for the salvage and certainly expect that to be passed on. We believe we’re still competitive and again pricing to OE, we’re still a price alternative to that number. So we always keep in mind the pricing of the OEs in the aftermarket world as well. So we’re still a price alternative to the OE in the aftermarket and salvage. So I think we’re maintaining a nice comfortable margin for the carriers to make it worthwhile to run our parts.
John Quinn: Obviously we are working on the pricing side as Rob mentioned, the inventory the way it works as we paid higher amounts of the car and bleed through the next couple of months and as Joe mentioned that, we are seeing auction prices coming down a little bit. We probably won’t start to turn those cars through the inventory going through Q4. So, although I don’t want to get too granular here, because it’s a little bit depending on what happens with the combination of scrap prices and auction prices, but as we see it today, probably Q3 will be a little bit soft and then Q4 will bounce back as the way I would anticipate it.
John Quinn: Just to maybe a supplement on what Joe said, if you think about the aftermarket where we have 90 plus percent fill rates, we are essentially filling most of the calls when somebody comes in and asks for it. On the salvage side, where the fill rates are probably short of 70, obviously there is a lot of demand that we are not able to fill in. Some of that manifested as an example in the engines that we talked about in Q2. I have no doubt in my mind had we had those engines, we would have sold them in Q2. So the demand was there, we just can’t fill it, we don’t have the recycled parts and so in Q1 we talked about we were going into Q2 with a little bit lighter inventory, Joe mentioned that last quarter we bought over 50,000 cars which was up 41% year-over-year. So regardless of what happens with demand, I think the availability of the supply will increase, the sale which has giving us some of the confidence in the prior question with respect to the back half growth rate.
John Quinn: I don’t have a good breakup of that, Bill. Pricing was up about 77% though and you can see that the organic growth was 81 if I recall. A little bit more volume.
