Dominick Zarcone: Thank you, Varun for that excellent financial overview. In closing I would like to review a few of the key initiatives discussed on previous calls that will continue to be points of focus during the balance of 2019. First, we will integrate and simplify our operating model. Second we will continue to focus on profitable revenue growth to create sustainable margin expansion. Third, we will drive better levels of cash flow, which in turn will give us the flexibility to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy and fourth, we will continue to invest in our future. As you can see from the second quarter results these programs and targets are gaining momentum throughout the organization and the teams are actively working towards achieving the respective goal. I am proud of the momentum we have created with our second quarter performance and how our team of over 51,000 employees performed a various market challenges in both North America and Europe. Importantly, I want to recognize our leaders across each of our segments have embraced our productivity initiatives and the performance and compensation metrics, we have implemented as we progress through 2019 and beyond. I am confident these factors will create long-term value for our stockholders. I look forward to having you joining our European discussion in September and we will announce final details as we get closer to that call. And with that operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Dominick Zarcone: Good morning, Craig. This is Nick. Thanks for your question. We have a very deep and ongoing relationship with CCC. We get a lot of data from them on a on a quarterly basis. And when we sat with them a couple weeks ago, we asked them point blank, their perspective as to the decline in repairable cranes in particular, because that is really what drives our business. In general, they indicated that the winter of 2019 was a bit milder than 2018 and that has an impact of reducing collision volume, if you will. And there is no doubt that on April 1 beginning of the second quarter, right, the collision repair shops have less backlog, if you will, in 2019 than they did on April 1st of 2018. You are absolutely right. Total loss rates have continued to nudge their way upward just a bit. And on the margin that takes a few cars out of the repair shops and put some into the salvage auctions, which is not a bad thing for us, because we have more cars to purchase. Total loss rates for the June 2018 to May 2019 time period was 19.3% that compares to 18.7% for the June 2017 to May 2018 time period so up just about a half a percentage point or so. Miles driven, has really started to flatten out from May 2018 April 2019 up only [six tenths] (Ph) of 1% compared to the May 17 to April 18 time period and most of those miles there increase is in fleets as opposed to personal miles. What I would call the accident-prone portion of the population think about our teenagers out there and then maybe some of the very elderly, they are not in the fleet segment and so that they believe and we believe it’s having perhaps a slight impact as well. So the good news on a longer-term basis is that the number of cars in the sweet spot is up and APU continues to shift upward very slowly, but it does shift up a bit and we believe quite frankly that account for the positive spread between our organic growth and actually the negative repairable claims growth. And lastly obviously we were measuring against a 7% comp of Q2 last year and those comps will get a little bit easier in Q3 in a much easier in Q4.
Dominick Zarcone: Okay, great. Well I will start. Clearly, we indicated in past calls, as it relates to our glass business, that when we bought the business, we inherited some less than profitable contracts. And so we have moved away from some of that revenue intentionally. That is all part of the idea of focusing on really profitable revenue growth. That comes with a decline in revenue on an organic basis, if you will. And sometimes you need to be willing to walk away from business. And that is what we have done there, if you will. That project and some of those contracts really started at the beginning of this year. So by the time we get into the late Q4, and first quarter, next year we will have fully anniversary that project. The aviation business, again, you need to keep in mind, which is also by the way, a negative drag on organic growth in both the first and second quarter. That is a business that is very, very lumpy. The average ticket sale there is not necessarily a few hundred dollars for our part, but we are talking tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousand dollars for parts. So timing on a quarter-to-quarter basis can have big impacts. Again, our expectation would be - it's going to be tough sliding there for the rest of the year.
Dominick Zarcone: So as it relates to Europe as a whole, your question I think really relates to what are we seeing here early in the third quarter and you know we have got basically three weeks worth of data which is not enough to former trend. Some of our operations are seeing a slight uptick on the revenue side, but again it's three weeks and we are headed into the big holiday season that being the vacation season over in Europe and so we are not going to - we are not working under the assumption if there is going to be significant uptakes in revenue growth in the back half of the year. We think its though slating, the reality is we talk to our competitors, we talk to our customers, the garages and obviously our suppliers and everyone is I think working under the assumption that these industry conditions are going to with us for a while. If they turn we think we will be a huge beneficiary of that, but we think it prudent to work on the - assumption that it’s going to be - these business conditions are going to be with us for the balance of year. On the your question as to the battery business. Again, we started that in 2018 as a new programs, so we fully anniversaried that we are continuing to distribute batteries on behalf of the FCA organization that being in the Mopar batteries to their dealers across the United States that is a good relationship and a good contract for us.
Dominick Zarcone: Yes, so I will start with the second half of that question, Ryan. It's important to keep in mind that the restructuring activities and what I call the optimization project, they are linked, but they are separate. Restructuring initiatives are all about kind of right sizing our business for the current market conditions. And that involves a consolidation of facilities and the elimination of lower margin activities at a local level as Varun described. The optimization project in Europe is really a longer term focus. And really, the intent is to gain efficiencies by morphing the European Organization and operating structure from what today is a fairly independent country based model to a slightly more integrated model that leverages a higher level of centralized resources. To be clear, in Europe we sell into local markets and our focus on customer service needs to remain to be a very activity, so nothing is going to change their, but there are many activities where we can create a better customer experience across the European platform and become more efficient by utilizing a more centralized structure, particularly when you think about things like procurement, category management, logistics IT and alike. Getting from here to there is no easy task and it’s not going to happen overnight, it’s going to happen over several years, but we believe and some of the initial work with our outside consultants have clearly documented that there could be significant benefits of doing this and that is why we are headed down the path. There are costs to get there, things like a new ERP program which is going to get kicked off - which was kicked off back in October is going to roll out over the next four to five years. We need to create a central European office as opposed to the virtual structure that we have today. We need to establish some off shore or near shore back office infrastructure activities and alike, we are in the middle of the process, we are midflight, if you will in identifying and quantifying about the opportunities and expenses to get us there. And that is really we are going to chat about coming September. So the focus of the program largely is harder shift - kind of the org structure, both from is truly a structure perspective and operating perspective from being a last integrated independent country model to a more integrated central model and that is going to require a lot of heavy lifting to do that, but the benefits we believe are quite significant and at the end of the day it will create a better customer experience, which will help drive revenues and alike. As it relates to discretionary versus nondiscretionary the reality is most of the parts that we sell in Europe are parts for day-to-day service on your car and in some cases take if your battery is out and you can’t crank your car over right, that is a nondiscretionary item you need to go get a new battery, so your car will work. but what we find on the margin is when economy gets soft European consumers are no different than American consumers. The first thing you do when things start to get high is you take a hard focus on your household cash flow and you tend to buy down. And so we are still selling a battery to the shop or maybe instead of the harder battery with the seven year warranty that goes out at a pretty high price point the consumer gets the more value line battery that is cheaper for them. We still sell a battery, but it’s a lower revenue battery and it’s a lower margin dollars batteries. And so it’s hard to a put number Brian as to what is absolutely discretionary versus nondiscretionary. You know when your oil light comes on to say it’s time to change oil, you don't have to go do that tomorrow and if you are trying to save some money. You may differ that for few months. You know earlier in the spring I was at a [CAPA] (Ph) conference, CAPA is a big trade organization for the parts manufacturers in Europe, and had an opportunity to meet with the heads of almost all of our major suppliers, a lot of our other peers in the distribution side of the industry and alike. And our suppliers indicated that they saw their aftermarket activity start to trend down late in 2018. And so we are not even a year into it. So I think we have got - and that is why we are a little bit cautious in the expectations for the back half of the year. I think it's going to be another six months before we begin to kind of lap the impact of the of the soft environment.
Dominick Zarcone: Well we certainly appreciate your time and attention this morning. As I indicated earlier, we are encouraged about the progress that we have made in many regards, particularly the margin structure in North America, the cash flow numbers, which were terrific. We have a lot of work to do in Europe to understand that and we look forward to sharing with you in mid-September, kind of the update on those activities. So again, I appreciate your time and attention and we will talk to you in September. Thank you.
Varun Laroyia: Yes. Absolutely Daniel and good morning and thank you for calling at the hour. Yes. If you think about our European gross margin it was flat and deep, so you actually read that correct. You really think about it in terms of while we did get the centralized procurement benefits with the organic decline coming through there is pressure on margins, right. And so, as you think about other competitors also out there, the one area where they go through to be able to kind of sustain the revenue side is on the margin peace of it. So margin did come under some pressure as a result of that. Nothing more, nothing less, we have always had those competitors are there. But clearly with a falling market as such, that is really where folks end up in trying to give value to their customers. So there were some pressure from that perspective. I think if you step back and think about it, while the headline number would suggest that the European segment EBITDA margins declined by call it 90 basis points a year-over-year. Put this entire piece into context, as you think about the fact that a year ago, Europe delivered at 8.3%, organic growth number. This year, the reported number is negative 4.3. That is 12.5 percentage points swing. And as you think about the fixed cost structure, largely you know a more so in the European Space. That is the kind of deleverage that ends up coming through. And even if we were to be able to hold flat, for example, rather than negative 4.3, if it were flat, and you were to run the math, the SG&A or the OpEx expenses would actually declined by 100 basis points with all other things being similar. So think about the deleverage that takes place in a market that is shrinking. And it doesn't just show up in the gross margin-line, it actually shows up in multiple lines, in terms of not being able to get the operating leverage.
Varun Laroyia: Yes Michael. So yes, good morning this is Varun actually. And yes I think the mechanic to fuel utilizing in your model from free cash flow or an OCF prospective are appropriate and I think if you also kind of look back into it, you just take 2017 and 2018 two prior years. We typically do have an outflow on create working capital in the second half verses the first half. So in terms of different ways to look at it, clearly with the slide frame of 20 million, 25 million at the midpoint for adjusted net income, don’t also forget that with the restructuring program that we called that also takes us back. So I would not say the usage on a working perspectives is about 140, 150 I think just take into account the lower earning plus also the restructuring that we called out that will be utilizing cash and then just in terms of the first half, second quarter use of free working capital. Overall the mechanics that you are thinking of are appropriate and hence both Nick and I referenced that there will be certain timing associated with payments. But we do expect there to be certain opportunities for us to be able to invest more on the inventory side, just given the state of the market on a broader basis. If not us, that is seen some on a softer revenues, it’s happening to competitors and we are certainly seeing it from some of the suppliers specifically over in Europe in terms of what they have been calling out. But thank you for the question, we are very pleased with the way cash is been coming through the business and really happy with the momentum that we picked up from the second half of last year and that is carried into 2019. We believe there is more to come.
Varun Laroyia: Stephanie this is kind of at the result. I think on your second part, the question about North America margin improvement, it’s actually is very, very tightly linked with what Nick started off by saying our focus on profitable revenue. Listen, we have talked about this in the past. Also, there are a number of businesses, there is a lot of revenue that is potentially available. And in the past, the company has taken advantage of it. But has been kind of looked into the market pressures, and really in terms of what is the contribution margin for that additional dollar of revenue, whether it be certain customers, whether it be certain product lines. We have consciously walked away from some of that. How should we say, lower margin or EBITDA free revenue. And yes, we did anticipate the organic growth numbers coming in as a result. And I think the way we would suggest is, Nick mentioned this in his overall comments. If we look at our core automotive parts and services business, which essentially is full service - and also aftermarket business, that business still grew about 70 basis points year-over-year, despite some tough comps from a year ago. So from that perspective, we are very happy in terms of where the focus by the team has been. So think about that specific piece, is this being conscious about the revenue that we go chase because there is cost associated with picking up the parts in the warehouse, delivering them in certain cases having to pay for the returns and so just being very conscious in terms of the revenue that we chose.
Varun Laroyia: Chris, It's Varun out here. So yes, you are right and just for the broader attendees on the call also Nick did mention that in the second week of September we will provide an update on the various European initiatives that we talked about at the Investor Day last May. So there will be a full, deep dive associated with the various initiatives and really as to how we see the overall three plus year program that we talked about a little over a year. Your specific question with regards to restructuring, yes. But again, I do want to clarify the $25 million to $30 million of restructuring that we have triggered already. And you would have seen that in the second quarter numbers also. We have actually started that activity so it’s not as if you are starting it now. It actually impacts each of our three reportable segments, not only Europe. The other piece that I would like to call out is, with regards to the broader European optimization and integration program, the restructuring that we have currently talked about is not the entirety of that piece. So yes, if you play the tape forward, there will be a costs associated with integration. And really, the point is to kind of give the market some foreshadowing language with regards to transformation costs, right. There will be a cost associated with being able to integrate those businesses. And we will provide an update of that also in the September timeframe. And again, I think it just is helpful for the investment community to understand, business as usual versus costs associated with taking the business to the next level, and essentially digging the mood that much deeper around what we expect to be best-in-class businesses in any case. So there will be some costs associated with being able to make those investments, but also to get some of the cost structure that is currently embedded out there. But again, more on that when we get to the September review.
