Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Justin, for your thoughtful perspective and comments, and Rick for that detailed financial overview. Our organization has once again proven to be incredibly resilient in any operating environment. Our global teams have worked with agility and urgency to continuously achieve positive results with our operational excellence strategy in establishing One LKQ, a unified and globally focused team. This success is a direct result of a shared mission amongst our over 49,000 employees, which is simply being the leading global value-added and sustainable distributor of vehicle parts and accessories by offering our customers the most comprehensive, available, and cost effective selection of parts and service solutions while building strong partnerships with our employees and the communities in which we operate. I'm confident LKQ will live that mission in 2024 and excel through this leadership transition. LKQ's future is very bright with Justin at the helm. And with that operator, we are now ready to open the call to questions.
Nick Zarcone: Yes. We've got -- so, Bret, I'll start and then if you want to chime in, Justin. So we've identified within the $55 million some procurement synergies. It's less than a $10 million number, as far as the overall opportunities on that portion of it that we have been already active talking back and forth with our European operations in driving some of that. And it's been real small thus far as far as the opportunity goes, getting into the P&L, but it is progressing nicely. So, Justin, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Nick Zarcone: Yes. You recall that when we announced the transaction back in February 2023, one of the opportunities we saw actually related to European makes and models, because today, up in Canada, that cohort of cars represents 10% of the car park. But bumper to bumper historically has distributed almost zero product for European makes, models. And we know somebody who knows a lot about the European marketplace, and that's where the focus will be to bring in product lines to service that 10% of the market up in Canada.
Nick Zarcone: Yes. So our primary focus right now, Bret, is on the remanufacturing of the batteries, taking a battery that's not operating at normal levels, taking out the cells that are defective, putting in new cells and getting that battery back on the road, essentially extending the life of the powertrain. We have -- as we noted last year we're talking with some third parties about recycling not where we would be operating facilities, but where we could be a partner because nobody has access to the batteries. None of the big folks trying to do the recycling really have access to the supply chain. And with our salvage operations, we are the perfect entity to help partner. So we are taking a hard look at key partnerships that could help us move forward on the recycling side. But we would not be necessarily owning and operating large recycling facilities.
Nick Zarcone: Well, we certainly thank you for your time and attention this morning and for a productive call, a good set of questions. Just a couple of key dates for everyone to keep in the back of their mind. First, our first quarter call is going to be on Tuesday -- Tuesday, April 23. Normally, we host our calls on Thursday, but this year, that week in April is an overlap with our Annual Leadership Conference in North America, which begins on Thursday, the 25th. So Q1 reporting will be on Tuesday, April 23. Second, we'd like everyone to mark their calendars for our 2024 Investor Day, and that's going to take place on September 10 and will be held at our North American headquarters down in Nashville, Tennessee, so April 23 and September 10. And with that, I'd like to thank everybody on the call for your time and attention. And as always, I extend and my sincere thanks to the 49,000 strong LKQers who make it happen every day. Take care, everyone.
Rick Galloway: Yes, sure. Thanks, Daniel. Thanks for the question. The way to think about it, I talked a little bit about it in the prepared remarks, Specialty is going to be in the low-single-digits, so that's going to be on the downside of it, whereas North America and Europe will actually be on a little bit of a higher side. When you think about both of them, it's going to be primarily driven by volumes as far as where that's going to come out for our North American operations. And then I did talk a little bit about the EBITDA percentage with Uni-Select included 17% is the number that we're guiding towards for our North American operations.
Rick Galloway: Yes. I appreciate the question. You're spot on the vendor financing program, supplier financing program; we're very pleased with what we saw. We ended the year at $411 million of -- in the vendor financing program. That includes $71 million related to Uni-Select with the acquisition that we did. That's compared to $244 million that we had at the end of 2022. Obviously, there's going to be some ups and downs. We finished a little bit on the high end from what we expected, but very good usage. We'll continue to see a little bit more going into that particularly for our European, but also for our Uni-Select operations, hoping to drive a little bit of more free cash flow. But it's not going to be at those same levels. It's not going to be a 20% increase going into 2024. So I caution you to not put too much in there as far as that goes. And then on the share repurchases, we're pleased with where we are turning out on free cash flow. We hit the billion dollars that we had talked about. That's inclusive of the $30 million that we purchased in Q4 on shares. And then again, we were active in Q1, and we think that this will be a regular piece of it. Obviously, there's significant commitment that we made on the leverage ratios getting down to 2x within the first 18 months. So that's technically January or Q1 of 2025. So there'll be a significant overweighting on the debt payments throughout the year. But we will be active as we see opportunities.
Rick Galloway: Yes. Thanks, Michael. As far as the free cash flow goes, if you think about the last couple of years, and I talked briefly about this in the prepared remarks, we were able to drive a significant portion of some of our lower hanging fruit on trade working capital. And then in addition to that, we did have a little bit of a benefit in the last couple of years, not 2023, but prior to that, if you're looking back a little bit on CapEx as well, where we did -- we had some supply chain financing, or not supply chain financing, but supply chain issues and getting some of those materials. And so CapEx was a little bit lower. If you think back to, like, 2020, when we had a high, we only delivered -- we only had about $172 million of CapEx, whereas we had $358 million this year. So there's pretty significant catch-up, if you will, on that portion. So what I would say is we're at a normalized level, and the compounding you're talking about with EBITDA and driving overall earnings and then driving free cash flow, that's what we should start expecting as we've just now normalized that amount. As far as the opportunity in Europe goes, we think that there's still opportunity. I wouldn't put necessarily a number to it, Michael. I think we had about a 20% improvement, a little over 20% improvement in our vendor financing program in 2023, which is great. It's not going to be 20% in 2024. It's going to be lower than that, but it's still going to be positive and still going to be cash generation coming out of our trade working capital going into 2024.
Justin Jude: So first off, I would say our self-serve team manages very well through some challenging conditions in 2023. But I'll give you an answer on my overall thoughts on portfolio management, which really hasn't changed from the company standpoint, from Nick Standpoint. Our job is always to look at whether we're the right owners of the businesses, whether it's product lines, whether it's businesses that operate in different geographies. And if they fit in our long-term operating model, if they hit our financial metrics, it's something we'll look at keeping and optimizing, and if not, we'll optimize it and look to sell it. But I would say that's just my general idea on portfolio management. Historically, self-serve has been a decent business for us too.
Justin Jude: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question, guy. I have spent several weeks over in Europe meeting the teams over there, the leaders of our different businesses. I'm very optimistic about our future, spent quite a bit of time with Andy Hamilton, our new CEO. Andy did run our ECP operations in the UK, which was our highest profitable and one of our highest businesses that drive private label. Some of the things that him and I have talked about that he's laser-focused on is category management. And that includes driving more private label, which will bring us better margins, really leveraging our inventory and logistics without borders. Today, we're very optimized within the countries for which we operate, but we're still independent within those countries. So we're going to continue to accelerate the One LKQ Europe to leverage that inventory, freeing up free capital. In addition, it'll give us better fulfillment rates, which will drive organic revenue and also looking at labor productivity. And so these are things that Andy's been once again laser-focused on with his team, and him and I are aligned on that pretty well. So very optimistic about the opportunities in Europe.
Justin Jude: It's a lot of different product lines today, we're heavily collision focused in the U.S. and North America versus hard parts over there. We're grabbing some of, I would say, the best practices to track fulfillment rates. We have a lot of orders in our European operations that are not necessarily on the phone like they are in the U.S., so a lot of online, a lot of e-commerce with businesses. But one of the things when we look at category management and we rationalize some of the different excess product lines that we may carry, still carrying an application for what the customer is looking for, but maybe not so many different brands, that will actually allow us to drive our fulfillment rate set.
Justin Jude: Yes. To your point, we have started leveraging our European supply chain, bringing in some private label that we already operated on or already carried at bumper to bumper in Canada. Our next phase is looking at new product lines that today bumper to bumper does not carry. So it's not only a cost of goods to get there, but also a revenue generation and margin improvement with new brands and new product lines offering within the private label, so.
