John Quinn: Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. This morning, we released our fourth quarter 2010 financial results and provided our guidance for 2011. Before we get into the call details, I'll just take a moment to reiterate a few of the major changes here at the company.  In December, we announced that Joe Holsten has been elected Vice Chairman of our Board of Directors and was appointed Co-Chief Executive Officer. Joe, who has led the company since 1998, has indicated his intention to resign as an officer of the company at year end. However, we will be a fortunate to have him as a consultant for a further five years, and he intends to continue his role on our Board of Directors. We also announced that Robert Wagman has been promoted to a position of President and Co-Chief Executive Officer. Rob has been with the company since 1998 in a number of increasingly responsible roles, most recently as our Senior VP of Operations running the Wholesale division. In additions to the announcements regarding Joe and Rob, in June last year we disclosed that Frank Erlain, our Vice President and Controller will be retiring this quarter. On behalf of the company, as well as personally, I wanted to thank Frank for his efforts over the past 13 years, and I am also pleased to announce that Michael Clarke will be appointed as Frank's successor. Michael is currently our Assistant Controller and has been with the company since 2008, so he's a natural fit for the position. Both Joe and Rob are here today and each of us has prepared remarks and then we will open up the call for questions. In addition to the telephone access for today's call, we're providing an audio cast via the LKQ website. Both forms will have replays available shortly after conclusion of the call. Before we begin with our discussion, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors.  We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made, except as required by law. Please refer to our Form 10-K and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC and the press release we issued this morning for information on potential risks. And with that, I'm happy to return the call over to Mr. Robert Wagman.
John Quinn: It's on the self-service side, John. The prices there also correlated with scrap pricing because those vehicles are being bought mainly for the scrap. And so they tend to go up higher correlation on the lower-priced vehicles with the scrap. But at the auctions, we believe it’s mostly the used car purchases.
John Quinn: Yes, on the reman side, Tony, just to give you a little bit of background on the size of the markets. We believe the market size is about $1 billion, from reports we've seen, with about $750 million of that being in the non-OE, $250 million being with the OEs and under warranty. We have an additional capacity in our reman division for reman engine heads that is about a $400 million business. For us, we combined the two acquisitions we've done, plus what we sold in the year through our own network of brokering and huge selling that product, sold about 65,000 units in 2010 combined. We have the capacity to grow to 92,000 units, with additional shifts and no additional building. So we could ramp up capacity pretty quick. On the reman head side, we have capacity to 31,000 reman heads and we only produced half that much. So we are well-positioned to move quickly. And I want to stress those figures do not include the used part market. That is strictly the reman. As for the market opportunity, I mentioned a little bit about the $1 billion opportunity. 35% of that industry is controlled by the mom-and-pop machine shops and the other 40% is in the aftermarket, in the market we're playing in right now. So with the other 25% being the OE. But the biggest bang for the buck I think we get from this is with the production of all of our units and our full-serve locations, when we sell a unit, which is almost one for one, we sell as many engines as cars we dismantle, we're getting a core back and be able to feed that reman operation. So it's pretty powerful not only do we have the stock feed but we're taking cores out of the marketplace. And then secondly, because of our demand -- we're getting so many calls on this stuff -- we tend to notice pockets of problems well before other people may have that opportunity when we get a jumpstart on the reman opportunity. So it's allowed us to be very proactive in our base business.
John Quinn: Obviously, I think Rob is primarily talking about the salvage operations. In the aftermarket, we tend to be more of a price taker there, with referencing the OE prices. We're seeing the OEs raising prices on our mix of products about probably 2.5% to 3% over the last year. In terms of margins, how we should think about margins, going forward, I'd start off by maybe just reminding everybody that in Q1 last year, we did have a little bit of a benefit from a rising commodity price environment. I think we talked about $0.02 a share that did come through. We're not going to be able repeat that, obviously, in Q1. Other things also, if you think about gross margin, the things that are driving that typically are changes in scrap prices. We're assuming on our guidance that scrap prices remain basically where they were in Q4. Since that time, we've seen a little uptick and a little downtick. We're probably back to roughly where we were. We don't really see much movement with respect to that and for the balance of this year, at least at this juncture. And salvage costs is the other thing than can drive margins. Right now, prices have been pretty stable, maybe a little bit of an uptick from Q4. But again, the guidance was built sort of on -- from the state of the auction prices that we saw in Q4. There's a little bit of a -- we talked a little bit about a mixed change because of the additional scrap revenue coming through and the acquisitions may be coming in a little bit later. And the pricing things that Rob is talking about, those things -- building that test and how the pricing can be impacted. It takes time, just to test it, and you see if it works, and go back and forth. So those kinds of improvements I wouldn't expect to see starting to come through until later in the year. But I was talking about gross margin in terms of operating income margin. You saw almost a 300 basis point improvement in our SG&A facility and distribution and warehousing costs year-over-year. Some of that is becoming about -- simply because of the same things that are driving our gross margin compression. The additional commodity sales has actually helped those margins because you don't really need a lot of extra warehousing or SG&A to run those sorts of things. So I think some of those things are also going to continue to improve to the extent that some of -- to the extent that we see higher commodity prices were going to see improvements in those margins. So net-net, hopefully, the operating income margin, it pans out favorably.
John Quinn: I don't know if we're going to get that granular with our guidance. Last year, our total organic growth came in a little bit under 7% for the combined. I think we saw our guidance this year at 68% organic growth. How much of that will come out, I guess if I had to bet I would say a little bit -- it's probably more on the aftermarket side than the salvage side. Hopefully, we kind of anniversaried the price increases that we saw at the auctions with respect to the salvage side.
John Quinn: Yes, we are obviously, I think I've spoken in the past about nothing being revolutionary but more incremental in terms of some of the things we are trying to do. We are trying to consolidate our accounting into a shared services facility in Nashville, those sorts of things. Some of the technology that we're doing allowing cross-selling, those sorts of things. We would like to see some additional leverage coming out. I think in terms of the numbers in Q4 that we saw, in Q4 last year, we had a few unusual things, there's nothing really unusual in Q4 2010. So I think that's kind of a good jumping off point.
John Quinn: I think it's relatively de minimis. Given the kind of revenue growth that we are forecasting with these acquisitions, I think the pricing teams are going to be around there, frankly.
John Quinn: Yes. I would think it would take some time -- it would take a few quarters to flow through the system. But I think we would see some improvement.
Robert Wagman: Thank you, John. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. We are very pleased with the results we reported this morning with both a strong fourth quarter and full year. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations in Q4 was $0.28, an increase of 12% as compared to $0.25 for the fourth quarter of 2009. However, excluding a gain on bargain purchase and restructuring expenses, Q4 2009 earnings would have been $0.23 resulting in an adjusted year-over-year increase of 22%. Revenue reached a record of $674 million in the quarter, an increase of 21% as compared to Q4 last year. Organic revenue growth for the quarter was 10.4%, which reflects increased part sales and higher commodity prices. For the full year, our EPS from continuing operations was $1.15, up significantly from $0.88 in 2009 or $0.86 when adjusted for the items I just mentioned. This morning, we also issued our guidance for the full year of 2011. We expect that revenue from parts and services will grow organically in 2011 at a rate of 6% to 8%, which is in line with 2010 actuals. Based on current conditions and excluding restructuring expenses and any gains or losses related to acquisitions or the divestitures, we anticipate full year 2011 income from continuing operations will be in the range of $194 million to $208 million. And diluted earnings per share from continuing operations will be in the range of $1.31 to $1.39. Net cash provided by operating activities for 2011 is projected to be approximately $195 million. We estimate capital expenditures related to property and equipment will be between $85 million to $95 million. The latest data available to us indicates that collision repair shops continue to increase their use of alternative parts when repairing vehicles and that the alternative part usage rate increased to 37% in 2010. This indicates a continued commitment by insurers and their DRP networks to work at holding down claims cost with the use of alternative quality replacement parts. As mentioned in past quarters, NSF, the administrator of our AQRP program, and a nationally recognized standards and certification firm, previously announced a new automotive aftermarket collision parts certification program. NSF's efforts should expand the universe of certified aftermarket parts and part types, and reinforce the use of aftermarket parts in the collision repair industry. To date, NSF has certified over 300 unique parts. Alternative part availability should increase as these newly certified parts eventually work their way through the manufacturing process and ultimately, into the estimating systems and our inventories. Furthermore, the U.S. Department of Transportation reported that November 2010 miles driven were up 1.1% from November of 2009, which should lead to increased demand for our range of products. Demand for LKQ's wholesale parts remained strong during the quarter. Our fourth quarter organic revenue from the sale of all parts and services increased 7%. For the full year, we finished at an organic growth rate of 6.6% which was in the target range we set at the beginning of the year. Turning now to aftermarket refurbished revenue. Aftermarket refurbished revenue increased 16.8% for the quarter, with an organic growth rate of 7.7%. This healthy growth rate can be partially attributed to be the availability of more certified parts entering the system, as well as the maintenance of a generally robust inventory levels. In our wholesale recycled division, organic revenue growth of recycled parts and services was up 6.1% for the quarter. Availability of salvage inventory has been good and we continued to put more recycled inventory on our shelves to sell, but the prices we had to pay continue to be above the historical average. During the fourth quarter, we purchased over 49,000 vehicles for dismantling by our wholesale operations, which is a 22% increase over Q4 2009. However, the 2009 total includes about 5,500 Cash for Clunker cars, which yielded a lower revenue per car than our typical late model salvage vehicle. As for volumes at the auctions, the outlook for supply remains good, starting out in 2011. With inventory already on hand, and a continuation of our current run rate for acquiring cars, we should have sufficient inventory to grow our recycled parts operations. We continue to be focused on the improvement of parts pricing to offset the downward pressure from high auction prices on our gross margin. We are moving towards managing our pricing on a national basis, as well as creating pricing specialist for our different product types. In addition, we are implementing better disciplines for mechanical, part, core charges and recovery. We are seeing some initial promising results from both of these initiatives. I'd like to turn the call over to Joe to talk about other aspect of our business and our most recent acquisitions.
Robert Wagman: John, this is Rob. I think its old news being rehashed here. We take it very seriously, of course, their allegations. We've done multiple crash testing on our parts. We continue to put new certified parts into the system, which we think is a benefit for everybody. And we will continue to test our products. As far as the used parts go, I think that's a little bit of a stretch because we're taking parts off of cars that were on the road. So if -- I don't think you can get a better tested product than the one that's been on the road before. So I just think it's an attack that they're going to use to protect their market share.
Robert Wagman: Let me talk first, Sam, about what we're doing and I think it will be helpful if John can answer the other half of your question. But as far as the national pricing, this has really been facilitated by our operating system that now allows us to see across multiple regions instantly. So it's allowed us to go from regional pricing, where we had a regional pricing, multiple product lines across a computer screen in just a region. The new ability we have now with a product line specialist. So for example, a compressor, one person can change prices across the whole country, just making it much more effective and allowing us to get these price changes in much more quickly. The other thing that's important as we continue to grow our IT resources is the cross information going from our Aftermarket business to our Salvage business. They're sharing data readily that is also allowing us to make quicker moves. But I think the most important thing we've done is make a dedicated pricing department that is going to push through these changes much quicker – they’re looking at algorithms and different trends that allow us to make the pricing changes quicker. And the last thing I would mention to what we're doing on pricing that I think is pretty important, is our deviation progress. We monitor our sales reps from one [indiscernible] (00:55:36) off the reservation, so to speak, and getting too aggressive with the pricing thing, and we've been able to lock them down to that new computer system and have much more controls.
Robert Wagman: You did nail the weather. We had quite a bit of closures from Texas to Boston. And it was in both January and February, actually. January we had closures from Atlanta up the East Coast. But in January, the numbers are in, the month was pretty much in line with our expectations despite those closings. So we're pretty pleased with January. As far as February goes, we have the Texas and up through the Midwest. A lot of closures there, as well. But while the numbers aren't in the books yet, we're trending well towards the later part of the month. So demand has been good and we've been able to meet that demand.
Robert Wagman: Well, there's certainly a lot of -- the business's acquisitions in that industry. The DRPs are getting stronger and stronger. Craig, I just saw a report that the percentage of collision repair is going through DRP networks, the top 35%, which doesn't include GEICO or Progressive, so it's much higher than that, actually. I think we're seeing some of the mom-and-pops go away. But as far as actual collision activity, we do watch an annual report, and it’s been pretty steady. And certainly, the weather this year in January and February should provide them good opportunities into the spring. So a little bit more of a consolidation in history, but the industry begin seems to be holding its own, not too much of a decline.
Robert Wagman: I don't think so, Scot. The benefit here is -- you remember, we're just not selling a compressor, for example. There's multiple compressors depending on the make and model. And by getting product specialists, I think, we believe, that they'll be able to act much more quickly to trends in the industry as opposed to try and price across multiples spectrums, they can concentrate and drill down a lot easier to get to the right price. So I don't see any downside to doing this. I think it will be much more effective and it will allow us to monitor our pricing much more quickly and react quicker to any kind of change in the OE marketplace.
Robert Wagman: If I could just add one thing to Joe's comments, one of the things that allowed us to really survive the storms and all the shutdowns were the fact that we are so diverse, not in product lines but also in geographic locations. When some locations close, we were still able to just keep running in neighboring markets. So we'll continue to fill out the North American platform.
Robert Wagman: As for the APU trends, John, you're right that we had a 200 basis point increase from '09 to '10. I think there's a couple of factors that's causing that. You're right, there are more aftermarket-certified programs that's certainly not hurting the availability of product and therefore, the use. There's still tremendous insurance company pressure to keep cost down. They're fighting for the same policyholder. There aren't more policyholders necessarily becoming available so it's getting quite competitive. Even though we are paying more for salvage, as we mentioned before, the auctions are robust and there is plenty of inventory available. One thing we don't talk a lot about, which is probably a good time to talk about and the effect of APU usage -- our reman division, when it comes to collision parts, head lamps, bumpers and wheels, our fill rates are up in that product as we buy more companies and have more access to products, we are filling more and more of those product lines. So that is also contributing to the APU increases that we're seeing. As for the age of the vehicle and the impact that you asked about, certainly as cars get older, the mechanical components become much more desirable. And to tie it into your pricing question, obviously, if demand gets stronger, we can obviously address that with pricing as necessary. As cars get older, less likely to sell sheet metal on those vehicles. People might be less likely to carry full coverage, but certainly the mechanical components offer a great opportunity for us.
Joseph Holsten: Thanks, Rob. Turning to our Self Service retail operations, during the fourth quarter, we purchased roughly 77,000 lower cost self-service and crush only cars. The pricing dynamics within the Self Service business were generally favorable to the company throughout the fourth quarter. However, we've recently seen car costs rise above the Q4 levels and at a faster pace than ferrous scrap metal pricing. Similar to our late model business, we continued to see car opportunities that are self-serve operations to increase our price points. Shifting to our Heavy Duty Truck operations. We purchased roughly 1,200 units for resale or parts during the quarter. We remain focused on expanding our network, as well as rounding out our marketing and sales training in this area. In addition, we're bringing all of our heavy truck operations under a single IT platform, along with the development of another change to facilitate parts identification between operations. Recently, we have been encouraged by a pickup in activity in our export markets. We enjoyed another robust quarter for acquisitions with a total of eight deals. These included a Wholesale Recycled Product business in Arkansas, and a Self Service business with two facilities in Southern California. These are in addition to the previously announced acquisitions of Cross Canada, a leading Canadian aftermarket price distributor, and PROFormance Power Train, an engine remanufacturing business in addition to four other APU businesses. 2011 has also started off on a strong note, with the acquisition of four additional companies, including ATK Vege, an engine remanufacturing business headquartered in Texas. Additionally, an aftermarket distributor of heating and cooling products located in the Midwest, a heavy duty truck Recycling business located in Texas, and a Recycled Parts business in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Combined, the acquisitions of ATK and PROFormance provide LKQ with a significant foothold in the engine remanufacturing market. And we believe provides some key competitive advantages in regards to the pull of cores from our recycled parts facilities, as well as our ability to predict future demand to build the right products to meet that demand. The trailing annual revenue for the eight Q4 acquisitions and the four acquisitions already closed in 2011, comes to just under $240 million, and is included in our 2011 guidance. Through our own internal development efforts, we opened a new tire recycling facility in Tampa, Florida, during the quarter. This is part of a continued expansion strategy. This product offering resulting from our 2010 acquisition of a Tire Recycling business. In addition, we currently have several self-service recycling facilities under development, which we expect to open later this year.  And at this time, I'd like to ask John Quinn to provide some more detail on the financial results of the quarter.
Joseph Holsten: Okay. Thank you. Let me share some closing thoughts before we go to Q&A. Like John and Rob, I am also pleased with the progress that we've made in Q4 as well as in all of 2010. And I believe the company is well-positioned to continue our growth in 2011. Similar to the way I closed this call one year ago, I've continued to believe that the current U.S. economic recovery will be slow with weak to moderate economic growth for the near future. Our results this quarter continue to demonstrate that LKQ is able to realize strong revenue and earnings growth even in the current overall economic environment of low growth and high unemployment. We delivered good organic growth in all of our product areas by building strategic partnerships with the collision repair industry, and offering quality alternative parts. We also realized growth from the successful integration of previous acquisitions. A pipeline of acquisition candidates remain strong, and completing additional transactions will help support our future growth by increasing our presence in both new geographical and underserved markets and by broadening the product lines we sell. Our recycled parts inventory is currently deep. We were able to generate strong results last quarter despite continuing higher procurement costs. I expect car costs will remain at higher levels and the overall fleet page will likely increase again in 2011 as a result of only a modest improvement in new car sales. Our company remains well-positioned with good product lines that provides value to our customers in a difficult economic environment. And our strong balance sheet should allow us to capitalize on the many growth opportunities that we anticipate for LKQ. That concludes our prepared remarks, we'd like to go to Q&A at this time.
Joseph Holsten: I think I would characterize that predominantly from used car pricing. The Manheim Index continues to hit new all-time highs right up to last month. And John has kind of done some correlation work himself, and probably the strongest predictor that we can lay out in terms of salvage auction pool prices is purely what we've seen in used car pricing. The quantity and volume of product is pretty robust.
Joseph Holsten: Yes, I think a good pace for us is kind of one every other quarter. And then just to be opportunistic, I assume, there will be another one dropped down. In fact, I would expect that we'll probably close three heavy truck transactions in 2011.
Joseph Holsten: Just to add one other comment, Tony. A lot of the transactions here over the last five or six months in addition to the product line expansion, continue to represent geographical diversity for the company, which I always think is one of the strengths of our company is how diverse we are in terms of our business presence. Over the last five to six months, a number of our deals have really been oriented toward just new geographical expansion. The Norfolk, Virginia, transaction a couple of quarters back was a totally new market for us. The Cross Canada transaction got us somewhere around probably eight Canadian markets that we were not serving at all. And, of course, the Little Rock transaction recently is a market that we were serving but we were serving that market from about a four-hour distance. So it was not really very robust or responsive service. The geographical expansions have always been really nice deals for us, really into the sweet spot of the company because it helps us leverage our inventory and our distribution systems quite effectively and frequently working with the same insurance partners who we've been enjoying working relationships with for the last decade.
Joseph Holsten: Just a fine point, Scott, the work is going to be done nationally but that does not mean that regional pricing decisions would still not be encouraged in the company. So it's just bringing far more discipline to the process than what we've accomplished over the last number of years.
Joseph Holsten: I think we've got to continue to have significant amounts of blue sky and open runway. I think last year, we talked about having a couple of years we'd string together $200 million in transactions. Generally, I don't think the market thought that we would get that done and we're easily surpassing those numbers. And I'm convinced that we will quite comfortably put a couple of hundred million dollars of transactions on the board this year. In 2012, the issues of the capital gains taxes are going to be right back on everybody's face about a year from now. So I continue to think we have several years of open road with a good acquisition environment and things that create a lot of volume not just for our shareholders but quite frankly, for our customers.
Joseph Holsten: Yes. The fourth quarter of 2010, those is about as good as life gets to be in this business. Because as you've identified, managing the spread is really the critical factor. And throughout the fourth quarter of 2010, we were always in a situation where we were selling scrap for more money than we had anticipated, two to three months earlier when we actually bought the car, and I'm referring strictly to our U-PULL-IT, our Self Service business at this point. So that's about as good as life gets. As we moved into the first quarter, that relationship has evened out quite a bit. As a matter of fact, as we've moved into the February time frame, we've seen the actual cost for salvage for end-of-life vehicles is at the highest level that we've seen this year and right up through last week. At the same time, scrap pricing at least for now, appears to have peaked, probably in the first couple of weeks of January and has traded back down, I'll say, close to 10% for the numbers that we're looking at for March. So this is obviously nothing like the situation we confronted in 2008, when scrap prices were in free fall. This is a very manageable situation and business will do fine. But in terms of any sort of windfall, like we saw in the first quarter of 2010 or even a little bit in the fourth quarter, I wouldn’t expect that to reoccur in Q1 of this year.
Joseph Holsten: Well, the most interesting transaction for us has been and will continue to be an acquisition that's in our -- kind of our bread-and-butter, late-model, automotive parts. And that would represent either a geographical expansion of totally new markets for us or an extension into the market that we may serve. But I always use the word, underserved. A great example of that was the Denver market and we've built about a $3 million business in Denver. We were servicing the accounts from Topeka, Kansas. And we opened a facility in Denver in the middle of last year and what we'll see kind of a hyper growth in our Denver operations and probably, for a good five-year period. Same thing in Seattle, small acquisitions in Seattle. A market leader certainly from Portland, Oregon, but now with real estate -- we're investing in the facilities there in the first half of 2011. And again, we would expect to see hyper growth in our greater Seattle market. So that's the sweet spot of our transaction focus and it will continue to be because there are a significant number of markets that were underrepresented there or don't have a presence at all.
Joseph Holsten: I'll start with the auction environment question and then I'll ask Rob to respond to the balance of your question, John. Throughout 2010, each quarter, we were tending to see kind of year-over-year significant increases in the cost of salvage for our late model wholesale businesses. It would appear that into the fourth quarter of this year, when those year-on-year comparisons has evened out. As a matter of fact, if you look at the fourth quarter of 2010, our average cost of salvages for the wholesale operations actually dropped about three percentage points from where we were in Q3. So we'll see how Q1 unfolds, but at least at the moment we feel that we probably kind of topped out on the cost of salvage for cars. We have reoriented our thinking there a little bit to, I think, keep our focus more on the gross margin dollars, maybe as opposed to the gross margin percentages. Because at the end of the day, the real key to the business and the profitability for the company and our shareholders is really the gross margin dollars that we produce from each car that runs through our dismantling phase. And said differently, we'd rather deliver a $1,000 door than a 1,000 $100 doors.
Joseph Holsten: We'll call it a call and look forward to talking to all of you about 60 days from today to update you on our progress in the first quarter. Thanks again.
