Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, Nick. As a company, we are always focused on financial performance, but we are equally focused on facing change head-on and rapidly adapting in order to continuously deliver positive results for our stockholders, employees and, most importantly, our customers. It is clear, as headwinds present themselves, our team actively adjust to market conditions to effectively and profitability manage their businesses, not only for today, but to position us well for the future. This focus has allowed us again to deliver double-digit EPS growth. And before we open the call to Q&A, I would like to thank all of our nearly 40,000 employees, our stockholders, our board, our external constituents, friends and, most importantly, my family, for your trust, loyalty, support and commitment over the last six years as LKQ CEO. There simply are not enough words to explain my gratitude. As I step aside and enter a new chapter of my life, I can say with utter conviction and enthusiasm that I have never been more excited about the future of LKQ and delighted that the board have selected Nick to be my successor. The transition is on schedule and would expect to formally pass the baton to Nick over the next month or two. With that, operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah. Research tells us, Ben, that it's about a $2.4 billion a year repair – just the automatic transmissions that we're going to focus on – which also Oklahoma City because it's near our core division in Texas. What's interesting about what we do obviously is we're selling roughly 300,000 used transmissions into the marketplace. We pick up a core with everyone of those. So, we're going to be able to put them right back into reman and put them back on our shelves. What's also good about the data we have is that we know which transmissions are on high demand based on our activity for used transmissions. So, we're going to focus on those high, fast-moving units at first. The management team is hired. As you mentioned, we have a very strong reman engine division. They're actually overseeing this. I have the utmost confidence in our team. And quite frankly, the reason why we're greenfielding is there really aren't a lot of good acquisition candidates out there. There's a lot of what we call bench techs where – like in AAMCO Transmission where they pull your transmission repair and put it back. So, there aren't many doing this on this level. So, we're excited about the opportunity. We expect our first transmission to be sold in Q4 and we think it's going to be a sizeable opportunity for us.
Robert L. Wagman: I'd actually like to add to that, obviously, we got to do some easier comps in the back half of the year. We are seeing more cars moving to that sweet spot as the sour rate from three years ago really starts to move in. As Nick mentioned there was macro trends. It was nice to see that APU finally went up 100 bps to 37%, miles driven, unemployment, fuel is still relatively cheap. So, we feel good that those macro trends has turned into more claims. I think we're well positioned.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah. Really no issues there at all. Aluminum, high-strength steel, all of our manufacturers have access to that. In fact, they're producers for the OEs. So they have an aftermarket division and an OE division. So that should not be an issue at all. As far as some of the sensors that go into the components, insurance companies won't use aftermarket or recycled sensors. So those were parts we really couldn't sell before anyway. So it's really not an issue. The more expensive components though, should bode well for us, because we can replicate them and obviously, we have them in the used as well. So we should receive a little bit of a tailwind there.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah. I think it's fair to say it's both, Craig. Obviously the SAAR rate, most people are projecting that's going to start to plateau. Truck sales and SUVs are very strong, which is the core bread and butter of that division. We constantly add new SKUs and grow the business through that side, through inventory. But clearly the demand is very strong for these type of products. So we are cautiously optimistic that's going to continue, with the SAAR rate being strong in those type of vehicles. So we're expanding. We look for new geographic – and of course geographic locations and of course, our announcement last quarter of our expansion of this product line into Europe and the UK. So we think there's opportunities in Europe as well. So that's going to be a good product line for us going forward.
Robert L. Wagman: I will add, Michael, that obviously, the aging car part bodes very well for our mechanical, used engines, used transmissions, and future reman transmissions as well. So, we think we're well positioned on the mechanical side.
Robert L. Wagman: Clearly, total losses are tied to residual values or actual cash values, but the insurance industry uses the term. Obviously, we expect, and with the aging car part, to see total losses to continue. Now, we meet with CCC every quarter. There was a slight uptick in total losses in Q1, but it's hanging right around that high-18% range. Their prediction is it starts to level off as these newer car part gets into the repair cycle here. But the older cars are certainly sticking around. As used car values drop, that will obviously increase the total losses, if that happens. Interesting, Manheim reported they were slightly up last month. So, we haven't really seen that happen yet, that the residual value is coming down. Should that happen, though, I remind everybody that how we get our inventory for salvage. So, even if it takes up to 19%, 20%, that's still four or five cars are repairing. And one of the things that I think holds us back in our organic growth is the availability of inventory. So, if there's an uptick in total losses, it's not necessarily a bad thing where there's so many cars still being repaired. Now, if that was to go up dramatically, then I think I would change my tune on that, Jamie, but for now, I think there's a healthy balance between total losses and repairable.
Robert L. Wagman: And that was my comment to Michael on the previous question, was that – it's the older cars – our mechanical businesses was well primed for that side of the business. So, the more total losses, older cars, more inventory we can get for those mechanical components.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah. Interestingly, we said that – Bret, that it was 1.1%. For Q1 of 2016, it was 1.4%. So, claims line actually came down this year versus last year. Where they go, claims line, in the future months, we're not sure obviously. But our comps do get easier so that's why we think we're going to be okay on the organic growth.
Robert L. Wagman: I think it's both, Bret. I think that MSOs are driving it as well as the insurance companies. About 50-somewhat-percent is going through a true DRP environment, the other 50% is being driven by the insurance industry. So, it's a combination of both.
Robert L. Wagman: They're definitely taking market share, we believe that. Just as we are very inquisitive, we look at other people's – our competitor's financials as we buy companies. We are definitely taking up market share. No doubt about it.
Robert L. Wagman: That's going to take a little while, Ryan, but we certainly – we're focusing on more market – more wallet share of our customers and we're slowly aligning our sales reps towards those goals. So, that's going to take a little bit more time.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah. It's not sales force compensation changes. We haven't changed the compensation of our reps. It's more just how they're being commissioned on the growth of those customers. So, we are not seeing a turnover of those reps at that level. It's just rewarding them more for growing a segment of our business.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, everybody, for joining the call. We look forward to updating you in July when we announce our Q2 results. Thanks, everybody. Have a good day.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Sure, Ben. This is Nick. Obviously, the improvement in the North American gross margins are coming from really all parts of the business, whether that's the full-service salvage, the aftermarket parts, as well as our self-service operations and the like. The key there is the procurement. It has less to do with selling prices. It all has to do with improvements from a procurement perspective. The activity at the auctions continues to be very strong as far as product flow. We're buying good product at good prices. We're focusing on getting a few more parts off of each of those cars because, ultimately, we earn more money when we sell a part than when we send it to the crusher, if you will. Clearly, the improvements and the focus on aftermarket procurement that we put into place about 18 months ago is really helping. Again, the total productivity initiatives, which includes things beyond just cost of goods sold items was over $9 million in the quarter. We are about $9 million last year or last – in the fourth quarter of last year as well. So, we're annualizing now at about $35 million, $36 million. All of that helps. All of that helps drive down the cost of goods sold and improving the margins.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Well, we are doing a little bit better than we were in the fourth quarter when we initially acquired the business. But we still have to operate under the hold separate order. And so, there's only so much, Ben, we can do as it relates to the day-to-day activities at Andrew Page. Our goal is to keep the losses to a minimum until we can get full control of the business.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. So, the North American organic of 1.8% is consistent with what we signaled during our fourth quarter call. At that point in time, we said that for the year, we were looking at 2% to 4% in North America. We anticipated that the first quarter in particular was going to be at or below the low end of the range, at 1.8%. That's exactly where we came up. The reality is January and February were tough, March was the best month of the quarter. From a growth perspective, March tends to be a stronger month, in general. So, we are cautiously optimistic with respect to what that could mean for the rest of the year. We're still comfortable with the 2% to 4% range. Again, at the low end of the range, if we just do 2.1% for the back nine months, we'll hit 2%. To get to 4% we need to be at 4.7%, on average, for the back nine months. We probably need some help from the industry trends to get us to the upper end of the range. But again, it's still – in theory, it's still within reach. At the midpoint of the range, if we do 3.4%, we'll annualize out at 3.0% for the year. So, at the end of the day, the trends – Rob talked about the 1.1% increase in repairable collision and liability claims, that's as low it has been for quite some time. The reality, I mentioned the 23 states were actually down. The states that had the largest increase included locations like Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Idaho. I mean, it's great that they're up significantly but there's no cars in those states. So, it didn't really help us very much. So, again, we remain cautiously optimistic that the trends will improve through the year and coming off of a relatively slow start.
Dominick P. Zarcone: It's really – we anticipate that we're going to fall into our guidance from a growth perspective, that the margins will continue to be pretty strong. Again, we did a little bit better than we anticipated in Q1. Now, we also know that a penny of that was the higher scrap prices which we did not anticipate. And we don't think we will get the same uptick on scrap in the balance of the year. Again, you got to remember scrap prices in Q1 of last year were in the $92 range or somewhere thereabouts. So, it was a pretty big lift on a year-over-year basis. Again, we were anticipating scrap at $125 a ton or so coming into the year and it was a little bit better than that. So it's a combination of consistent growth, consistent with our guidance, and good margins.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Sure, Craig. And I can assure everyone the search process has been launched. We've retained a firm. The initial feedback from prospective candidates has been incredibly positive. We've reviewed dozens of candidates on paper over the last couple weeks. We'll move into the next part of that process very shortly. I'm highly confident that finding capable candidates is not going to be the issue. The key is going to be finding somebody who fits LKQ from a cultural perspective. When you think about the attributes, clearly somebody who has public company experience would be helpful, either as a sitting CFO or as a strong number two. If we could find somebody with distribution and/or automotive experience, that would be a plus obviously. A big part of our business is overseas, so some international experience would be helpful. We do a lot of M&A work, and so somebody who has been part of that process again would be helpful. Capital markets expertise. The fact that we are going to continue to grow business quite rapidly, and we're going to need to fund that growth. And ultimately, we're looking for the best candidate with the best fit. But if we can find a diverse candidate, that would be an added plus. So you put all that into the mix. We doubt that anybody is going to fit all that perfectly. But that's kind of what's on the wish list, Craig.
Dominick P. Zarcone: The first half kind of balances it out. It really had to do with the Easter weekend in Europe, where you had the biggest impact. Easter was in I believe the last week of March or towards the last week of March in 2016. Obviously impacted Q1. Some of the European countries, it's basically a day off, both on Good Friday and on Easter Monday, the Monday after Easter. That fell into April this year. So when you look at the first half, it should basically cancel each other out. So a little bit stronger growth in Q1. It would be a little bit softer growth in Q2 on a reported basis, just because of the impact of the Easter holiday. But it should all wash out. We talked about in the Q4 call, last year was a leap year. And so there's one less day on the calendar. That really manifests itself in the U.S. Actually the way the calendar falls from a working day perspective, it doesn't pop out till the third quarter, if you will, where we're down one day. So hopefully that helps.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Well, one day on a quarterly basis is about 1.5%, right? Because in the U.S. we tend to have about 63, 64 business days in a quarter. So if you take one day out, you're about 1.5%.
Dominick P. Zarcone: The scrap gave us a little bit more than $0.01. A $0.01 is about $5 million of pre-tax. So, that's probably the best way to think about it.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. The trends were actually pretty similar, if you will. Again, the salvage side of business really serves both markets, right. Obviously, we sell sheet metal and the likes off of a recycled vehicle, but the most valued parts of the engine and the transmission which go into the mechanical side of the business. And again, the growth of the aftermarket and what I'll call the core collision aftermarket product, the hoods, the fenders, the lights, the bumpers and the like, was pretty comparable actually to the growth of the salvage business.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Thanks. And Rob is not going far. He's going to stay as a consultant with us, and I've got all sorts of ideas as to how to keep him plenty busy.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. And the other thing CCC mentioned is they believe that the uptick in the total loss rates is directly tied to the age of the car part. The reality is when we're buying a car that's 9, 10, 11 years old at auction, we're not buying it for the sheet metal, we're not buying it for the hoods and the fenders, and the doors, if you will, because most of those cars aren't getting repaired anyways. We're buying it for the mechanical components, the engine and transmission, because the sweet spot there is really cars 7- to 14-years model years old. And so, the more of those cars we can buy, the better we will be to service our customers.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. So, the best gauge we can tell you is our experience on reman engines because we have a pretty active business there. And the margins there are very consistent and very strong of gross margins relative – north of 40% range, which is consistent with our North American business. And we fully anticipate that our margins in the reman transmission business will be in that same zip code.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. So, as we announced last quarter, we have the 26.5% ownership position in Mekonomen are publicly held entity over in Sweden. We actually have two board members, both John Quinn and Joe Holsten, our Chairman, serve on the board of Mekonomen. We're very happy with our current position there. We believe it's a terrific company. They're working through some growth issues as well, but we're going to remain a very interested shareholder and, again, we're happy with our current position.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. No. Nobody should anticipate a significant uptick in margins, if you will, in the back half of the year. The growth will help. We have – our business is a little bit seasonal, part of the reason we put in the historical margins on a quarter-by-quarter basis for each of the businesses into our chart is so folks can take that into account, if you will. Clearly, if you just track historically, Q1 and Q2 tend to be good quarters. The third quarter tends to be a little bit softer and then we pick up again – generally, pick up a bit in Q4.
James J. Albertine: Great. Thank you very much and let me just add my sentiment as well. Rob, wish you the best. You've been great to work with and, like I said, wishing you the best in your future endeavors. And, Nick, very excited that you're going to be taking on some responsibilities here in the interim and look forward to that as well.
James J. Albertine: Okay. And obviously, you've reiterated today your 2% to 4% outlook. And so, to the extent that you would have seen something incremental in this data, you would have, I guess, revisited that and you didn't, right? So, it seems like you, maybe at the lower end of that range, have baked in some of this already, if I'm interpreting that correctly.
James J. Albertine: Okay. Very good. Well, thanks again. And like I said, Rob, best of luck with everything, and look forward to staying in touch.
