Nick Zarcone: Thank you both for that financial overview. With respect to our guidance for 2017, we have made some minor tweaks based on where we're sitting nine months through the year. Organic growth of parts and services has narrowed a bit to 4.0% on the low end, to 4.5% on the high end reflective of the fact that we're at 3.8% for the first nine months. Likewise, we have narrowed the range for our adjusted diluted earnings per share to a $1.86 on the low end and $1.92 at the high end increasing the midpoint to a $1.89 per share. The corresponding adjusted income from continuing operations is $575 million on the low end to $595 million on the high end. Cash flow from operations has been revised to a range of $600 million to $625 million and capital spending has been revised down to a range of $175 million to $200 million. The updated guidance reflects an effective tax rate of 34.75% exchange rates in the fourth quarter of $1.30 for the pound and a $1.18 for the Euro and scrap at approximately $160 per ton. In summary, Q3 was a solid all round quarter. These terrific results reflect the collective efforts of our more than 40,000 employees around the globe who are working hard to serve our customers each and every day. I would like to thank each and every one of them for their dedication and for being LKQ proud. Operator, we're now ready to open the call for questions.
Nick Zarcone: [Technical difficulty] really happy with the growth rate per day basis, [technical difficulty] on a going forward basis.
Nick Zarcone: If you - the Rhiag business again because that's where all the Eastern European operations are centered right, have the highest organic growth of the three companies, if you will. ECP, good numbers and kind of net bid single-digit level. Sator was a little bit lower than the exceptional performance they had in Q2, but all in all we're happy with the growth rate.
Nick Zarcone: So, you're talking about Warn Industries which we purchased or are going to purchase. We've not yet closed from Dover Corporation. Yes, they have manufacturing operations and yes, we're going to and to keep those manufacturing operations. The specialty leadership team has had kind of vertical integration as part of their strategy for quite some time, this is the first opportunity to bring something to fruition, we're only going to do it in very select circumstances cases where there is market leader with a strong brand that we can control a business that operates in a large market with good growth opportunities. What Warn represented was an undisputed market leader. They've got about $140 million of revenue which is about 10% market share of slightly more than a $1 billion market. They've got an incredible brand identity. Vehicle owners ask for the Warn product by name, very good margins to this business, Samik. Circa 20% so from a margin perspective it will be accretive to both the specialty margins and our consolidated margins. We believe that just going to be an opportunity for ancillary revenue flow because in many cases you cannot put their product on a factory issued bumper, so we think it's going to be an opportunity for ourselves few more bumpers and importantly it's going be a bit accretive to the 2018 EPS. So, this case we're able to acquire only the aftermarket business. Dover actually retained their OE business, so this was a much simpler transaction then say the PGW situation. Again, at the end of the day, we think it's a great opportunity, it fits well into our product set, it's got our brand that we can control, and we like being in charge of the distribution. And from a size perspective it's about 1% of our consolidated revenue. So just keeping in perspective.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Craig. Yes, as everyone probably knows, several weeks ago. GPC which had a NAPA brand here in the US announced their maiden voyage in the Europe, by buying Alliance. Which is a large enterprise headquartered in France, significant operations in France, a bit in Germany and then significant operations at UK as well. We believe Europe is an outstanding marketplace, we've been asked quarter after quarter for the last several years, why aren't all the other US companies in Europe and we could not answer that question. We're just happy that we' were the first mover and have the largest market share in [indiscernible]. So, we think yes, Craig it really goes to show that our strategy in Europe is indeed a good and effective strategy. Look Alliance is a very good competitor in the markets in which they participate, we don't see any material changes. Due to ownership by GPC, they're a very good company, they're very good operator and they're very disciplined and at the end of the day we think that's just fine.
Nick Zarcone: Yes, those just so you know those are two very, very small businesses. Okay, but let's take the Netherlands business, right. We sell parts to largely the independent mechanical repair shops. Those folks are very good at fixing cars. Their shops that maybe have six [indiscernible] and eight mechanics. What they're not good at is actually having a CRM system where they can stay in touch with their customers, blast out emails, promotions for oil changes or break jobs or whatever the case maybe. What this company does is to provide that kind of - of that capability for that independent garage owner, by us providing that software to our customers it will help them grow their business and our clearer goal is to use that incremental service in helping our customers to get a bigger piece of their wallet, when it comes to parch purchases and alike. Again, in the RV side, again it's providing an incremental service to our RV dealers. What we intend to do is use that to help drive a higher level of revenue, get a bigger share of the dealers' wallet when it comes to type of parts that we sell.
Nick Zarcone: Yes, so the best way to track that is, our experience coming out of Sandy back in 2012, the reality is, there's going to be a lot of good salvage coming to market. We can't buy it all, we can't dramatically up our purchase of cars because we need to have a place to put the cars. You can't put 40 acres of cars in a 30 acre salvage yard. And that's true with us, that's true with everybody. So, we think, these cars come to market we're going to be able to buy a high quality car and an average revenue per vehicle will be a bit higher because it's not like the front end is gone or the back end is gone, right. The reality is, more parts are going to be available for sale. And we think we can get some good pricing again it's supply and demand Bret, right. And with a flood of cars coming to the market at the end of the day that should help a bit. There's not going to be massive changes, massive gains from the cost of goods sold perspective, but on the margin over the next several quarters there should be a little bit of benefit flowing to all the recyclers if you will, ourselves included just from the incremental volumes coming to the market.
Nick Zarcone: Our sense is, is it's probably nudging up slowly. The 4% per day in North America actually our salvage and what I would call our core aftermarket product and I think about the Keystone product in the box in glass where all nicely above the 4%. Obviously, we're still continuing to feel a little bit of softness and a little bit of negative comparisons and things like paint, cooling and wheels. And then our smaller businesses like our heavy duty truck business and reman business, we're kind of in the low single-digit. So again, we think that based on our experience we can't speak for the rest of the industry, but based on our experience APU is probably nudging up a little bit like here in 2017.
Nick Zarcone: No, again. We're moving towards reporting European on a segment basis, given that we're now operating and in 15 different countries, we've significantly added to our presence and places like Belgium and Ireland and Poland and alike and but again the positive trends continue.
Nick Zarcone: Well again on the specialty side, we're distributor at heart. There are other really strong brands in that specialty space if they came for sale and if they had those characteristics that I described, large markets, leading market shares, the ability to add and growing to adjacencies we could add. I can't give you a specific product type, Ben at the moment because it will be really any of the product types that we sell out of our specialty business and as you know, I think last year we sold 275,000 different SKUs including parts from 800 different vendors. But it would have to be a leading brand that really made a difference.
Nick Zarcone: If you think about Andrew Page, they're losing money, their revenue under prior ownership hit a decrease because they weren't investing in the business, they were not investing in inventory. But they still had a national distribution center that they had to cover the cost on, they still have the corporate office that they have to cover the cost on, and that's why they're losing money. I mean those overhead cost relative to their revenue rate are just too high. Ultimately with T2, we don't need their national distribution center. Okay and while we need some of the people in their corporate office, we don't need the total duplication and so those where the real opportunities are. Michael, you mentioned I think in your call the impact of Andrew Page on margins for Europe.
Nick Zarcone: Yes so 70 basis points on Europe overall just from Andrew Page, which means if we get it to be breakeven, we pick up 70 basis points in Europe. And we're going to get its profitability. But it's going to take some time as I mentioned in my comments. The integration is measured in weeks or months, it's measured in quarters.
Nick Zarcone: We have not, although it was just announced on Monday, so of this week so it's only four days ago. The reality - this is a product that the vehicle owners demand by brand. And I think the other distributors who are selling the product are still going to want to sell the Warn product because of the brand identity it's a very good product for everybody in the distribution of specialty product.
Nick Zarcone: Yes, you're talking about our announcement a couple quarters ago of greenfield being a reman transmission business in Oklahoma city and the update from our leadership team just on the last few days, is they anticipate the first transmissions will be coming off the reman line in the first or second week of November, so we're pretty much right on track. Now it's going to start slow, but build from there over the next several years.
Nick Zarcone: We don't anticipate any significant moves. Obviously, all those total loss vehicles are sooner or later once we and the other recyclers are done with them, I'm going to head to the metals processors to get recycled and like. So, there will be some incremental volume, but when you think about the total amount of steel is recycled in this country and used around the globe, we don't see any material pressure. Our average scrap prices last week were right in the $160 a ton range, which is down a little bit from maybe a month ago, but not materially.
Nick Zarcone: So, we thank everyone for participating on this third quarter call. We do know that this is a very busy time for all you and we appreciate your time and attention. Again, we think, we had a great third quarter, we're looking forward to a good fourth quarter and we'll talk to you at the end of February with our year end results. Thank you everyone.
