Joe Holsten: Okay, John. Thanks. As I stated earlier, I’m very pleased with the third quarter and John has just shared with you the revised and increased guidance for the balance of 2010. Last quarter, I said I believed that recovery will be slow with weak to moderate economic growth for the near future. Our results this quarter demonstrate that even without the benefit of external economic drivers, LKQ was able to realize strong revenue and earnings growth. We had good organic growth in all of our product areas by building strategic partnerships with the collision repair industry and offering quality alternative parts. We also realized growth from the successful integration of previous acquisitions. There’s a strong pipeline of acquisition candidates that if closed will help support future growth by increasing our presence in underserved markets and by broadening the products that we sell. After recalibrating our salvage auction strategy earlier in the year and rebuilding the recycled parts inventory, we were able to generate strong results this quarter despite higher procurement costs. I expect car costs will remain at higher levels until the auto industry works its way back to equilibrium and a healthier market for new and used cars emerges. In the meantime, we will continue to focus on other ways to improve our gross margin, build partnerships that increase the acceptance of alternative parts and identify strategic opportunities that provide results for our shareholders. Kristine that concludes our initial remarks, so we’d like to open up for questions at this time.
Joe Holsten: I’ll just add one thing to that. We’ve -- through the last 10 to 12 years, we’ve -- I have felt that we’ve had a pretty robust process to evaluate pricing on a regular basis. And in the last quarter, I asked John to lead an effort to do an assessment of the effectiveness of our process. And as you might anticipate, we weren’t as pleased with how our process was working as probably we thought we should be, process we believe could be far more robust than it is today and certainly much more disciplined. So John is leading that effort for the company and I imagine we’ll probably end up with a centralized desk where pricing is managed for the whole company kind of under one roof and one leader. So we’re working through that as quickly as we can and as thoughtfully as we can, as the last thing we want to do is chase any of our customers away because of ill-conceived pricing concepts. But we still look forward to sharing good improvements to come out of that process over the next several quarters.Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: All right. Thanks a lot guys.
Joe Holsten: Over this year I would say I’m highly encouraged by the acquisition market right now. I would characterize the market as the best deal market that we’ve seen in 12 years. And I would also tell you that it’s great to have a solid finance team behind us because the company is well positioned in terms of our cash availability and the liquidity of the company and the strength of our balance sheet to work aggressively and freely in what I think is a very lucrative market. I would not suggest that the multiples in the market have really changed at all over the last year. We continue to probably pay the smallest multiple for the self service operations because they don’t have quite as robust of growth characteristics as the late model yards. The aftermarket businesses receive kind of a medium multiplier, if you will, because they don’t really have the special permits and licenses and use permits that are necessary in the recycled parts business and we would continue to pay a slightly higher multiple on the late model recycled businesses.
Joe Holsten: Well, we do believe that that is one of the contributors to the lack of product at the used car wholesale auctions, which I indicated we believe that’s creating a spillover effect of people who would normally buy at those auctions also buying and competing at the salvage pool auctions. So, yeah, we think that has been a contributor to the shortage of used cars and the high used car pricing. I did see some speculation in the market that the used car pricing has finally reached to level it is likely to start pushing more new car sales, just because there’s so little difference between on some models now, there’s so little difference between used car pricing and new car pricing that it’s likely to be a little bit of a stimulant for new car sales.
Joe Holsten: I think it’s generally trying to remain competitive. We’ve talked about the financial returns for the insurance carriers over the last few years not being particularly robust. Last year, for the first time I think since World War II, there were actually fewer insured cars year-on-year. So there is a shrinking premium pool. And you’re not seeing at least, to my knowledge, you’re not seeing any consolidation in the auto insurance industry. So you have the same number of customers chasing a shrinking premium dollar pool right now and they have to be able to compete on costs. So personally I think it’s survival.
Joe Holsten: Thanks. Very good. Thanks for joining us. Look forward to our next call, when we’ll cover the fourth quarter and provide guidance for our 2011 fiscal year as well. Thanks again.
John Quinn: Sure. Let me just sort of break it down in a couple of pieces. One is the aftermarket and we’re, there’re always benchmarks if you will for a lot of the pricing. So we’re constantly taking a look to see what the OEs are doing. It looks like year-over-year on our mix the OE prices are up about 1%. We tend to follow that. And then, we also look into other things that we can do around those areas. If you think about what we consider as our low hanging fruit, implementing mandatory core charges, we raised wheel prices about $5 during the quarter, we’re seeing some pretty good acceptance on that, and I mentioned discounts with respect to what the sales folk’s discount of the list. So we’ve introduced some reports to track discounts for what down to the individual salespersons. In the longer term, particularly on the salvage side where it’s much more difficult. We’ve established passwords just to examine the way we look at pricing and they’re just getting kicked off, if you will, and they’re going to be making recommendations of what we can do differently. So it’s going to take some time, probably several quarters, before we figure out exactly how to attack some of this. But in the meantime, we’re just taking a look at easy things to do. For example, we have different price books around the country. So where products are very similar, we’re taking a look in comparing the price books around the country and just seeing if we can take things to the best-in-class if you will, look at the highest common denominator and try to challenge people if they can bring everything up a little bit.Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: Got it. Thanks a lot guys.
John Quinn: It’s primarily just timing in terms of some of the bigger projects that we had. Permits seem to always take a little bit longer than what the deal forecasted budget time. So I would say that some of this is going to be carryover into next year.
John Quinn: I don’t know that I could point to anything specifically with respect to costs associated with putting the facilities together. We talked overtime again this margin expansion through leveraging and that kind of thing. What I would share with you is that in the quarter, we did have some costs associated with the Nashville Accounting Center consolidation that we talked about previously. We’re bringing all of the accounting functions from our regional centers into a single shared services organization. We had some severance and other costs there for I think it was $0.5 million.
John Quinn: It’s John speaking. One point is, we certainly have a benchmark price in terms of, for example, doors and assembly, right? There’s no OE equivalent of a door. And so, that’s a good thing and a bad thing. And one thing, and it doesn’t -- there’s no benchmark. On the other hand, there’s a variety of qualities as well, does something have parking lot dings or not? And so it’s not possible for us to just say every door is a door and there’s no unique SKU, if you will, that says all of these products are the same. So, and Joe mentioned that we’re going to be cautious not to do anything that’s going to scare customers away. But we try to understand why it is that one door sells for $700 and one door sells for $800. And why is it different across the country? And what is the elasticity associated with that? And to pull those little nuances apart takes time and then, if you try to do an experiment, if you will, and we’re going to raise prices 5% say, and what is the impact on it? You’ve got to do a large enough sample of a large enough product and then try to understand what the impact is. So it just takes time. Or when you’ve got an aftermarket product and you have a recycled headlight, an aftermarket headlight, a refurbished headlight or an OE headlight, they all have the same fit form function. They all perform exactly the same. They all fit and have the same interchange numbers. We know it’s more of a homogeneous product, so it’s easier to compare those things. It’s easier to do specific tracking, as Rob mentioned. It’s a little harder when you get into the aftermarket, excuse me, into the salvage side, because there’s each product could be a little bit unique, a little bit different.
John Quinn: Yeah. I think we mentioned when we did a mid-quarter press release with respect to the margin, the smelter business is very low. So in terms of what might be different, we were just cautioning people a little bit not to apply our normal margin to all of that revenue. In terms of the wheel, the reason we bought that business, it came with a big piece of revenue from the scrap aluminum sales. But the real reason we bought it was to get control of the cores because you can’t rebuild them if you don’t have them. And when we buy a truckload of wheels, for every 100 we may only get three to 10 wheels that we can rebuild. The rest we just scrap. So that was really the purpose of that transaction. We think that we will get some additional scale because of the probability of being able to fill will be higher. Because with, again, this is a product that demand exceeds supply if you will, because of a limited number of cores. And so, to the extent that one plus one just increases the probability that we’ll be able to make the sale. So I think there will be some savings on that, probably a little bit on the SG&A piece as we’re able to leverage our sales organization.
Rob Wagman: Yeah, Nat. This is Rob. They have really just started putting parts in the process. The first process that they certify has to do with substandards and then start building parts to those standards. They are -- have added already 50 parts into the system, they just announced last week and there are many more in the pipeline. It’s an interesting comment about what it means to the insurance companies. We think it’s a very positive thing. There are several carriers that have a certification policy only, if they only write certified parts. So the addition of these part types into the marketplace, we think it’s going to provide an actual uptick in potential revenue, because with some of the issues that NSF started to address were parts that insurance companies never wrote. Only one of the top 10 carriers even wrote core supports and bumper rebar. So with the addition of these parts into the certified market, we actually expect some carriers to increase their usage because of that.
Rob Wagman: Absolutely. Yeah. They’ve already told us in conjunction with our manufacturers that they want more parts into the program. And we think we’re going to see cap increase their reaction to this to stay competitive. So we think both certification bodies will add more parts into the industry.
Rob Wagman: Absolutely. Right. As we, yeah, one of the acquisitions we made last quarter was up in Boston. That’s fully integrated into our operations already, with the ability to cross-sell as well as combine deliveries.Bill Armstrong – C.L. King & Associates: Okay. Yeah. That makes sense. All right. Thanks very much.
Rob Wagman: Yeah. The pressure -- the difference between the OE and the aftermarket is pretty consistent, the price range. We do price, obviously, in comparison to the OEs and as Joe mentioned, these things fluctuate all over the year. So we’re constantly reacting to those changes. But as far as the spread between the OE and the aftermarket, it’s been very healthy and continues to be very good for us to be able to price our parts and give an alternative to the collision repair industry.
Rob Wagman: Well, we certainly push the envelope as hard as we can on getting the prices as close as the industry will accept it. There is a certain breaking point here a carrier may in fact go with an OE part instead of an aftermarket part. So we have to be cognizant of the fact that we can only go so close to OE before they become -- they don’t think it’s an advantage. So we continually push that envelope as hard as we can and monitor that by our sales and being able to react to pricing whether it be both increase or decrease as necessary.
Rob Wagman: And if I could just add one thing to that, the obviously, the benefit for us on the higher used car prices is it’s more difficult for insurance companies to total a car and therefore giving us more parts sales opportunities as well. So, while it hurts us, perhaps prevents the salvage from availability, it does provide a lot of sales opportunities.
