Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, John. As we enter the back half of 2012, our outlook continues to be positive for the balance of the year. I'm encouraged by the tailwinds of lower fuel prices, the increased in miles driven, anticipated alternative part usage growth and a recent reduction in vehicle pricing we are witnessing. I am equally proud of how our group of over 19,000 valuable employees have attacked the headwinds we face in the first half of the year. We believe our unique competitive advantage and the actions we have taken in response to the challenging operating environments have translated to consistent earnings growth since our founding. We continue to focus on other ways to improve our gross margin, build partnerships that increase the acceptance of alternative parts and identify strategic opportunities to provide results for our stockholders. Christine, we're now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure, Bret. We're very pleased with our progress there. We knew this was going to be a long curve to get done, with their alternative part usage in the 5% to 8% range. It was more of an educational process and we're continuing that process. We're meeting with insurers and repairers. And it's -- our daily sales are progressing to what we expected. We know it's going to be a long haul and we're on it as we speak. The -- all the estimating data has been uploaded to Audatex Solera. We're also working with a company called Glassmatix, that's the other estimating company in the marketplace. So we're working directly with them, and the sales are growing daily.
Robert L. Wagman: They are still in their restructuring process. They just need a new CEO over there. So they are working through that as we speak, but we continue to obviously take market share, we believe, from them as well as others with the growth that we're having. So we continue to lead the way at the marketplace and grow the market share and with -- the store openings have been very well received. As we mentioned, we've done 23 stores already but we will have the other 7 done by hopefully the end of Q3. And we plan on continuing to grow that business aggressively.
Robert L. Wagman: No. Core business is healthy, other than the fact that pricing is down a little bit on some of the precious metals. And again, we hope that our precious metal acquisition will help us recover some of that. But no really bad signs in that respect.
Robert L. Wagman: I think there's quite a few organic growth drivers that we've witnessed lately that are really encouraging. First, fuel is coming down, Nate. It's really good to see that fuel is coming down. Through May, we have miles driven in the country up 1.2%, so we're seeing a positive trend there as well. We're encouraged by the sell rate as well. Now, the latest figure we saw was about $14 million cars. That's obviously going to impact the number of fully insured drivers. We did see the average model year car now in the United States has reached now 11 years old, which is good for our mechanical side of the business, perhaps not as good for our collision side of the business. But with the sell rate coming up, we'll start to see that shift towards a better trend. Our backlog in the old and salvage business is -- really, I don't think it's ever been stronger than what it is today in the summer. We've just seen greater volumes at the auctions. We've been able to pad that. As you saw, we announced the 18% growth in the salvage acquisition vehicles. So we're being able to buy our inventory quite easily today. One other thing that we're really excited about is -- on the aftermarket side is that certification programs continue to gain strength. Just some year-over-year stats: cap rate year-over-year from Q2 to Q2 is up 25% in the number of certified parts. NSF has doubled their year-over-year count, and our AQRP program, still strong and with strong interest by the insurance carriers to help increase their alternative part usage, so -- and finally, we did predict that -- and we are still predicting, that we're going to see 100 basis point improvement in alternative parts. I guess I would add that we are obviously taking market share. I did in my prepared remarks, mentioned that insurance companies are seeing softer claims and yet we're still growing the business. So we are certainly taking market share as well. But alternative part usage and those other tailwinds are really helping the business.
Robert L. Wagman: The biggest thing is just filling in some of those holes in our maps. We've done now 11 deals this year. We've announced 11 deals and each one of those will get plugged into those distribution networks and help offset some of the costs. So that's the main driver there, just putting more -- filling in more holes and getting more facilities into those distribution networks.
Robert L. Wagman: Gary, if I could just add one thing to that, on scrap, one thing we have seen. We saw the rapid deterioration, as John mentioned, in June into July. But there are signs that it looks like the market is stabilizing. There isn't a sign of rebound but it appears that the market does appear to be stabilizing, so we're not expecting a further drop at least in August.
Robert L. Wagman: Exactly. And we do continue, John, our work with the inside sales reps on deviation controls, and those are still in place as well.
Robert L. Wagman: We were sort of thinking it's correct in that it will -- as I said, we've done 11 deals in the first half of the year. Last year, we did 21, so we're certainly on pace to have a record year. And we do anticipate that there might be a little bit of aggressiveness in the back half of the year as that tax -- looming tax increase comes. Our pipeline has been as active as it's ever been. And then just let me touch on just our business lines and what we're seeing across the business: We're going to continue our aftermarket strategic tuck-in list, similar to the 2 we mentioned -- that we announced today, the core accessories and the paint distribution. We have plenty of opportunities in that side of the business. Self service, we announced 3 acquisitions this quarter. And we're doing a lot of greenfields as well. But great opportunities there as we continually build that marketplace. We remain -- we're in pretty good shape, we believe, on the engine side. We certainly continue our zest to find a transmission rebuilding company, so we think that's a great opportunity for us and we'll continue to work in that respect. Full serve, we're actively looking for opportunities as well. That facility in West Texas was more a strategic place because it's a new geographic market for us. And we're announcing -- just did a deal up in Western Canada to start a greenfield. So there's plenty of opportunities there and I'd expect, because of that tax consequence coming, that we'll active throughout the rest of the year.
Robert L. Wagman: We are actively looking at opportunities there. We're going to focus more on the northern half of Europe at this time. I think that the Scandinavian countries and Northern Europe can be a little more stable than perhaps the economies in Spain or Italy or Greece. So we are actively looking at that opportunity, nothing imminent I can say, but that -- certainly attractive as we -- we're pretty pleased with the success we've had at ECP and the opportunities that the salvage market provides in Continental Europe as well as the U.K. as well.
Robert L. Wagman: We -- I think it's fair to say that we have active sellers in the marketplace. However, some of them are -- in those economies, we're not particularly excited about at this time. And it seemed to be -- you know what would happen is -- Richard, is that we enter a new marketplace, we do get inquiries that tend to be more from companies that may be struggling and looking for a exit strategy right away. So we're actively looking, as I said, and we want to -- our strategy has been and will continue to be to buy the best performers in the marketplace. So what -- we just want to make sure we do our due diligence correctly and have time to really assess the marketplace. But I would say that the opportunities in Europe are as good as they are here in the States.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, I think we differ a little bit than the standard big box retailer here in the United States. Ours is more driven from an insurance company. 85% of all insurance claims are -- actually, automobile accidents are paid for by insurance companies. We have a little bit of a different driver, I think, in terms of our sales, whereas I think they're more retail-oriented. Even when they're selling in the commercial markets, it's a retail person making that decision. So I think their pricing is a little bit separate from ours in terms of I think they're much more competitive in terms of each other whereas we're really focusing on taking market share from the OEs which are really outside of our competition per se. So I think their pricing strategy may be different than ours.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, there's no doubt there's a direct correlation to a weaker economy and the strength of our business. People want to save money. But with that being said, even in a stronger economy with the insurance companies again paying 85% of parts and repairs, they have a financial incentive, good economy or bad economy. But we do see, certainly in a tougher economy, that we become a much more viable option. From this perspective -- 2 perspective, actually: People are keeping the cost longer, so the average model year car now is 11 years in the United States. So more things will break, and when things break they'll certainly tend to deplete more of their pocket. So we think -- one that John and I talked about is that one of the greatest tailwinds we can see is a lower unemployment rate with more people commuting to work and having money obviously to do those repairs. So we've certainly believed, though, a weaker economy does not hurt us at all.
Robert L. Wagman: Well, with that, thank you, Christine. Thank you, everybody, for joining the call. We look forward to joining you in about 90 days to give you the results of our Q3 Call. Thank you.
John S. Quinn: Sure. The acquisitions -- in Q2, there was about $6 million of revenue included from those, but the trailing 12-month revenue is about $130 million.
John S. Quinn: Oh sure. Good question. The -- let me just hit on what we think is going to happen with the margins. Again, we don't give quarterly guidance to you on the gross margin line. But I'll just reiterate a few things we said. Other than seasonality, when winter time, we tend to see a little bit better margin when the shops are very busy. Our gross margin discussions tend to make more sense on a sequential basis rather than year-over-year, so -- but let me just walk you go through that. In Q2, we saw our gross margin was 41.9%, and that included the legal settlement. Without that legal settlement, our margin would have been 41.1%. So let's just start with that as a base. If we assume that scrap stays where it is today, we'll -- Q2 had a 50 basis point impact from scrap, and I mentioned we believe that, based on today's prices, there's pricing impact of $0.02 to $0.04 in Q3. If it's only $0.02, then scrap isn't really going to impact the margin in Q3, but it will cause Q4 to snap back by about 50 basis points because you won't to see -- we won't have that impact in Q4, if that make sense? If it turns out that scrap is higher -- a higher impact in Q3, say it was $0.04, that will cause an additional drag of probably another 50 basis points. But then the snapback in Q4 is going to be 100 basis points, a cumulative impact as we work through that inventory. The other thing I mentioned was that we expect to see the precious metal business negatively impact margins by Q3. But we think that's going to be somewhere in the 30 to 50 basis points drag. And that change will -- and this should be a new run level for us. Over time, we'll be able to mitigate some of that as we're able to move more of our non-ferrous metals to that facility and get better yields from each car. But that is going to take some time. The other 2 things we normally talk about are car acquisition costs and pricing. AS -- the Manheim index has come down some. We've seen a reduction in the car prices that we're paying at auction. But at the moment, I think that reduction is probably just offsetting some of the scrap reduction, but then the value of those cars, as opposed to improving our margins. But if we continue to see those drop, we may see some benefit from the -- on the gross margin line in later quarters. And then on the pricing front, just to give you a little update while I got you on the gross margin comments: we continue to work on our modeling. We've been running some tests. I think there's a little reticence on our part to pull the trigger on some of those with the low volumes in Q1. So we'll probably put that on hold for 3 to 6 months. And we had run some tests. We've had some encouraging things. We're running additional testing. So I think that's probably been pushed out a few months versus what we had originally planned for Q4.
John S. Quinn: On ECP EBITDA margins, you have to be careful because some of those contingent purchase price adjustments are in there. So in Q1 we had a favorable contingent purchase price of $1.3 million and $1.1 million unfavorable in Q2. If you adjust those out, you're right, there is a little bit of a step-down of about 90 basis points. And that -- we're attributing that mainly to the drag of the new locations being opened.
John S. Quinn: Year-over-year -- we didn't own them obviously in Q2 last year. They grew about 22% year-over-year, which was essentially all organic. Not necessarily the same-store. I don't really have the same-store sale number for that, Sam.
John S. Quinn: It -- the guidance is including the legal settlement. It's excluding anything associated with restructuring or anything to do with contingent purchase price adjustments.
John S. Quinn: Sure, sure. We -- yes. John, it's John Quinn speaking. We've been modeling, trying to understand the elasticity of product lines and the customers with -- and we've been using testing in one region on a segment of the customers. And we -- I don't think we're prepared to say yet how much that could drive gross margins. We --- the early returns were that they were some positive things, and we think it is meaningful. But we're redoing the second test with another larger sample, so -- we would -- originally planned to do a lot of that in Q1 when the volumes are very soft. In Q1, we decided to hold off because we didn't think that, that was a sort of a normal market. We do want to make sure we've got some good data. So we've done some testing here earlier this year, we're redoing it this quarter. And so I'd probably give you a better update on that in the next call. But it is still progressing.
John S. Quinn: We're not going to try and signal anything in particular. I think what -- if you peel back the onion a little bit, what you'll see is there's a couple pennies of improvement that are coming out of that legal settlement that was not in the guidance and that's probably offset by some scrap that wasn't in the guidance either.
John S. Quinn: Yes, and I think one thing just to add to that is the insurance companies, when in a weaker economy, they're very price competitive and they're still struggling to get any kind of return on their investments. And so in -- within that difficulty raising the top line and difficulty gaining a new investment income, really the only place they can squeeze that is metal, which is where we're there to help.
