Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, Nick. To summarize, we are pleased with our second quarter performance. As we enter the back half of 2016, I am confident that we will continue to execute on our performance priorities of organic growth, margin expansion, the leveraging of our networks and our passion for delivering our one-stop shop solution and industry leading fill rates to each of our customers. We believe that great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together. Every day, our 38,000 plus employees work together to build a better company for our customers and shareholders, and for that, I would like to say thank you. This team effort combined with our unique competitive position in each of our business segments continues to translate into consistent earnings growth for our shareholders which has allowed us to increase our guidance for 2016, despite the unpredictable weather anomalies we faced earlier this year. And with that, Devon, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah, Craig, it was soft as I said in my prepared remarks. CCC reported 2.3% growth, and we came in at 4% for the first half. So we still are taking market share, but to answer your question about the cars hitting the sweet spot, we expect that at the end of this year, early 2017. So, as the cars start coming out of that – hitting that three-year spot, so it's pretty flat right now year-over-year. But at the end of 2016, early 2017, we start to see it expand.
Robert L. Wagman: Certainly, the geographic differences, Nate, were pretty stark actually. We were very strong in the South and the Central regions. And the Rust Belt or the Winter Belt was very, very light. it really matched up almost identical with what CCC gave us for claims. One other thing that CCC pointed out to us was pretty interesting, a later model car is being repaired now, which is a little bit of headwind at first because obviously newer cars will get new parts. There aren't a lot of used parts in for the stream yet as well as the aftermarket parts for that matter. So we are expecting when that sweet spot moves our way, we are expecting to see more growth in our – for those type of products because it will just be much more demand. Remember, we talk about that three to eight years, we're bringing in that 2009 model year now car where it was the lowest SAAR production of all. So we'll get through it next year, and we think a lot more cars will start hitting the sweet spot.
Robert L. Wagman: No. There are some pretty smoothly actually. We did a very controlled rollout of that, so no hiccups there. What we do anticipate is once we get the whole country rolled out, we'll start looking at the individual routes to really start to drive the efficiency. So no real hiccups in that rollout at all.
Robert L. Wagman: Obviously, what we're doing now, Nate, is working with each individual manufacturer and pooling our combined purchases. And that's an arduous task to get through to get them to, obviously, agree to the terms that we're looking for and pooling all of those orders together. As we add more and more companies, it kind of resets it every time. So the talks are well under way. We have consolidated our purchasing under one lead person now for Europe. And those talks will continue and we'll continue to obviously work those. September is – big conference over there, it's called Automechanika. We have meetings with every one of our manufacturers and expect some positive results out of those meetings.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. I would love to say that that top 10 carrier I mentioned in my prepared remarks was State Farm, it was not, unfortunately.
Robert L. Wagman: It was a carrier who had multiple brands and only one of the brands was using my aftermarket parts and now they're bringing the whole company over. So that's a good win. As far as State Farm goes, no, nothing new there, Nate. I agree with you that they may have gotten a little bit of reprieve this half, first half, but GEICO continues to take market share and we keep talking to State Farm on a regular basis.
Robert L. Wagman: That's our thoughts, Ben, that we should start to normalize here now. And we are anticipating mid single-digits back to where we projected earlier in the year.
Robert L. Wagman: And, Ben, I just want to add one more thing to what Nick said on the Rhiag deal, we announced that we, in my prepared remarks, I said we did 11 branch openings. We're going to do an additional 20 to 25 in the back half of the year as well because we're so pleased with the way the acquisition's going. So it's going to mimic a lot of what we did at ECP, the year we bought that as well. So very pleased with that acquisition.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah, a couple comments on Brexit, we do see likely an increase in cost of goods coming into the UK. However, because of the devaluation of this pound sterling, we do expect all of our competitors to face that obviously. So we expect to pass that through. In terms of the acquisition strategy, as I mentioned and Nick mentioned as well, we're going to keep building out the Rhiag network through greenfields. And we will look for acquisitions as well. Likely, probably going to turn down a little bit, we expect some of the sellers might pull back and wait for the smoke to clear a little bit. But we are watching and we think it's an opportunity to continue and grow the business.
Robert L. Wagman: I will add to what Nick said, Bret, that CCC did – we had a quarterly update from them on that chart that we have in our slide deck, our investor deck that shows the part penetration per estimate, another increase by the alternative parts industry for Q2. So continue to take market share from the OEs. I just think it's a – the result of just the lower claims volume right now. But when that returns to normal, I think we'll see the acceleration come back.
Robert L. Wagman: That was the last one that had half of the – or actually about three quarters of their company not writing and a quarter writing. So that's it other than State Farm of course. Allstate, when you take a company like Allstate, they only write certified parts and that's why we always highlight the number of certified parts hitting the marketplace. So they have limited use, in other words they won't write all parts. But everyone else on the top 10 are writing some form of alternative parts now, other than State Farm, on aftermarket.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah, we are intentionally buying a better vehicle. It's slightly newer. Younger, I should say in age with that intent of – as that car part shifts to a newer car, Jamie, we want to have obviously newer model parts in the inventory. So it is going to plan. We are buying that younger vehicle and we are absolutely getting more gross margin dollars. We run a report here that it is showing that we are actually getting more dollars out of the same amount of cars.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah, I think that's fair Jamie. It is opening up new opportunities for us, particularly in the accessories space. Those vertical moves – we have a lot of opportunities there to expand that size of the business. We are not in the reman transmission business today. We think that's a great opportunity for us. So we are looking at those opportunities very closely now.
Robert L. Wagman: John, I'll just add to what Nick said with the PGW acquisition. We are starting to sell glass in our LKQ facilities. So those reps have access to that. So, yeah, we are – we do like that the – certainly, the distribution side of the business, to be able to cross-sell in our different entities. We're looking at opportunities in Europe as well. So we're very pleased with that acquisition.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah, the biggest benefit we think we can get is just training. By consolidating our call centers and getting our people better trained and better monitored is the ultimate goal here. We talked about the CCC initiative where more and more is going online as an opportunity as well. So we just see just more effectiveness with our sales reps and just being able to better handle called line (58:19) as well. The way we're situated now with sales reps spread out all over, we now have the ability to move our phones. If the phones go down, we can move it to a different call center. We do plan on going to extended hours so that at 5 in the morning if someone on the West Coast wanted to order a part, if they're up early, those will ring on the East Coast. And when we close down at 5 o'clock in the East Coast, those calls will be ringing on the West Coast. So we expect expanded service because of the way we're going to be routing the calls and handling the sales force. So we do expect some good efficiencies to come out of this.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you everyone for your time today, and we look forward to speaking with you in October when we report Q3 2016 results. Have a great day.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Again, Craig, as we mentioned on several calls here, we're going to report that as we go. We are thrilled that in Q2, the total impact was $0.01 per share to the positive. Just to put that in perspective, that's – $0.01 a share is $5 million of pre-tax. We would anticipate that we've got that locked in for the rest of the year. We do anticipate to be able to garner some improved efficiencies as we move through 2016 and 2017 because some of the programs take a little bit of time to ramp up. But, again, on a – if you want to annualize the second quarter, that'd be $0.04 a share or the better part of $20 million.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. But, Nate, just to be clear, there's absolutely no correlation between the distribution of the parts which is really what Roadnet goes after and the ultimate sale of the part. The reality is, when collision frequency is down, you're going to sell less parts.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yes. We believe that if the currency rates stay where they are, basically $1.30 on the pound and $1.10 on the euro, that will hit us as I indicated in my prepared remarks for about $0.01 a share a quarter, so $0.01 in the third quarter, $0.01 in the fourth quarter. On scrap, we got $0.02 to the positive in the second quarter. That was an unexpected surprise. If you look at the chart in the deck, you saw that the scrap prices during the month of May hit just north of $150 a ton. The average for the quarter was $1.38 which is up from $91 in Q1. And now we're back down to $115, right. And so, if you look at the change last year from Q2 to Q3, we went from $140 a ton, down to $123. And if you went to the Q3 script last year, that was $0.02 a share to the negative. So, if you just replay that this year, there could be as much as $0.02. We're hoping it will be a little bit less just because we were on a consistent downward trend in scrap pricing last year. This year, it's only the one quarter tick up and then it looks like back down. So there's a chance it won't be quite as significant, but figure $0.01 or $0.02 in the back of the year for scrap as well.
Dominick P. Zarcone: So the total doesn't change when you think about the underlying profitability of the company. It's just – under IFR – International Reporting Standards, right, you have different costs get reported in cost of goods sold as opposed to operating expense. So, while the total doesn't change, it's just a shift, higher gross margins and the offset is in operating expenses. We anticipated that Rhiag would be at like an 11% EBITDA margin. When we announced the transaction back in December, they were north of that. For the second quarter, there is seasonality to their business. As an example, there is – in their Italian business, there's three less working days in the back half of the year than the front half of the year. In the Czech Republic, there's two less days. And so the fourth quarter which traditionally is a little bit softer in our European businesses, you're going to see that with Rhiag as well. So one key thing, and this is true with PGW as well, is there have been no changes to the annual plans for either Rhiag or PGW. We are very confident that the accretion expectations that we set forth when we announced those transactions will absolutely occur. Again, there's a little bit of shift between the quarters with Q2 being a really good quarter for both those entities. And so the benefits will be a little bit less in Q3 and Q4. But again, we're thrilled with how both the big acquisitions are performing under the first quarter or so of our ownership.
Dominick P. Zarcone: So nothing that – none of the data that we analyzed on a daily, weekly, monthly basis, whether it's the number of calls we're receiving, the number of formal part request, the number of estimates, conversion rates, et cetera, et cetera, would suggest that there's any substantive changes in the market as a whole. The reality is, well in general, miles driven should correlate positively to collision activity, right, number of cars on the road. At the end of the day, the key metric is the number of accidents that actually occur. And it's been soft in the first half of the year.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Not really. The inventory, historically, has turned about three times a year. There's no big changes there.
Dominick P. Zarcone: On a consolidated basis, it'll begin to turn a bit faster just because of PGW has a much higher turn, because their OE business has basically direct delivery to the assembly lines.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. I mean, John, PGW was – had a really good contribution to the quarter. Again, they haven't changed their overall projections for the year, their budgets or their plans. So they're right on target. That's a combination of both the aftermarket business and the OE business. Obviously, the OE business plays to different dynamics than our historical businesses if you will. The reality is they're very – they're different, right. And the drivers of our core North American business are different than the core drivers of the PGW business. Again, we think our core North American business had a great quarter. I mean the margins were up. Gross margins were up. Operating margins were up. Profitability was up nicely. Yeah, the organic growth was a little bit lower than I think was expected. But given what was happening with total, the frequency of collisions, I mean all put together, we think we had a terrific first quarter in North America.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. The collision side actually performed a little bit better than mechanical. I mean the two biggest parts we take off of a salvage vehicle is obviously the engine and the transmission. On the aftermarket side, we saw no mechanical. So mechanical strictly relates to the salvage side of the business. The reality is those parts start selling kind of year seven or so. If you take a look at the request that we get for engines and transmissions, about 15% of the total request relate to model years that are one to six years old. 65% of the requests come from model years that are seven to 15 years old. And so the kind of the sweet spot for the mechanical side, yeah, are older vehicles, and as – the strong SAAR rate over the last several years, it's going to take some time before those cars come in to the sweet spot on the mechanical side. So a little bit stronger performance on the collision versus the mechanical. But nothing – not significant.
