Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, John. Our results this quarter demonstrate that even with the headwinds and external factors that we can't control such as gas prices and weather, LKQ was able to realize strong revenue and earnings growth. We believe our unique competitive position and the actions we have taken in response to challenging operating environments since our founding have translated into consistent earnings growth. We will continue to focus on other ways to improve our gross margin, build partnerships that increase the acceptance of alternative parts and identify strategic opportunities that provide results for our shareholders. Our outlook for 2012 is positive and builds upon the momentum we created during 2011. The strength of our balance sheet has provided us with the capital to finance our organic growth and make strategic acquisitions, while our competitors are shrinking their businesses in this current challenging environment. This strength, in our group of over 18,000 valuable employees, places LKQ in a solid position to execute our strategy and continue to invest in our network and inventory, both domestically and abroad. And with that, LaTonya, we are now prepared to open the call for questions and answers.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, it has been performing exceedingly well. Really, we just provided them the ability to expand -- to keep their hard plan going forward. As we mentioned, we've done 9 locations this year. We'll continue to grow that business. The market conditions there are very good. We find that the competition, while trying to get aggressive to compete with us, is really -- we're just being able to grow the business to what we expect that we could do. The collision parts side of the business that we launched on March 28, we're very pleased with that. Addition, we expect good things out of that. We had an official ceremony over there when we launched that program. But just overall, being able to bring product in, market to the -- aggressive marketing campaigns we've been doing over there, just really are going well.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, we were over there. We launched an industry forum with repairers and insurance companies in the room, very well received by everybody in the room. Of course, we estimate the AP usage at under 10% in the marketplace, so plenty of room to grow, Nate. And then just looking at the total market, we believe it's a $2 billion to $3 billion collision repair market. So really, anecdotally right now, just very well received. It's early days, but we are growing the business. Granted on very low numbers right now, but we do realize it's going to be a marathon, not a sprint there. It took years to get the United States to 37 and change and hopefully 38 next year. So we've got some certainly room to grow in the U.K., so we're excited about the opportunity.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, I would just add to that, Scott, that obviously with the aging car part that John mentioned, mechanical parts are going to have a little bit more of a shot in the arm here going forward. And as I mentioned on the last call, that our diversification away from some of that collision side of the business is helping as well. So the cooling products and those other type of products, so it is helping, obviously, the growth of the non-collision side of the business.
Robert L. Wagman: We'd be glad to. Just to retouch on what we talked about in the prepared remarks, claims volumes are down 5% to mid-teens and some of that will carry into Q2, so -- and last year, our Q2 comps were 8.4%. So likely, helped from the strong winter of 2011. So April is off to a slightly sluggish start, and we're really equating that to no backlog coming out of the Q1 mild winter. There are some good signs, though, as John mentioned, higher gas prices in Q1 seem to be abating now a little bit. We're seeing some positive news on miles driven. They're actually -- in February, they're up 1.8%. Our buying and backlog in the salvage business remains very healthy. So assuming claims come back, we're in great shape. And stock ratio on the aftermarket is at its all-time highs, so we're well positioned there. Just one last comment, certified parts programs. We saw a 300 basis point improvement in the number of certified parts from Q1 to Q2. So our manufacturers are still engaged in the business and still helping us grow the business. So hoping that some of those positive tailwinds come through, I think we're in a great position to regain the same-store sales growth.
Robert L. Wagman: Scott, I just want to add one last thing to John's comment about ECP. I think part of our strategy has always been the key strong management teams in place after an acquisition. And we certainly achieved that at ECP, and I think that is also another reason why we are meeting our goals and exceeding them slightly because the management team is so engaged.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, Craig, that was one of my concerns when we originally went to 20, and absolutely not. We are having no problem attracting it. That was the biggest hindrance to growth, was getting the right people on board. We have a human resource department that is firing on all cylinders over there and I have regularly, weekly phone calls with that team and we are meeting their staffing requirements. The leases are falling into place and that's allowing us to go to the 30. So staffing was our major concern, and we're being told no problems whatsoever in getting the proper management in the seats.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. There are 2 basic estimating systems there as opposed to 3 here in the United States. But one of them has almost a 90% market share from what we're told, and that's Solera, and we are on their estimating system. Our inventory has been mapped. We take our part number and match it to the OE part number. That has been done, and it is now available to both insurers and repairers. The other one is a company called Glassmatix. We are also in their estimating system and showing our inventory. So now repair is very similar to the United States, can see our inventory when writing an estimate.
Robert L. Wagman: We cannot. They do not -- we don't know if the shop absolutely selects our part and we don't get a notice back. The notice we get is, of course, is in the form of a sale. But we do know from insurance companies they will tell us anecdotally that they are selecting our parts, and we are starting to see some of that going forward.
Robert L. Wagman: The collision repair shops will use a fair amount of most mechanical parts as well. So we will have something there and certain cooling products as well. The mechanical repairer is going to do the radiator and condenser-type products as well. So it is an overlap with the -- some of the mechanical shops, buying some of those body shop parts but also the other way around. So there will be some overlap. There's approximately 5,000 body shops in the U.K. So it is opening up a market to some of our mechanical parts as well.
Robert L. Wagman: What we have done is we've trained a go-to-person every one of our branches to do that collision repair marketing. All the regional sales managers have been trained already and like I said, we pick up one person from each branch to be the go-to person. So we are actively doing that. And of course, from the last call, I mentioned that we hired an outside marketing director to go after the insurance company. So all the marketing efforts are in place now.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, to be clear, APU is up 100 basis points. It looks like it's going to trend that way. Really, just some of the headwinds were maybe April sluggishness. We're a little concerned when the collision market does come back. We were not sure about fuel prices where they will eventually go. But just coming off of a tough quarter with a 3.6% growth. So in order to get to the upper end, we'd have to really hit on a high end of that going forward. And it's just enough uncertainty right now in the marketplace that made us just feel comfortable bringing it down 0.5 point.
Robert L. Wagman: Bill, as I said, I think we're seeing a shift towards the independent repairer in that marketplace, a lot more comfort level there. Just a shift towards that type of marketplace when it comes to getting away from cars that are out of warranty as well. They're facing an aging car part as well, which is making people feel more comfortable with the independent repairer so I think there's some of that. I think as we mentioned on the last call -- the #1, the former #1 is reorganizing itself right now and they're probably having a little bit of turmoil there as well, so I think we're taking some market share from our competition as well.
Robert L. Wagman: That's correct, Bill. Our thought was to make sure that the insurance companies will live up to their end of the bargain where they said "if we build it, they will come". We are actually looking at salvage opportunities in the U.K. right now. Nothing has been to the point where we're ready to announce a deal, I want to be clear on that. But we are looking at opportunities. There is one major challenge that we face in the U.K., the interchange the we have here in the United States that basically maps the used part to a new part has not been fully developed in the U.K. so we have some work to do there as well. But we want to make sure the aftermarket -- the aftermarket takes off and we're hopeful it does. We certainly will be looking very closely at the salvage market.
Robert L. Wagman: Probably not. We think everything we've been reading on the topic, we just believe that they're going to find an alternative resin to keep production up. We thought we certainly would have a better chance after the tsunami or the Thailand floods and we saw no interruption there. But we're not thinking that we're going to get any kind of uptick from that. But we're watching it closely. These are brake lines and fuel tanks, lining from what I understand. Not a big market for us in the first place. But we do have that inventory should it become an issue, but we're not anticipating anything at this time.
Robert L. Wagman: It was interesting, actually. One of the biggest markets that had an uptick in miles driven was the northeast at 4.3% and that was solely because they could drive because there was no weather. So we think with fuel coming down, it looks like it is going to come down a little bit, we actually anticipate hopefully that the miles driven will continue to show positive signs. But we believe in Q1, it was clearly related to the fact there was no weather.
Robert L. Wagman: I think, Patrick, it's the pressure from the insurance companies to drive costs down. It's also the fact that I mentioned that we have 300 basis point improvement in our certified parts program, so that's certainly adding value as well. This is more parts becoming available into the marketplace. So I think it's a combination of availability of product, as well as insurance company just driving demand.
Robert L. Wagman: We feel confident that was a backlog that we have. Our backlog coming out of Q1 is as good as we've seen it in a while, so we have the inventory. We believe that demand will stay there because of the aging car part. So we're cautiously optimistic that we're well positioned to continue growth in the recycled parts of the business.
Robert L. Wagman: Actually, it's a little worse, Gary. They have some regulatory government offices that are actually looking into the fact the premiums are so high in the U.K. So they're actually probably getting some governmental pressure that we don't see here in the United States. So they absolutely are -- they need to do something and we think the timing of this thing was perfect in light of what we're seeing over there in terms of the regulatory agencies.
Robert L. Wagman: The only cross-border we have with them was in Canada. Some of these carriers write also with -- in the U.K. So I think it should be in Canada. So what we see a lot of overlap there, of course, we deal with these in Canada. So we are actually seeing some help from our Canadian friends.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, John, we have a bid card in the state of Ohio where you have to be licensed to attend the auctions. There is a move to open the auctions to the public. And that certainly could cause some pressure on auction costs. However, to your second question, there are some states that do have bid cards, but the vast majority of the auctions are open to dealers and -- pretty open. Ohio actually allows what's called bidder brokers as well. So we're actually seeing the infiltration of the non-bidders into the auction already, so I don't think we're going to see a huge change in Ohio even if that's changed, even if the law passes. But certainly, opening up the actions does make it more competitive and would likely raise prices slightly.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure, we're operating [ph] in 2 locations now, John, and we're adding hopefully 15 to 18 more by the balance of the year. We think they're fully -- and by the way, most of the concentration has been in Central and Southern England. So a lot of these branches are moving north in towards Scotland. We think that surely branches in major metropolitan areas can be 5 miles or so apart. So there's not necessarily cannibalization, it's just better service for the customers, which should allow us an uptick in revenue because customers, as John mentioned in his previous remarks, delivery time is critical in this side of the business. So we believe we'll get to roughly 120 locations by the end of this year, if all goes to plan. We want to add probably another 20 or 25 next year, which adds to about 150. And then on the last call, we talked about these ancillary locations, not full sized branches. Our average branch over there is a 10,000-square foot branch. These would be smaller offshoots in more rural areas that we can get parts to on a less -- hourly delivery basis, but still be able to service the market. That may be another 20 to 25 locations. So when this is all said and done, we'll be at about roughly 175 locations in the U.K. Cannibalization, there is a slight -- when you put one 5 miles apart from each other, we do move some of the revenue from one branch to the other. But again, because of the better service levels we can provide, we do see an uptick in the revenue pretty quickly.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, John, generally speaking, when a car is totaled by the insurance company, it could take anywhere from 45 to 70 days before the insurance company gets a probably signed off title and convert it to a salvage title. So to give you an example, an accident today wouldn't be seen in an auction till July in most cases. So we think maybe the mild winter may cause a little bit of stress on the auction pulls. We haven't seen that yet because even today, we're in April, we should be seeing total losses from February, using late January, early February. So it's -- the auctions have been very robust here. But we know the auctions are doing -- trying to get more cars through charities and other types of different sources. So we're not sure what's going to happen in the summer, but we do expect it to be off the volume coming off of a soft winter. As a result, prices may in fact increase as salvage becomes less available. However, the converse to that, of course, is the summer coming up, which is putting more used cars into the marketplace hopefully soon as we start to see an uptick. So there may be some offset there. Manheim is up. The Manheim Index is up 1.6% year-over-year. So honestly, there's still pressure in the used car market. So expect to see a competitive market in the summer with the potential lack of salvage coming out of a mild winter.
John S. Quinn: Sure. I think I mentioned in my remarks, last year, in Q1, we estimated they did about $131 million in revenue and this year, it's $160 million. So they've done a 23% increase year-over-year and that's essentially all organic, obviously including their additional stores.
John S. Quinn: Sure. The tax rate for the quarter was 36.8%, and basically we're going to be around that level for the rest of the year. We're going to anticipate right now. There may be some discrete items in the back half of the year that could move it. But we've built into our accounting just that rate.
John S. Quinn: Basically, they're operating out of one national warehouse and then a lot of smaller locations. I'm sorry, John, they tend to have a little higher distribution costs because they're -- they need to get the product out typically [indiscernible] within the hour.
John S. Quinn: Q1 is typically our best revenue order for the year. So we may actually, depending on how the seasonality comes down -- the impacts of the weather, we'll just have to see how the revenue plays out. If you look at sequentially, we were pretty pleased actually with the leverage that we got out of the business, the uptick in revenue. We're willing to drive those things down. And I don't know if I want to go into the specifics on the quarter, but I do think if you look at Q4 to Q1 this year, I think you'll see we are getting some leverage out of the business. I know that our management team has been very focused on cost control and we're starting to see some softness in the weather-related products in Q1 we really battened down the hatches there. And I think we saw some of that effect in the back half of Q1.
John S. Quinn: John, it's John Quinn speaking. They have a very, very high fulfillment rate of their base business, in the high 90s. And one of their competitive advantages, I think, is that they are known as somewhere you can get a part for -- hard-to-find parts for the cars. So year-over-year, I don't know if there's an appreciable increase in terms of their product offerings that will be driving that organic growth. We've invested a couple of million dollars in inventory on the collision parts side. I would say that has been really de minimus in terms of what it contributed to the growth thus far. As Rob mentioned, that is -- it's early days. We're going to see if we can drive the APU usage up in that country. So I think it's probably too early for us to really start giving any kind of numbers, how much that's going to contribute to the growth. It very much is early days.
