Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everybody listening to our earnings call for the first quarter of 2024. I will provide a few introductory remarks. Justin will then provide some highlights to our Q1 segment activities. Rick will provide a review of the financial details of the quarter and our guidance for the year before I have a few closing remarks. I'm turning 66 in a few days and as reported in late November, I will be retiring as CEO of LKQ on June 30th. With that, this will be my 38th and final quarterly earnings call with all of you. It has been an absolute honor and privilege to serve LKQ and to interface with the investment community since joining the company in early 2015. I am incredibly proud of the organization, my team and all we've achieved over the years. We are very different company today than the one I joined almost 10 years ago, one that is focused on operational excellence, balanced capital allocation, improved returns on capital and the development of our most important asset, our people. The first quarter of 2024 proved to be a difficult environment for our business and our results came in below expectations. While we did a reasonable job of managing the items under our control, we experienced soft overall market conditions largely due to incredibly mild winter weather in North America, which reduced demand for collision parts and the continued soft demand for our specialty products. These market factors created pressure on revenue and overall operating leverage. We have already made adjustments to our cost structure in light of the current levels of demand. Related to Europe and our business in Germany, there has been no material progress with our union negotiations in Germany. To help insulate our customers in that market, we have increased our temporary workforce to largely mitigate the revenue impact with the risk of ongoing strikes, and we've opened a second, albeit a much smaller distribution facility in Bielefeld, Germany, which is outside of Bavaria and not impacted by the union activity. Overall, we remain optimistic about the remainder of the year. Now on to the quarterly results. Revenue for the first quarter of 2024 was $3.7 billion an increase of 10.6% compared to the $3.3 billion for the first quarter of 2023. For the first quarter of this year, parts and services organic revenue decreased 0.3% on a reported basis, but increased 0.5% on a per day basis. Foreign exchange rates increased revenue by 0.8% and the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures increased revenue by 11.6% year-over-year for a total parts and services revenue increase of 12.1%. Other revenue for the first quarter of 2024 fell 14.6% primarily due to weaker precious metal prices relative to the same period in 2023. Diluted earnings per share for the first quarter of 2024 was $0.59 compared to $1.01 for the same period of 2023. Adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.82 for the first quarter of 2024 compared to $1.04 for the same period of 2023. Lastly, on April 22nd, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.30 a share of common stock payable on May 30, 2024 to stockholders of record at the close of business on May 16, 2024. And now let me turn the call over to Justin.
Nick Zarcone: Thanks, Rick, for those very kind comments. When I took the seat as CEO in 2017, I believed it was my responsibility to be the primary advocate for our greatest asset, our people, and to place them at the center of LKQ's mission. I am incredibly thankful to all my past and current colleagues who served each other in pursuit of being an employee focused organization. Collectively, we made great progress over the years, which carry forward in the first quarter, when we were awarded Mental Health America's Bell Seal for workplace mental health at the gold level. And we were again selected as a 5-star employer by Workbuzz for our U.S., Indian, Mexican and Canadian businesses. It is with tremendous pride and humility that I depart knowing that the entrepreneurial culture that was established in 1998 when the company was founded lives on today and that every day our 49,000 global employees never lose sight of the passion needed to serve our customers and our communities. They are committed to not only grow the company, but themselves as individuals. The gratitude I have from my fellow employees is immeasurable and I cannot thank them enough for creating an incredible journey for me. And with that operator, we are now ready to open the call to questions.
Nick Zarcone: And on the revenue side, Scott, all of our regions showed good organic growth, positive organic growth in the quarter, which is terrific. Particular bright spots included actually Central and Eastern Europe, where we saw some good growth. Our private label product saw excellent growth during the quarter. And all the other regions were in and around that 4% on a same day basis plus or minus a little bit. So again, it was good consistent performance across the platform.
Nick Zarcone: Yes. So I'll take a stab at that. So overall, we did lower the organic guidance due to the revenue miss that we had in Q1 related to the repairable claims. We're pleased with where the growth was in our European operations. On an organic per day basis, we're over 4% on growth. So, we're very pleased with where we're at on that. Most of the growth that we have between the 2.5% to 4.5% is the new kind of line that we put in the sand from this guide. We expect most of that to be a volume piece. There'll be minimal pricing impact, but there'll be some pricing impact, but it'll probably be overweighted on the volume piece.
Nick Zarcone: And just to be clear, our sweet spot on the closing side, we've always indicated is kind of 3 to 10 years. After 10 years, people tend not to get their cars repaired just because the overall value of the car and sometimes people lop off their collision coverage. But the parc inside that 3- to 10-year age bracket is still very strong. What we are seeing is on total losses that is shifting towards very old cars, cars north of 10 years old, which generally would end up in the collision base anyways. So we think the dynamics of the car park are trending just fine for our collision base business.
Nick Zarcone: Thanks, Justin, and thank you to everybody on the call for spending time with us here this morning to review our first quarter results. We will be back together, at least Justin, Rick and Joe will be back together with all of you on July 25th to discuss our second quarter results. And again, I'd like everyone to put Tuesday, September 10th on your calendars for the Investor Day that will be held down in Nashville. So thank you for your time, and have a great day.
Justin Jude: Yes. And just talking to, this is Justin Craig by the way. And talking to different folks in the industry, when we saw the insurance increasing 20% to 22% year-over-year, we saw deductibles increasing and so in some cases it caused folks not to necessarily repair their car. We still think the majority of our issue that we saw in Q1 from repairable claims was weather, but there's a lot of other commentary that we heard from other folks such as used car pricing, which saw huge decreases and huge increases in insurance rates. So we still think the primary driver for the repairable claims being down is weather. But when anything when we see huge swings like that with used car pricing or once again insurance rates, it has some effect on us.
Justin Jude: Yes. And Scott, like some of the markets such as the Benelux area or even in Germany, we're seeing mid teen increases in labor rates and it's a market issue. That happens immediately. The team has been actively working on pushing price out, but we're very also conscious to make sure we don't impact the market and start to lose market share. And so we'll continue to push pricing through Q2 to cover that up. We do typically pass it on. We are a humble distributor as you may have heard Nick say before, but we just saw immediate increases in labor rates and it's just taken us some time to pass those prices through to cover that.
Justin Jude: Yes. No, I mean obviously we've done some tuck in acquisitions. We've gotten those integrated pretty well. The team is doing well on getting into the LKQ family. I would say overall in North America, the mechanical is up. So we're only in aftermarket hard parts in Canada with bumper to bumper, but if you look at the major mechanical that we had through our used and our remanufactured in the U.S. and in Canada. We saw an increase in VMT and VMT typically relates to more maintenance and repairs on the mechanical side. So we saw an increase in our engines, transmissions both on the used and the reman side. So overall, the business on the major mechanical and overall mechanical is doing well in North America.
Justin Jude: Yes. Once again, overall, I mean, from the stats that we can see externally, we think it's mostly contributed to weather. I'm not sure I don't have the facts in front of me from 2017. Other things that we hear that caused some of the repairable claims being down, I mentioned such as skyrocketing insurance rates, plunges in used car pricing. We did see an uptick in ATU driven by length, I think a lot primarily by State Farm. Anytime when the carriers are looking to save money, they're going after recycled parts or aftermarket parts. And so on a year-over-year basis, Q1-to-Q1, we did see an uptick of roughly 200, I can't remember the exact number, but 260 bps improvement in APU. So market share gained on the APU side.
Justin Jude: I mean, right now, we're seeing the car part growing in North America. We're seeing that it growing in an aging, all leading to great improvements and the need for alternative parts utilization whether that's mechanical or collision, whether that's used or remanufactured. So we see great trends in the car park for North America.
Justin Jude: And Brett, I would say being in the industry for 25 years, 10 years ago insurance carriers would not typically ride aftermarket or alternative parts in the first 0 to 3 years. That has changed quite a bit in the last 10 years where we can get a product pulled up in aftermarket world relatively quickly, 6 to 9 months, and we see nearly all carriers riding current model year for aftermarket or recycled to try to drive that APU. So we don't see that as an impact to us.
Justin Jude: Yes. We haven't quantified the overall margin improvement. We know it's there. We haven't publicized it, I should say. In that, I would say when that 35% reduction, that's in lieu of us actually adding more private label. So we're going to be adding more SKUs to the mix to get more private label as Nick talked about. That is growing. We're expanding that in other countries and we still plan on reducing the net number of SKUs and with private label that typically comes at the higher margins. But the other comment you made it would be less suppliers which would create some operational efficiencies from an SG&A standpoint in the warehouses and the distribution centers as well as some margin lift with fewer suppliers.
Justin Jude: Yes. Operator, this is Justin. Just before Nick closes us out, I want to give, I guess, the investors and really all of our employees that I feel super excited about the future of LKQ. I mean, if you look at the segments for which we operate in such as North America, as I mentioned earlier, the car parc is growing, it's aging, all great things that lead to alternative parts utilization, whether that's in the collision world or in a mechanical world. We've seen inflationary cost pressure on the insurance carriers. Carriers are all trying to drive more alternative parts utilization to combat some of the losses. We see the number of parts per estimate increasing and will continue to increase. We see part pricing increasing and continue to increase. The complexity of vehicles really leads to our services business, which allows us to do things like technical repairs or calibration. We're also very excited about the Uni-Select acquisition that's going to bring us tremendous synergies. And if you jump over to Europe, it's a core segment for LKQ. We have a great management team over there, we're the market leader today with the best margins, that market is still highly fragmented which leads to an opportunity for further consolidation. The team has a clear roadmap on accelerating margin enhancement with extending the, and accelerating the integration a lot of what Rick talked about with the SKU rationalization will lead towards that. And then we're getting the Bumper to Bumper benefits on the procurement side because of scale and size that we have with our European procurement teams. And then you know then jumping down to specialty, I mean we've got the strongest leading position in that space, we're the number one leader in the distribution of RV and SEMA-related products. We've got a great management team that can manage really through all cycles and we've seen that. And so and I think looking at specialty for the month for the quarter even though we were still negative, we saw month to month as I mentioned improvements and March was actually the first month where we saw an increase year over year in demand and an increase year over year in sales. And so just in closing, I just want to reiterate that we have the market leading positions in nearly everything we do. We have long-term great trends that operate in our favor, so truly excited about the future. And with that, Nick, I'll turn it back over to you.
Rick Galloway: Yes, Gary, fair question. So when we talked about it in the closing of Q4 for the guidance for this year, we said we'd be around 17% for the year with the dilution on Uni-Select. The product offering that we have for the various products that we sell for Uni-Select, the paint products and the hard part side of the business makes a different margin profile including the base business that we had before makes a similar margin as far as that paint side of the business goes. So with the increase in revenues that's one component. We thought we'd be down around 17% for the year. We still think we'll be at around 17% for the year. The major contributing factor for being below 17% for Q1 is primarily related to leverage. With the volume decline that we saw, significant volume on the repairable claims, we said about 8% on repairable claims and our overall volume is down a little over 3%. That's mostly a leverage component. And as we said, the team has really put some strong efforts in to work on the integration consolidation of various Uni-Select integrations, 65 different facilities that we consolidated. So some of that extra cost, little duplicate cost that will go away as we go into the rest of the year. And that's where we have that confidence of bouncing back and getting back to that 17% number that we've been talking about.
Rick Galloway: Yes, most of that is mix. The other component that we have that we've been talking about for about 12 months, maybe 18 months is the salvage margin. So, what we talked about was there would be this squeeze in the salvage margin. So, as we thought about where we were at last year, which is about 20.5% of EBITDA, most of that gross margin piece that we see on the decline is that salvage margin squeeze. And so, what we don't do is we don't talk about it being revenue versus the cost side because everything is so unique in that industry. So we've been seeing that squeeze. It started happening in Q3 of last year and it continued in Q4 and then again in Q1 as expected. Those items are as expected what we've been kind of communicating externally to everyone.
Rick Galloway: So let me just go high level and then I'll turn it over to you, Justin. I know you've been spending a lot of time out there. So, Scott, appreciate the question. If you think year-over-year, the biggest impact that we had on overall EBITDA margins is really the inflationary impact of wages. So that happened throughout the year, but primarily starting in Q2. So it'll sort of calendarize as we start getting into Q2. There's roughly 200 basis points down that you have on overall wage inflationary increase. What the team has been able to do was improve on pricing and productivity initiatives to call back roughly half of that. And so, we're on a trajectory that we're pretty pleased with. Of course, we'd always like to have a little bit more, but the overall margins that we had, the 8.7% in Q1, reflects that really low year-over-year impact on the wage increases. And Justin, I don't know if you want to talk a little bit more about the various different regions.
Rick Galloway: Yes, Brett. We expect to be 17% for the year, not a run rate. So we'll catch up that we believe we'll catch that up and be around that 17% that we talked about 60 days ago or so.
Rick Galloway: No, we don't see that part as a headwind for organic growth. I mean the complexity of the vehicles, the value of the parts and the number of parts work to offset some of that, Bret. So we don't see that as a negative trend for us at all going further out.
Rick Galloway: And Bret, I mean this is kind of the catalyst, one of the bigger projects that we've got over in Europe. This is one of the things that will help us significantly when we think about logistics without borders. So as far as the opportunity here, we think the opportunity one of the reasons we're highlighting it is we think the opportunity going forward over the next couple of years, this is a really major contributing factor for us that we'll talk about a little bit more in September 10th when we do our Investor Day. Andy will kind of lay it out in a little bit more detail on there.
