Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, Nick. Looking at the remainder of the last quarter of 2015 and preparing for 2016, our outlook continues to be optimistic. We're laser-focused on our mission statement of being the leading global value-added distributor of vehicle parts and accessories by offering our customers the most comprehensive available and cost-effective selection of parts solutions, while building strong partnerships with our employees and the communities in which we operate. In North America, I am encouraged by the trends in miles driven, the continued growth in the average number of parts per claim, the increase in the per unit share of APU, the increased costs of repairs pushing carriers to seek alternative parts to lower their costs and the consistent pipeline of acquisition opportunities we're witnessing across all of our business lines. In Europe, the macro trends are also attractive. In the UK, new car registrations are annualizing at the highest level since 2005 with vehicle miles through June at the highest rolling annual total ever. Europe, as a whole, in 2014 witnessed its first registration increase since 2007, a positive long-term trend for the types of aftermarket mechanical and service parts we offer in this segment. In Specialty, the size of the SEMA market is material and fragmented, a cornerstone to our business model and founding strategy. We continue to identify deals within Specialty that, through acquisition, create tremendous synergies and scale within our existing network. And, in closing, I want to thank our over 31,000 team members who daily endeavor to drive organic sales, promote the use of alternative parts and implement operational efficiencies to enhance the productivity of our organization and enhance the experience of our customers, which, ultimately, will reward our stockholders now and over the long-term. And, with that, Devon, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. Certainly, Nate, we're at the tail end. This year – so the end of Q4, we'll be over 200 locations. And we've always said the right number is 225. So we're certainly at the tail end. Obviously, the new park introductions are going to be huge for us. We plan on bringing reman parts into the marketplace, recycled parts as well. So there's a lot of opportunity to bring the products we have here in the U.S. over to the UK. So we do think the overall market conditions are good. On top of some of the tailwinds you mentioned, the strong surge in SAAR rate that we're seeing here in the U.S. is also occurring in the UK and on the continent. And we know when those cars come out of warranty they're going to be a real driver of the business. The average age of the car part in the UK is 7.8 years old, but it's expanding. And on the continent, it's 8.6 years old and expanding. So we think as these cars get older, it's going to provide a nice tailwind. The other thing that I do want to talk about really, what we've really been focusing on this last quarter is the focus on the gross margin there at ECP, as you saw in the numbers. So while initially a headwind in terms of really driving down our selling cost, our selling prices to the customers, we are going to see we believe a consistent effort to grow our top-line as well on top of that as well as the gross margin. So I think with all the macro drivers and some of the stuff we're doing internally, we're in good shape there.
Robert L. Wagman: >: Yeah. Let me talk about the four different areas that we're focusing on, Nate. First, routing software. We are launching our first routing software initiative next week in Florida. So that's our first shot at that. The purchasing area that we've been focusing on, we've got a lot of RFQs out in the marketplace today. So those will start coming in pretty soon. The sales changes I talked about in Florida are going well. And we do plan on expanding those. The last one on our list was the dismantling centers. We are bringing some Six Sigma black belts on to the payroll to work on getting those implemented. It just really is too early to talk about what the net gain is going to be, although initially we've been very pleased with what we think we're going to be able to attain here. But it really just is too early to monetize what the net effect is going to be.
Robert L. Wagman: We're starting to see the benefits of that, Jamie, for sure, buying the better car. Obviously, as the car park gets a little younger, we're buying about a half a model year better for the same price. And I think what's really impacting our cost at auctions, quite frankly, is the strong dollar is keeping a lot of the exporters out. And, of course, scrap is bringing it down as well. But that's a strategic initiative we're moving forward. And we're very pleased with the results. We're actually getting more dollars per car than we did with the older car.
Robert L. Wagman: Absolutely, yeah. That would certainly be a positive. But it's basically we're flat. We're down 1.4% year-over-year. And I think we'll be in that same range of about the same number of cars here going forward. We did have a healthy backlog coming out of Q1 and Q2, which did allow us to buy a little bit less in Q3.
Robert L. Wagman: I think it is correct. We will be able to service our branches much better. And with the excess capacity, we'll have deeper inventories as well. So I think we can buy better as well. Hopefully, we'll be able to buy bulk, much larger and be able to service our branches and our hubs much quicker with that facility. It's going to be fully automated – a good portion of it's going to be automated that will allow us to be real efficient in terms of space and everything else. So a real positive and I think it's going to really allow us to get a lot more efficient on both the sales and service side of the business.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure, Tony. Obviously, we have 17 carriers in the UK that we're going to use them as our launching pad as we get to the continent. Many of those right also in the continent, so from the UK, so we have those relationships already built. In terms of the product, it's the same vendors we're using in the UK, so that won't be difficult. It's really just getting – our first process was to flip from three step to two step. And now that we're virtually done with that, now we can control that last mile of distribution. So it's really going to be working with the insurance companies on the continent to show them our results that we've had in the UK. In terms of the market opportunity, the OEs have about a 93% market share on the continent, so lots of opportunity. We've been very successful in the UK, as we mentioned in my script, 34% growth year-over-year. And the numbers are getting larger and larger obviously as we continue to grow that side of the business. So we think there's a sizable opportunity, once we get the products launched in the Holland (45:06) market.
Robert L. Wagman: I think that's fair. And it's actually interesting. I think as we get deeper and deeper, it actually gets easier. There won't be a pushback. The initial pushback comes at the beginning, getting people to switch and trust the ability for us to service the customer. Once that's accomplished, I think, it gets so much easier, actually.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah. I'll take the question about the demand and I'll let Nick talk about the scrap. The demand, our admissions have never been higher actually at our facilities. The average model year car in the United States is 11.4 model years old. So the demand is very strong. That's not an issue whatsoever. What we're seeing a little bit is scrap prices have dropped. Some of the people that we procure the product from, the tow yards, the municipalities, et cetera, some of these people are hoarding the inventory until scrap comes up. So it's a little more difficult to purchase our products, but the demand is as high as it's ever been.
Robert L. Wagman: And just to put some color on that, Tony. Our average price at a self-serve location is down $103 per car year-over-year. So, we've taken a lot of cost out of the purchase. And the full service is down $18 year-over-year. But, again, I think that's a little misleading because we are buying a better car. So I think we're actually doing much better than the $18 shows.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah, Ben. There are sizable competitors in the marketplace still. Remember, we operate in the entire SEMA market which is well over $34 billion. We're only operating in the $5.6 billion part of that segment. So lots of competitors out there still and a lots of opportunities to keep growing the business. And that pipeline in our industry – that acquisition pipeline is very active actually, that side of the business.
Robert L. Wagman: I think it is. I think with just some of the macro trends, they're benefiting from miles driven increasing. The new car park, as we just mentioned, as I said earlier, once that car ages three years, gets out of the warranty side of the business, we expect our business to be very strong there, so, on that side. The collision is still doing very well. I think our paint business is dragging down the organic. It was never going to grow at the size of the parts business. So that's kind of bringing in the number a little bit. But I do feel pretty confident that strong single-digits, low double-digits are going to be achievable with the macro trends we're facing.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah. Two things on the Netherlands, Bill, that are probably worth noting. We had a really strong Q2. It was a very mild spring on the continent. And we believe a lot of that repair work may have been pushed from Q3 into Q2. And the other thing that we're doing is obviously with the heavy acquisitions we're doing from three-step to two-step, there's a lot of revenue moving as we acquire new businesses we're cannibalizing from other locations. So it may be shifting from an older location that was comping to a newer location that we didn't get the benefit of the organic growth. So we do think that's going to start to level out again and will be back to where we think we should be, which is mid single-digits of organic growth.
Robert L. Wagman: In the U.S., we get quarterly updates, but it's really moving. But it's in that 36% to 37% range. And in the UK, we're closer to 9% plus. The last figure we got from Solaire (53:21) at the time. Up from 7%, we got in the business, Bret, in 2012.
Robert L. Wagman: We do play in that performance side of the business, Bret. That is one of the segments we are in. We certainly would look at anything that we could obviously lever. They do have – both of those companies have a strong e-commerce presence, which is attractive to us. But at this point, we're just looking at all of the opportunities. And since they are in that segment, we certainly would be interested in that business.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. Jason, on State Farm, the bumpers, the ones that they are writing in the aftermarket were up 16.6% year-over-year, so really impressive growth. We now have 467 certified parts available just in the bumper line, so very pleased with that. We talk to State Farm all the time, nothing more than that. On Australia, we keep moving forward with the partnership there. And it's a slow, steady race, but growing our top-line very nicely and expect to do a little bit more here in the coming quarters in terms of potential acquisitions and more product entry.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah. It's a competitive marketplace. We're now in a position to really control that last mile of distribution. So we do still have some wholesale customers as well. So we're kind of playing in both of the markets. The car park is growing there. And it presents a great opportunity. We think that our small entry into France – we have three locations in France – provides another opportunity to keep growing the business. So we think it's a great opportunity to really grow the business in all segments of the markets we operate, the Benelux, as well as the France markets as well.
Robert L. Wagman: We certainly believe that now that we're pretty much where we need to be in terms of the three-step to two-step, we're in a great position because our inventory is strong. We can leverage not only our existing inventory in the Netherlands, but we have backup in the UK as well. So we think we're in a great position.
Robert L. Wagman: Yeah. Remember the Coast business and our accessory business really isn't tied to collisions. It's more tied to the upgrading of the vehicle or accessorizing of the vehicle. So it's really tied to the SAAR rate. As new car sales and new RV sales continue, people are more likely to accessorize their vehicle at time of purchase. So we think we're in a great position on all side of the accessory business because of that strong SAAR rate. People are going to do this, most likely upgrade their vehicle at the time of purchase. The other thing that's attractive about that is the dealerships often finance those type of upgrades. So they roll right into the notes. So we're pretty optimistic. As long as the SAAR rates stay strong, we've got a nice tailwind there.
Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, Devon. Thank you, everyone, for your time this morning. And we look forward to speaking with you in February when we report our fourth quarter and full year 2015 results. Have a great day.
Dominick P. Zarcone: You're right, Jamie. There was a bit of a pressure on margins over Europe in Q4 of last year. We think most of that is behind us. Again, we showed solid improvement during Q3. We do anticipate that the margins in Q4 should be a little bit better than last year. But it is a seasonal business, much more than here in the U.S. So it's important to keep that in mind. So we do anticipate that the margins will creep down in Q4 relative to where they are right now.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Thanks, Craig. There's no doubt that we have benefited on the working capital side. Again, the $491 million of free cash or operating cash flow, if you will, for the first nine months reflects strong earnings, basically $432 million, but then a net decrease in working capital. I don't believe that we're going to be able to run the business for the next several years continuing to reduce the amount of working capital. Again, some of that has to do with the fact that Q4 of last year at year-end – again, we really bulked up the inventory in anticipation that there could be some issues at the ports during the first quarter and second quarter. And so our inventory balances are actually coming down from the end of last year. Again, we had some increase in payables as well, which helped matters. So we took the guidance for the year up just reflecting the fact that we're well ahead of where we anticipated we would be. But, again, I think, for modeling purposes, folks should assume that, on an ongoing basis, we're going to need to increase working capital pretty much in line with our revenue growth.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Probably not. I mean, we keep in constant dialogue with both Moody's and Standard & Poor's. We think we've got a great relationship there. At the end of the day, it's going to take a little bit more than just an uptick in free cash flow, if you will, I think, to get us to investment grade land.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yep. And on the scrap, self-service has roughly a 90-day, maybe 120-day time between where the cars – we purchase the cars. They are then fed into our facilities and then ultimately head to the crusher. So, on the full service side, obviously, that's a much longer duration. But three months to four months we basically turn the inventory on the self-serve side. So, in theory, as prices begin to head in a northward direction as opposed to a southward direction, we should get benefit there as well. It all has to do with the price that we paid for the car and the underlying value that we're getting from the scrap. And we've actually been able to buy pretty effectively. We're bringing our purchase price for the cars down as scrap prices has fallen. But, again, there is always that lag there. And that lag will be there on the way up as well.
Dominick P. Zarcone: No. I mean, the FX goes along with where the currencies are swinging and the like. So we would never kind of plan on that being a recurring item.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Again, if FX rates stay where they are today, again, probably a little bit less than $0.005, on the scrap side, figure $0.02 relative to last year. I mean we continue to chunk down. And the scrap prices really didn't start to come in meaningfully until early Q1 of this year. So we won't get the real benefit.
Dominick P. Zarcone: You should assume for the year that we'll be at the 34.75%. That's our best estimate at this point in time.
