Dominick P. Zarcone: Thanks, Michael. With respect to our guidance for 2017, we've made some updates based on where we are sitting at the halfway mark of the year. Organic growth for parts and services has been narrowed to 4% at the low end and 5.25% on the high end, reflective of the fact that we're sitting at 4.1% for the first six months. Likewise, we have narrowed the range for our adjusted diluted earnings per share from $1.84 at the low end to $1.92 on the high end, increasing the midpoint to $1.88 per share. The corresponding adjusted income from continuing operations is $570 million to $595 million, while cash flow from operations has been revised up to $620 million to $650 million. Capital spending has remained constant at the $200 million to $225 million range. The updated guidance reflects an effective tax rate of 35.15% and exchange rates in the back half of the year of $1.30 for the pound sterling, $1.15 for the euro and scrap at $150 per ton. As it relates to our effort to bring on a new Chief Financial Officer, the response to our search process was terrific and we have had the opportunity to meet with some incredibly talented professionals over the past few months. Whittling down the talent has been hard, but we are in the final phase of the process, and I expect we will have a final decision in the near future. In summary, Q2 was a solid all-around quarter accentuated by an uptick in organic growth across all of our segments. The overall results reflect the collective efforts of our more than 40,000 employees around the globe, who are working hard to serve our customers each and every day. I would like to thank each of them for their dedication. Finally, I would like to thank Rob Wagman for his efforts during his 19 years at LKQ. As you know, Rob stepped down on June 1, and is now serving as Executive Advisor with a focus on corporate development activities. Rob's contributions during his tenure were countless, and I look forward to his continued insights as we move forward. And operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Sure. So, a couple of questions you got built in there, Jamie. But all-in-all, we are expecting that the car park and the age of the car park will be a gentle tailwind as we move forward. In our standard information that we provide the investment community, our standard investor relations deck, we include a slide, as you know, that is what we call our collision sweet spot of 3 to 10 years. And for the first time in many years, the number of cars that fall into that age bracket in 2017 is actually ticking up a little bit. Now, it's not significant, so we don't anticipate any major movements here in 2017, but at least it's movement in the right direction, I believe, from about 101 million units to 103 million units. Then we get another more substantial uptick in 2018 and 2019. So, there is no doubt that we've sold the better part of 52 million vehicles in this country over the – new vehicles over the last three years, as those vehicles begin to come in to our 3- to 10-year sweet spot, there will be more cars that will need the types of parts that we sell. We do the best we can to track the vintage of parts that we're selling. We haven't seen a material shift, if you will, thus far. But again, we do believe that as the number of cars in a sweet spot grow that that will be a gentle tailwind to our business.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. So, with respect to the European organic, again, the business there is differently because we are adding branches, they get closer to the customer base. You have to remember that in the European business, we need to be within 30 to 60 minutes of delivery time between our branches and the customers in order to fulfill their expectations. Part of the way we do that is to add new branch operations to get close to the customer base. That's how we grow actually our market share, if you will. So, some of the growth in Europe comes from, what I'll call, the organic growth of the more mature branches. Some of the growth comes from having just more dots on the map, right. And so Rhiag – and this is all same day, to make it simple and take the calendar out of the mix, right? Rhiag was just north of 10%, on a same-day organic basis. About 55% to 60% of that was the contributions for what we would call the more mature stores. And then the balance of it was the impact of those 40 new branches that we've added in Eastern Europe over the last 12 months. If you move back to the ECP, where organic growth was just shy of 6% on a same-day basis, about 85% of that came from the stores that we've had for more than a year and about 0.9% of growth came from those seven new stores that we added over the last 12 months. The car park in Europe, it's aging a little bit as well, but it's – you've got a couple different car parks in Europe right. You have Eastern Europe where the average age of a car is still 9.5, maybe 9.6 years old and then you've got Eastern Europe where the average age of car is over 14.5 years old. So there's some very different dynamics based on the geography. But the car park is continuing to grow. It's growing faster in Eastern Europe than it is in Western Europe. That's said, in 2016, the number of auto registrations in the UK hit an all-time high. So, there is a good backdrop for our businesses as we continue to move forward.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Actually, no real shift, Michael, in our, kind of, if you want to think, product line revenue or growth. I mean, the reality is the core collision product, think about Keystone (41:43) in a box, if you will, the core aftermarket product grew higher than the 2.8% total. Our salvage mechanical parts, engines, transmissions and some of the other big mechanical pieces, right, they were above the 2.8% as well. Again, as has been the case now for several quarters, we do have some product lines that are soft. We talked about this in the past. Aluminum wheels, paint, cooling continue to be soft. But again, there has been no major shift in kind of the relative contribution of salvage versus aftermarket or mechanical versus collision.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. And again, the fact that our organic was at 2.8% and total repairable claims are only up 1.7%, that gives us confidence that we are continuing to, at a minimum, hold our own and likely gaining share...
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. Well, so last year, in 2016, Andrew Page hit us for about $0.02 a share. As we've indicated this year, we think it's going to hit us for $0.03 a share. It's going to take some time. Once we get our – the ability to truly mange Andrew Page, it's not going to be an overnight flip, but ultimately we will be able to rationalize the way we believe all those losses and ultimately get it into a profitable situation. And so, yeah, I'd call, $0.02 to $0.03 of incremental value potentially next year.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Correct. Now, we anticipate we're going to be able to get it into profitability. But again, that doesn't happen overnight, Michael.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. So, the key is going to be, we're – we continue to be optimistic, we continue to feel strongly in our perspectives. At the end of the day, it's how many of the branches that we've acquired are we going to be able to keep.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Probably not, because the competitors on the street corner are still the same competitors on the street corner. They're just owned by somebody else.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. So, just as we did in the Netherlands, where we brought some of the larger distributors that we were selling to, we brought some of our larger customers, the flip from three-step to two-step, that's really what the acquisition of the four businesses in Belgium were all about. They have a good market share and that will allow us basically to get to the last mile for the garage which is what – we were missing that.
Dominick P. Zarcone: But over the next year, just like over the last year, as we've integrated the Netherlands tuck-in acquisitions, over a year, you begin to move it a little bit and, ultimately, it'll look like the one big seamless enterprise in Belgium.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. So, again, we haven't bumped up against the big French companies in acquisitions kind of head-to-head, so I can't comment directly as to whether they're being rational or not. They're good companies, they're solid companies, they've got good capital structures, right. Whether they decide to sell is going to be up to their private equity owners. With respect to some of the other countries, Germany, Spain, if you will, we believe that given our presence in the marketplace, we will have an opportunity to at least look at those businesses if and when they come to market. And we think that with our base of operations, we have as much, if not more, ability to create synergies than anyone else in Europe. But we have to wait. Again, we can't force somebody to come to market.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. So, the collision business, relative to the ECP is still relatively small, right? It's running somewhere on the order of £50 million, £60 million. But it's growing nicely. Collision in the UK, I think, was up about 10% in Q2 over Q2 of last year. So, still outperformance from a growth perspective. The key there is, ultimately, the insurance companies in Europe are no different than the insurance companies in the U.S. And they've got the same pressure to try and get claims costs down. And part of the way they do that is through parts, and part of the way they do that is through cycle time. I mean, we have, as you know, ongoing pilots and programs with 18 of the larger insurance companies over in the UK, and a couple of them have told us that, as a result of our ability to get them parts and get them parts quickly, they're seeing their cycle times begin to move down. So, we think that, ultimately, that bodes well for our ability to create an ever meaningful business in collision parts over – not just in the UK where we are today, but ultimately to bring that on to Continent as well.
Dominick P. Zarcone: We don't disclose that, Bret. But if you backed into kind of what Coast was almost exclusively RV, and Stag was exclusively RV. So, you're – probably a little bit north of a third.
Dominick P. Zarcone: We don't comment on any particular customer and the like, because of agreements that we have with some of our customers, at all. But the reality is, is we're always looking to expand our distribution of parts. I think there is a lot of folks in the marketplace who recognize the power that we have as being the largest distributor of collision-related parts in North America and that there is opportunities for them to leverage our distribution background.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Craig, this is Nick. Good morning. As we've stated now going back to the mid 2015, right, we are incurring costs at T2 even though – well, at least up until last Tuesday hadn't shipped a single product out of the facility because we've been paying rent and we're paying utilities, we're staffing up with labor and the like. And in the meantime, we're keeping the other two facilities that will ultimately get shut down, they're running full bore. So we're still paying the rents and the utilities and the labor and everything else there. Ultimately, once we know that T2 is operating exactly as it needs to be and there is little to no risk of any fulfillment issues as it relates to keeping our 200 plus branches stock full on a daily basis, we will shut down two of other facilities. And so, we will save the rent and the labor and the like. We quantified that the impact of T2 was $0.03 last year, another $0.02 this year, so $0.05 in total. We won't begin to rationalize the other two facilities until 2018. So, we won't get the entire nickel back next year, but we will get, we believe, some good portion of that back. And then by 2019, there should be the rest of the positive benefits.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Probably, we can go both ways. I mean if you think about what we've done with Rhiag, okay, we bought a really big business, and yet we've added more than 40 additional branches, which is a program that we brought to the table more than what they were doing on their own. I always believe that it's not just what you buy that's important, but what you do with what you buy, that's really important, and the ability to add branches is critical. We can go into some of those other locations and try and greenfield, if you will, and just add branches. Part of it is, though – creating a presence is hard and that would be a long road. So, it'd probably be a combination, Craig, of both acquired entities to get a base and then to continue to build the branch network, which we can do on our own once we have a base.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. So, if you take a look at – we narrowed the range based on where we are. The reality is, at the low end of the range, at 4%, if North American organic isn't around where it was in Q2, that will cover us for the low-end. At the high end, North American organic would probably need to move close to 4% in the back half of the year. So, longer looking, we would anticipate that North American organic, obviously, would continue to move up, particularly if we get any sort of normal winter weather pattern in 2018.
Dominick P. Zarcone: On a same-day basis, we think that Q2 kind of serves as a baseline. We're cognizant of the fact that as we move though the back half of the year, we get slightly easier comps, because as you recall, the organic growth comps in the back half last year were still coming in. So, I would say, a baseline that's slightly moving north in the back half of the year from a North American organic perspective.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. So, the Northeast and the kind of the Midwest, which are kind of key winter states, continue to be a little bit behind the curve on a relative basis to the overall LKQ footprint as a central region, and the West continue to be a bit stronger. Again, people got to remember, this is a big country. And what happens in the Northeast could be completely different than what's going on in the Southwest, right. And from a cadence perspective, we don't disclose results, Ben, as you know, but we're comfortable with where we're headed into Q3.
Dominick P. Zarcone: The reality is, is we're going to pay off or continue to pay down our debt, because we generate a lot of cash. And it's not a question of waiting to do an acquisition to get our – because we want to get our leverage down, it's really waiting for those acquisitions to come to market. We don't control the timing there.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah. So, the reality is we're trying to continue to grow and optimize all of our businesses, whether it's on the salvage side or on the aftermarket side. Again, the core products on the collision space are actually performing quite well. As Michael indicated in his comments, the margins – gross margins in aftermarket were down just a tad. And part of that, quite frankly, has to do with – bigger customers get bigger discounts, and as the MSOs continue to get larger and larger and create a bigger piece of the pie, that's actually good for us, because they use a lot of the parts that we sell. On the operating side, again, we're trying to do the best we can to optimize our overall cost and whether it's things like the procurement initiatives, which were largely through Roadnet, which is – as I indicated in my comments, we think will continue to add benefits. Again Roadnet, it's not salvage versus aftermarket, it's our total parts, North America, but we will be able to get leverage there.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Yeah, the ECP question, Samik, is really going to depend on where we end up with Andrew Page and how many of those 106 branches that we've acquired we'll be able to keep, because assuming if we are able to keep most, all those, the need then to add incremental branches to be able to get closer to the customers goes down a bit. In Eastern Europe, where we've added those (1:02:55) branches over the last 12 months, we are in the early days there. That's a market where the car park is growing, the age of the cars is really old and so we sell – the demand for the types of parts we sell is really high. The organic growth there, we think, is going to be good for years to come and there's the ability to add, call it, 10 to 12 branches a quarter for a long time.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call. We do appreciate the time that you spent with us. Hopefully, this was helpful to everybody, and we look forward to chatting again in about 90 days. Have a great day.
