Tom Werner: Thanks, Bernadette. Let me sum it up by saying we're confident in our strategies and business momentum. And as a result, we've significantly increased our financial targets for the year. And we're also confident about the health and prospects of the category. And we believe that our capacity expansion and infrastructure investments will have us well positioned to support sustainable, profitable growth and create value for our shareholders over the long-term.  Once again, I want to thank the entire Lamb Weston team for our success this quarter and their ongoing commitment to meet the needs of our customers.  Thank you for joining our call today, and now we're ready to take your questions.
Tom Werner: Yeah, Tom. So this is Tom. The team in Lamb Weston/Meijer soon to be Lamb Weston has made terrific progress. Marc Schroeder leads that business, and the business has turned the corner. They've implemented a number of actions to stabilize the earnings of that business as we expected. They're showing great progress. And the run-rates are trending positively, and we expect that to continue for the back half of the year. And as we close that transaction, as we stated, we expect that to happen in Q4 to get through all the reviews and regulatory process. We'll provide some more color on that once the transaction is closed in the coming quarters.
Tom Werner: Yeah. So the year-over-year this year, it's not as pronounced as it was last year because of the quality of the crop last year and yields. We got out ahead of it, the ag team in Lamb Weston has done a terrific job sourcing potatoes to meet our needs. They're still high cost. You got to freight them across the country and you have some quality issues when you're trucking that far. But it's not as pronounced as it was last year. And all those costs are reflected in our outlook for the remainder of this fiscal year.  And good news, bad news is we had some experience last year, so we were able to rally quickly, and we understand how that all is going to impact the business. But again, that's all forecasted in our outlook. So we're doing everything we can to meet our customer demand, and that's the most important thing.
Tom Werner: Yeah, Adam, overall, I feel really strong about the health of the category. And we've purposely had to make choices across our segments to support our customer base, and we've really focused on product/mix management across the portfolio and the customers. So the QSR segment continues to be really healthy.  As we stated in our prepared remarks, the fast casual, casual dining is experiencing some weaker traffic. Although it's improving versus where it was in the first quarter, but we're also making choices and in terms of customer and supporting customers based on product mix and our capacity. And there are still challenges within our network to produce and get back to the levels where we were pre-pandemic. And the team, the supply chain team is working on that. And it's going to take us the balance of this year to continue to focus on things to improve that.  So the category is healthy. And yes, our volume is a little soft in some areas. That's traffic driven. But over the long-term, when I look at the category and think about the next two, three, five years, and the investments we're making, we're going to be well positioned in a couple of years to bring on capacity and drive opportunities that right now we're making choices that we don't necessarily like we got to support our key customers going forward.
Tom Werner: Yeah, Adam, so I know the team is working on getting to pre-pandemic levels, but the reality is the choices and the mix that we're now producing really oversimplifying it, we have to slow lines down when we're making coated product. So we can't run as fast. And so, there is some capacity disadvantages to running premium products. That's just a fact. However, I think the mix of the portfolio bodes well going forward for the profitability of the company.
Tom Werner: Yes. I expect next year's crop to be normalized and then yields good and all the things that we're historically used to. And in terms of is that going to provide margin expansion? No, it won't. Materially, it won't. We're going to have inflation in our commodity costs next year. Again, I believe based on how the commodity markets are shaping up. And as I stated in the prepared remarks, where the potato crop negotiations, we settled with Pacific Northwest, you're going to be up 20% next year.  And you stack that up over two years, that's a big lift. And it's going to be another difficult year, and we'll continue to adjust our thinking on pricing that through the market going forward, but it's not going to be material margin impact year-over-year just based on sourcing out of the East Coast.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah. Thanks, Tom. This is Bernadette. We don't expect the absolute rate to increase. We will, though, however, continue to see that double-digit inflation for the remainder of the year. And as you said, that's reflecting the higher cost for potatoes and then other key inputs for edible oils, labor and ingredients. So absolutely expect that double-digit cost increase to continue but not increase.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah. No, thank you. We do expect to see an increase. But as you said, it will not be as pronounced in the third quarter as we've historically seen. And then there will be a step down in fourth quarter, but again, not as pronounced as what we've historically seen.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah. No, thank you for that question. And as it relates to the gross margin going forward, LTOs, there isn't anything unusual that we would have experienced this quarter relative to prior quarters or going forward. Really, what you're seeing is that we were able to pull forward a lot of the pricing actions in Global earlier than expected. And then we're going to be lapping some of the Foodservice and Retail price increases in the back half of the year. So there'll be more of a muted effect related to that.  So a combination of the higher potato costs, the inflation and then the deceleration of that price/mix growth, that's what you're going to see have an effect on those margins in the back half of the year.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah. We were able to go out and have conversations with our customers and pull more of that forward than had been anticipated, more than what we would have typically seen with our contract renewals. So we expect that the global pricing will remain strong in the back half. It's just we've been able to pull that forward earlier than expected.
Bernadette Madarieta: No, I can't really speak to that. I'd say, overall, we've got probably about 25% that we'll need to continue to renegotiate. 
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah. And just to add to that, Tom, in addition to the softness that we have in the casual dining. More of that softness though is just related to the supply chain constraints that we've been experiencing. But overall, absolutely, our demand has returned to the pre-pandemic levels on a run-rate basis prior to what we saw with war in Ukraine.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah. No, we're excited about increasing the dividend based on our performance. As we think about capital allocation, we have not changed our priorities in terms of investing in the business for the long term. M&A, if there's M&A that's available and then we will reward our shareholders as well. But certainly, we're going to invest in the business first.
Bernadette Madarieta: It does remain in that range. And as we've said before, we're doing that because we want to make sure that we have enough financial firepower for M&A or other items that may come up.
