Tom Werner: Thanks, Rob. Let me quickly sum up by saying, our strong financial results in the quarter and in the first half of the year provided a strong foundation to raise our financial targets for the full-year. We demonstrated our commitment to our capital allocation priorities through investment in growth, in our base business and strategic acquisitions, continued support of a competitive dividend and the adoption of an opportunistic share buyback program. I'm confident that we remain well-positioned to continue to create value for all our stakeholders. I want to thank you for your interest in Lamb Weston and we're now happy to take your questions.
Tom Werner: Yes. Andrew, I – it's still early with respect to how the difficulty with the European crop is going to play out, and I will tell you right now, I anticipate in the next couple of months that it's going to start to really – from an industry perspective, in a couple of months it's going to start moving around in terms of the overall crop availability in Europe. We haven't seen anything right now that indicates there is going to be some big movement in volume in terms of European availability versus U.S. support. We've taken actions within our business to help support our Lamb Weston/Meijer joint venture with some material volume that we moved to the U.S. My experience with this kind of situation in the past is it takes time, and I think in the next couple of months, we'll start seeing some impact of volume movement with customers, but it's always – the interesting thing in these situations, it always comes down to like the fourth quarter of a football game where the customers will realize that the impact and the availability of volume, they won’t have an idea until the end of the crop year. So, it's going to take a couple more months to play out. I think we're going to have opportunities that are going to come our way, but it's going to be one-offs as this situation plays out.
Tom Werner: Yes, Andrew, it's a mixed bag. Right now, I think the last two, three quarters, the data we look at, the QSRs that have -- the traffic’s been up, check’s been up, so that's a great trend. You go down the line and you look at the fast-casual mid-scale, they are still down, but they're not down as pronounced as they have been. So, we see it in our numbers, obviously, we’ve got a broad customer mix within our portfolio. But right now, in the past two, three quarters, the QSRs, it's been pretty positive overall, and we can see it in our trends, our numbers, and obviously our quarterly report today, you’ll see it in our global business unit, volume has been up. So, we are watching it closely, there is a lot of mixed indicators, but right now, everything looks positive for us.
Tom Werner: Chris, it’s Tom. I'm not going to get into specifics obviously, but certainly I think the fragmented market in Europe, I believe there is great opportunity there. The cycle we're in right now with Europe, we've been through before, and what I will say is, we're continually active in terms of M&A, but right now, I'm not going to comment on how things are playing out.
Tom Werner: Yes, Bryan, I think, I'm super optimistic with our Retail business and we've had great traction with Grown in Idaho, no question about it. Our strategy, the 3-tier approach to remind everybody with Alexia the premium brand, we do a lot of private label for a lot of customers and we have our license brands that have a lot of momentum right now and Grown in Idaho has been – it's well ahead of our expectations at this particular point and we have opportunity with Grown in Idaho to get more distribution with some large customers. So, we've got a lot of traction, we've certainly had the benefit of misstep by one of our competitors, but the team has done a great job supporting our brands, our private label, our license brands in the market. We've got a lot of momentum and I think we've got plans to continue to support that business in the media and drive Grown in Idaho distribution. So, I feel good about where it's at. We certainly have opportunities and we got a lot of momentum. So, I'm excited about what the next year holds for that.
Tom Werner: Adam, the crops is right at historical averages, yield is good, recovery is good, storage is good. So, right down the middle of the fairway on the crop for this – the balance of the rest of the year.
Tom Werner: Yes. So, we're on the front-end of the ERP project transformation. It's – these things always take some time, obviously everybody understands that. So, our projection right now is over the next couple of years, we'll start rolling on that and implementing it in terms of how we're going to do that organizationally, we're still working through that on the front-end of our planning.
Rob McNutt: Yes, Chris. This is Rob. Just to clarify, we will still see price increases in the Global business that are built into the contract. They just aren't as strong as what we saw last year in the third quarter. So, they're still up. And again, as I mentioned in my comments that, we are seeing inflation and especially transportation, warehousing continues to push on the inflation side, that is going to put pressure on margins in the back half of the year.
Rob McNutt: So, where we saw nice margin expansion in the first half, it’s going to be a little closer in the second half.
Rob McNutt: No, it's pretty straightforward, that – again, if you go back to last year for the full-year, that JV, the partner share of that, that we deducted out of the bottom was about $20 million for the full-year in terms of EBITDA, right? And so, we had exercised our option at first date that we could and then it took us six months or so to negotiate through the detail of that and get that close. So, in our initial outlook when we had budgeted and provider a forecast, we assumed we close that out at the very first of the fiscal year, which we would have picked up that extra $20 million because it took us until December to get it closed about $10 million of that wasn't realized.
Rob McNutt: Yes, that's in September. There is a price increase announced in Foodservice, again, in Foodservice contracts vary and how that works and so that will play out and be implemented over several months and even quarters here. So, we are seeing that come through, others also announced price increases similarly, and again, I think it's again driven by the relatively tight capacity relative to demand.
Rob McNutt: Sure, Akshay. I think, again, we've got a couple of months before this whole situation in Europe plays out and I think we're going to have opportunities to your point, Akshay. It's going to – potentially those opportunities are going to be more pronounced in our fiscal 2020 because it's going to be old crop, new crop transition, especially if there's customers that our service on the European industry that realize that they're going to have quality, crop, shortage issues that they may not understand right now. So, it's – it's a situation is going to play out. And I think that we'll have a clearer understanding in the next couple of months on what our opportunities are going to be with that. So, it's kind of – and to your point, it is going to be a fiscal 2020 opportunity for us because this is going to bleed over through our fiscal 2019 and our 2020. So, again, it's a volatile situation, our team is doing a fantastic job both in Europe and in the U.S. making sure first and foremost that we're supporting our customers and that's the priority. But I'm optimistic that we're going to have some opportunities and we'll see how it all plays out going forward.
Rob McNutt: Yes, Bryan, it's Rob. Yes, I did mention that we maintained our $360 million target for the year on CapEx that does exclude the M&A, okay, to make that clear. BSW, the purchase of that interest in the joint venture because that was already consolidated that CapEx is already in that number. And so that doesn't move the needle and the Australian pieces are relatively small operation and so it's not going to be material, and certainly not going to be material this year. And so, we're still maintaining a $360 million.
Rob McNutt: Yes, I think Michael that margin expansion is going to be more modest. We've had a terrific run to your point as you pointed out last 4, 5 years, and one of the things that we continue to do to drive overall profitable growth is invest in our business and expand capacity and we've been pretty consistent over the last 4, 5 years, expanding our operations. Obviously, part of our invest for growth is looking at opportunistic M&A, and that's going to be part of the play book going forward. And we're coming into an environment that's going to be a lot different than it has been in the last 3 or 4 years in terms of overall industry competitiveness. We've got our competitors, it's well known in Europe and North America that capacities coming online, we've got capacity coming on in our business and we're going to maintain discipline in our business and maintain our pricing, maintain our discipline, but the overall margin expansion is not going to be as pronounced as it has been in the last 3 or 4 years to your point. So – but I feel really confident about – when you step back and look at the big picture, the category continues to grow, our projections are 1.5% to 2.5%, that's a big – that's a critical element of driving our overall profitability, but the margin expansion is not going to be as pronounced as it has been in the last 3 or 4 years. There's no doubt about it.
Rob McNutt: No, I think your bridge Adam is spot on and in terms of what's driving, it's really across the board. As I mentioned that – on the commercial side, the teams are doing a great job. We've got some pricing momentum, especially in the Foodservice and then good volume really in our Global in our Retail business has been playing out nicely for us. At the same time, we have gotten some benefit from mix. And then on the supply chain side, the folks running our manufacturing operations have done a very, very good job of continuing to drive and squeeze efficiencies out of the manufacturing facilities. And so, it's really throughout the income statement that we're seeing that benefit in our base business.
Rob McNutt: Yes. Adam, that share repurchase program is really opportunistic and as you mentioned, it is open-ended. So, it's really just to give us flexibility to buy back shares on an opportunistic basis.
Rob McNutt: No. Carla, I think as Tom mentioned that this will be over a couple of years, because again, it's the global exercise and it's not something that we feel the need to rush or jam in. There is no fuse on this thing, and so we want to do it thoughtfully, deliberately. And so, we'll take our time and do it thoughtfully, so it will take couple of years for us to fully roll it out.
