Tom Werner: Thank you, Dexter. Good morning and thank you for joining our call today. We delivered a strong start to the year as we continued to execute on our strategies to drive sustainable profitable growth. Our integration of our EMEA operations is progressing well. Our capacity expansion in China is now up and running and our other expansion and modernization efforts around the globe remain on track. Our supply chain teams continued to drive productivity savings and our commercial teams remain focused on serving our customers and driving innovation across all channels. While our volume was down versus the prior year, it was in line with our expectations and was primarily driven by our decisions to exit lower-priced, lower-margin business. We should see our year-over-year volume trends improve as the year progresses as we begin to lap and backfill exited volumes with higher-margin business. Overall, we feel good about the health of the category, our first quarter financial results, and our operating momentum, and have raised our sales and earning targets for the year. Let me now turn to the current operating environment. The global frozen potato category continues to be solid with overall demand and supply balanced. Fry attachment rates, which is the rate at which consumers order fries when visiting a restaurant or other food service outlets across our key markets have remained largely steady and above pre-pandemic levels. Restaurant traffic in our key markets was generally solid. In the US overall restaurant traffic was flat versus the prior year quarter as QSR traffic growth offset further traffic declines in full-service restaurant channels. We believe that this is the cumulative effect of inflation and other macro pressures on the consumer over the past few years favoring QSR traffic and tampering full-service and casual dining traffic. While overall traffic growth did slow sequentially from about 1% in our fiscal fourth quarter as quick-service restaurant traffic growth cooled much of that weakness was in June and we are encouraged that both QSR and full-service restaurant traffic trends improved as the quarter progressed. In Europe, restaurant traffic grew in many of our key markets. In the UK, traffic was up mid-single-digits with growth in both QSR and full-service restaurants. Growth was also solid in France, Germany, Italy and Spain. In Asia, China restaurant traffic growth was very strong, but of depressed levels as a country rebounded from the severe COVID-related restrictions. Traffic in Japan was solid in both QSR and full-service restaurants. We suspect that restaurant traffic trends will be volatile in the near term as high interest rates, high inflation and uncertainty continues to affect consumers. That said, frozen potato demand has proven resilient during the most challenging economic times and we continue to be confident in the long-term growth prospects of the global category. Now with respect to cost, we continue to expect input cost inflation in the mid-to-high single-digits, largely driven by higher contract prices for potatoes, including a 20% increase in North America and a 35% to 40% increase in Europe. Much of our inflation-driven pricing across our channels has either already been announced or included in price escalators within existing contracts. Customer contracts representing about 20% of our North American business are in the process of being finalized and we feel good in the aggregate about the likely pricing and terms. Over the long term, we continue to expect pricing actions and supply chain productivity improvements will be the primary levers to offset inflation. We will also continue to drive improvements in product and customer mix to benefit sales growth and profitability. Now with respect to the upcoming potato crop. We are harvesting and processing the crops in our growing regions in both North America and Europe and we believe the crops in the Columbia Basin, Idaho, Alberta and the Midwest are in line with pre-pandemic historical averages. In Europe, we believe that the crop will also be in line with historical averages as a result of improved growing conditions. We will provide our final assessment of the crop, including how it performs out of stores when we report our second quarter results in early January. So in summary, we delivered solid results in the first quarter and continue to have good operating momentum. The overall category remains healthy with demand and supply largely balanced. And finally, at this time we believe the potato crops in our growing regions in North America or in Europe will be in line with pre-pandemic averages. Let me now turn the call over to Bernadette.
Tom Werner: Thanks, Bernadette. We delivered a strong quarter, and our operating momentum has us well-positioned to deliver another year of solid sales and earnings growth. In addition, we are confident in the health of the global category and remain committed to investing in our business to drive sustainable profitable growth and create value for our shareholders over the long-term. And, finally, as you may know, we will be hosting an Investor Day on Wednesday, October 11th at the New York Stock Exchange. During the presentation, we'll discuss our view of the industry, our strategies for growth, and our long-term financial targets and capital allocation policies. If you haven't already, please register if you plan on attending in-person as space is limited. Otherwise, you can view our presentation via our webcast, which you will be able to access through our website. Thank you for joining us today. Now, we are ready to take your questions.
Tom Werner: Yes. So, Peter, this is Tom. So, as Bernadette alluded to, it was limited to four accounts, and you know it was important for us to maintain our pricing discipline. One of the accounts in International specifically, we are losing money on. So it was time just to part ways and that had a big impact on our International volume. So, it was a measured discipline action we did and the thing in terms of your -- the first part of your question, we have line-of-sight to backfilling that volume, it does take time, it's not a linear match when you walk away. Been through this before, but we have a great commercial team that has identified a number of opportunities in the market in both North America and International, and we are actively working at. And as we stated in the prepared remarks, volume is going to be sequentially getting better over the next quarter and the back half of the year. We expect the categories -- and, really, it's in good shape. So between organic growth and some things that we have identified, I feel great about where we are at and how we are going to execute and continue to grow the volume in the back half of the year and over the course of the next several quarters.
Tom Werner: Yes. Peter, I think, the crops -- and we will have a -- as we do every January on our earnings call, kind of a debrief on how we are feeling about the overall crop and storage, crop is in great shape worldwide. So, I don't expect any impacts in any region in terms of challenges with the crop at this point.
Tom Werner: Yes. Hey, Tom, remember that what Bernad had mentioned before, yes, we printed 29.4%, but if you take away some of the timing impacts of that trade spend probably a little bit south of 28% as a base.
Tom Werner: Yes. Matt, I fully expect as I said earlier that, in the back half of the year we should start to see positive volume trends and that's a function of lapping the exited business, but also we have line-of-sight to additional business that we are going to start to backfill with, and it takes time, but I fully expect based on how we've got the business forecast and the opportunities we have that we are going to start seeing positive volume trends in the back half.
Tom Werner: Yes. We still expect in the late spring of 2024, early summer for American Falls to transition to our vertical start-up and it takes some time to get the plant up and running, but absolutely, late spring or early summer.
Tom Werner: Yes. Sure, Robert, in our remarks, we got about 20% in play. We feel confident about where we are at, where we are at in those discussions, how things are progressing for us this year. So, we will get through all that over the course of the rest of this year. And at a later time, as we always do, we will give some color on what we've got coming up in terms of contracting for our next fiscal year and how that's progressing. But, right now, we've worked through most of it. Feel good about where we are at. Obviously, it's all baked into our guidance. We have 20% in play. Feel good about where it's at. Commercial team is executing at a high level, great discussions and more to come on that. And then, the next -- like we do usually in our July call, we will talk about what's coming up for contract renewal in the next fiscal year.
Tom Werner: Typically, it's -- we start late spring through early fall when we start the contracting discussions.
Tom Werner: Yes. Andrew, we are going to stay disciplined with our revenue growth management initiative. And so, as we think about opportunities going forward, we are going to look at maintaining our margin profile and we are going to stay disciplined. And, you know, a testament of that is our decision to walk away from some of this lower margin business that we have been talking about. So, it's all about maintaining the discipline and what we are going to focus on. We have worked really hard to rebuild our margin profile in this business and we are going to continue to focus on that and maintain our discipline around the margin structure.
Tom Werner: Yes. So, the China facility, we are in early stages of our start-up. So it takes some time to get it up and running. We are running production there today. It's going to be specifically targeted for that market. We have got things identified in -- in China market from an opportunity business standpoint, but it takes some time to get the plant up and running and efficient and kind of work the kinks out. But we are early on. So it's going to be several more quarters before we see the impact of that coming online.
Tom Werner: Hey, Rob. It's probably a little bit of, might have a little bit of softness last year, just coming out of COVID and everything like that. But overall trends seem to be pretty good. I think with inflation still a factor, but it's cooling or at least a little bit better than people were expecting at least from the energy cost standpoint. [indiscernible] income helping traffic generate or we're holding up pretty well.
Tom Werner: Yeah, Rob, so just a reminder, our cost and contract raw input structure is baked. So, wherever the crop yields and all that comes out, it really isn't going to impact our overall input cost for the balance of this fiscal year. So it's -- you're not going to see any, any decline in our cost structure, because the crop is great. It's just we have agreed to a contract last year ago and it is what it is.
Tom Werner: We are not going to comment on negotiating discussions publicly. We don't do that. And it will be -- we'll let it play out the way it plays out. We will be disciplined in the process we follow every year. And at the appropriate time, when we come to some agreement, as we always do, and the market knows, you will see what our raw price is going to be for the next year.
Bernadette Madarieta: To the second question you asked, you know that those volume exits started impacting our International sales in our fiscal fourth quarter of 2023, and the business that we chose to walk away from, I would say about 90% of that relates to that in terms of volume decline with the remainder of being the destocking.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. So we feel good about the operating momentum that we have had. It's been primarily related to pricing. When we think that those financial targets are really prudent given the macro-environment that we are faced -- facing, as well as just uncertainty regarding consumer health. So most of that's pricing and we feel really good about the operating momentum of the business.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes, so you're right, typically we do see a sequential step up in Q2. I think we will still a see sequential step up, but it may be more muted because we are going to be lapping some of those pricing actions that were taken last year, as well as the timing of the customer trade claims that I talked about.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes, that's right, Tom. So when I am speaking to the step up, I'm speaking up to more normalized 28% that I referred to.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes, Adam, strong price mix performance was the key driver of our better-than-expected financial results. As it relates to mix and how that relates to growth going forward, we will be covering that in our industry -- investor call next week. And so, we will cover that more then, but again, strong price mix was the key driver of our better-than-expected performance.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. So we feel really good about EMEA performance. We have not given the prior year comp because as you know the EMEA sales were not reported in the prior year in our sales number. It was recorded in our equity-method earnings. But our estimates is largely in line for the remainder of the year at the run rate that we saw for EMEA in Q4 and Q1 from a sales perspective of about $360 million.
Bernadette Madarieta: As it relates to the volume in our North America segment, I think I alluded to the fact that we started to walk away from that in third and fourth quarter. In our International segment, we started to see the effect of what we exited in the fourth quarter of last year. So, as we said, we do expect to see volume continue to improve both as we lap that business we exited and as we bring on new business.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah, I think that's right, Tom. And the only piece that's different in the European market is that generally we'll contract for about 75%, whereas there is the open market for the remaining 25%, and we've seen, of late, that the open market prices have started to come down.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. So, CapEx fluctuates year to year. As we have discussed in the past, we had a pent-up demand after COVID where we had a couple of years of higher spending. I'm going to speak more to that during Investor Day, in terms of how to think about that over the next few years. So I will go ahead and leave it for Investor Day.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thanks so much. I was on mute. I guess, quick question for you, Tom. Just, I guess, with respect to the China plant, right, that's sort of up and running, maybe coming back to Andrew's question a little bit, but asked a different way. I'm just curious. Exiting this business back in Q4, but now you have a new facility. Is there now this conversation that you've been having, and now can be activated, kind of, with the salesforce such that you say, okay, there [Technical Difficulty] opportunity here, right, the trends [Technical Difficulty] is up, maybe off a lower base, but still up. There's not real demand destruction you know going forward. It sounds like really expected such that that salesforce can actually go try to take material share, let's say, even in non-US market just kind of given the new facility. First question.
Rob Dickerson: All right. Fair enough. And then I just think you probably said, correct me if I'm wrong, that traffic was up, I believe, mid-single-digit in Europe [Technical Difficulty] QSRs, but I know traffic was up in Europe, it sounds like better than the US. Maybe just any kind of general perspective as to why that might be the case kind of market -- [B2B] (ph) market.
Rob Dickerson: All right. Great. And then just quickly, obviously harvest coming in line with historic averages, coming off two bad years. Maybe just as a reminder, kind of, you know when we start to see that, you know, 35% of COGS maybe starts to disinflate or let's call it deflate year-over-year. It sounds like that might be like a back half fiscal 2025 dynamic.
Rob Dickerson: Right. But I'm thinking all the way forward to, let's say, the end of back half of next fiscal year, right, I'm assuming as we go into these contract negotiations go kind of toward the end of this calendar year, right, harvesting could this year probably put you in a pretty good position in those discussions.
