Tom Werner: Thanks, Rob. Let me just quickly sum up by saying, we are managing through this difficult and volatile environment, by prioritizing the health and safety of our employees. And supporting our customers as they deal with uncertainty. We believe that the tough decisions we made and the actions we've taken have us well positioned for fiscal 2021 and beyond. The recovery in demand, these past few months has been encouraging with solid improvements in most of our channels, especially at QSRs. While we expect there will be some bumps on the road to recovery, we'll continue to overcome them as the year progresses. Our long-term view remains the same, and we remain confident in our strategies, our ability to generate top and bottom line growth and create value for all our stakeholders. Thank you for joining us today. And we're now ready to take your questions.
Tom Werner: Yeah, Andrew I – yeah, I'm not going to get into a lot of specifics. But I will tell you, it's been really encouraging. We've had some early discussions. We closed some negotiations early in the process. And it's a partnership and that's what it's all about with our customers, especially some of the big customers. It's a challenging environment. Everybody recognizes that. And one of the most important things is assured supply. We certainly have our challenges in the network that Rob and I discussed on our prepared remarks in terms of manufacturing disruptions. But the plan was to get ahead of it talk to some of our customers with some of these big contracts coming up for negotiations. And there is some give and takes, but I will tell you how we ended up some of the negotiations. I feel good about where we ended up. And I'm not going to get into specifics. I don't talk about customers. But it's more to come on that down the road. We got several more contract negotiations coming up. But I feel really good, where we ended up with the ones that we've got completed to this point.
Tom Werner: Yeah. I think Andrew it's – you hit the key to the whole environment we're operating in is demand forecasting. And what's manageable today is different tomorrow, it's different yesterday. But we do have a lens of future demand based on orders in the system. Now, it's narrowed down a lot from what it used to be just because of the uncertainty in the channels. So it's – again, it's ensuring as best we can with the disruptions, we're having in our manufacturing plants making sure we've got taking care of the key customers. Certainly, we're having some challenges with the plant shut down, but the demand signal, we look at a lot of data just like every other company the demand signal is the key that's going to drive the near-term going forward. Certainly, when we have some of these contracts done and behind us that's helpful, but that's not necessarily an indicator on the demand forecast because the historical demand that we would have with these big customers has completely changed. So we're hand-to-mouth right now on what they're seeing in their store and store traffic. As you can imagine with the things that are going on in the environment in the U.S. specifically of some of our bigger markets that are -- have more spikes in cases and more restrictions the signal is mixed. So -- but the encouraging thing to all this is over the past six, eight weeks as Rob alluded to the things we look at, it's hanging in there pretty well across all of our channels. But the whole key to this is demand signal. And we look at a lot of different data. We certainly have a lens on what our forward orders look like. But the outlook period is a lot shorter than what it used to be, but we're monitoring it closely. 
Tom Werner: Yes Rob I sit here today we made a lot of decisions in the last 90 days based on a lot of unknowns. And there's -- where we're positioned right now as a company? I feel really comfortable how we're set up for this fiscal year. Now demand is going to be the wildcard, the demand signal. And I'm really encouraged by what's been happening in the last six to eight weeks. I think a lot of the things that we navigated through in April when all this hit, I would do the same thing again. And so, we'll navigate through the balance of this year with the new crop and next year's crop and the demand signal. I feel good about how the company is positioned. We certainly have our challenges that the team and the Lamb Weston employees are working through in our operations. We're continuing to enhance safety protocols for our employees. We got -- we have the entire organization focused on business recovery plans and cost savings. And so you step back and I feel the company is focused. We're going to have bumps in the road. There's no question about it. But the thing -- the big things that we decisioned in the last 90 days, 100% confident that it's the path forward. And now, we just got to operate this business over the next 12 months, it's going to be bumpy. We'll make adjustments as we need to, but we got everybody focused. So I feel good about where the company sits right now.
Tom Werner: The -- we made a decision about 30-ish days ago to temporarily shut down two of our factories just based on manufacturing efficiencies. And we've opened those factories back -- we're in the process of opening those factories back up. And part of the reason for that is, we're -- what we've been talking about on this call is the shutdowns that we've experienced have been a little bit more pronounced than we anticipated. Especially after the first part of June, we had a lot more positive in our plants. So, it's been more disruptive. At the time, we made the right decision to temporarily shut down a couple of factories and we since opened it back up and it's a need to the business as recoveries are improving. And we're -- work in production schedules and things are a little bit more disruptive than we thought. So that was the decision we made. We've reversed the decision. It's the right path going forward and it's just going to help us navigate through the demand improvement as things recover.
Tom Werner: Yes, Chris, the point in time is our plan all along was to reset our contracting crop volume with the intent as things become more clear that we have the ability to go procure open potatoes and that's the plan and we're executing that plan. I feel confident about where we're positioned from a crop and our ability to procure potatoes with our growers that we partnered with for a long time. So no concern at all on that front. And as the year plays out Chris, we get six to eight months down the road and we start talking about 2021 crop. We can make some adjustments with that crop – early crop going forward, if the demand returns to normalized levels so to speak. So I feel good about how we're positioned. We made a point-in-time decision. There's a lot of – in the industry, there's a lot of different decisions made. But generally, the industry was kind of in the same spot. So I feel good about where we're at. There's open potatoes available. 
Tom Werner: No we've got all of our factories running with the exception of one of the factories that we temporarily shut down, it's in the stage of start-up. We have all of our employees, especially in the factories still on payroll. And we absolutely have to run all our factories and it's based out of a need of the disruptions we're having with the COVID hits and sanitization. And every positive is different so – or we follow the protocols that we need to follow some factories that have a positive which had a line down. Some of them we have to shut the plant down for a day some – we've had instances where we shut a factory down for a couple of weeks. And so the team is doing a terrific job navigating through all that Chris. The – I'm not going to even speak to utilization levels because it's so variable right now across the network that it's – until this thing stabilizes, it's going to be really difficult to talk about utilization levels in this environment.
Tom Werner: It's a great question, Bryan. I think, as I think about the industry, it kind of gets back to demand. And I believe it's going to get back recover. It's just a matter when obviously. And I think, like any industry and everybody is going to reflect on current footprint. And think through strategy on what the footprint should look like in the next three to five years, what modernization looks like in the next three to five years. Certainly, as we're experiencing the disruptions in our manufacturing facilities, we've taken a very close look at efficiencies, and cost to manufacturer, and a lot of things. So I think the whole, the whole industry is going to do that around the globe. And I don't -- I expect that there could be some footprint changes. There's -- as demand recovers to levels in a couple of years that we've experienced, there's going to continually be investment in capacity, at some point down the road. And how that translates into modernization of new plants versus taking older plants out of the system, I anticipate that may accelerate, Bryan to your point.
Tom Werner: Yeah. I think, in 2008, 2009, the behavior from the consumer, we really didn't feel it as a company, looking back at the history, because there's a lot of trade down to the QSR space. And the -- at that time, the international market was growing exponentially faster than the overall North America and European market. So, our volumes as a company, wasn't hung in there and actually grew, through that period of time. The next two, three years, Bryan is -- it's really hard to predict. But I think there'll be some of that behavior. And time will tell how it all plays out.
Tom Werner: Yeah, Bryan, there hasn't really been any material changes in any of the contract negotiations that we've had at this point.
Rob McNutt: Yes. In terms of SG&A we have continued to squeeze hard on the SG&A. Now recognize some of that is an automatic governor as we saw in the fourth quarter as incentive comp adjusted down and then nobody is traveling. So it's easy to control T&E right now. But right now what we've done is, we've got a hiring freeze in place on our SG&A, ex-critical replacement kind of roles. We're not spending a lot in terms of some of the more forward-looking developmental spend. We have suspended further work on Release two of our ERP system. We are finishing up Release one because we're just about done with that and thought it made sense to finish that up. So again we're taking the steps and you saw that in Q4. So we'll continue to maintain a really tight fist on SG&A costs as we go forward, until we can see things start to stabilize where we think that continuing to -- some of those forward-looking investments like the Release two of the ERP and so forth makes sense. 
Rob McNutt: Sure. This is Rob. In terms of the CapEx, I think I've mentioned that for the year 2021, our expectation on CapEx right now is about $140 million. We've said in the past that it's really somewhere in the neighborhood of $120 million -- $125 million for maintenance level CapEx. And so, we want to continue to maintain the facilities. We had a couple of projects underway that we want to finish off including the ERP. And so, we'll finish that off. So that brings us to the $140 million expectation for the year. Again, as things open up later in the year assuming that we continue to trend positively in terms of COVID and so forth in demand that may change. But at this point, we're settled on the $140 million. In terms of SG&A costs, again as I spoke to that we'll continue to maintain a pretty tight handle on SG&A. We have the Release one that will go live here in the 1st of September. And so, we're currently incurring some training costs related to that. But that's the only element of SG&A that I would say would be anything that's outside the norm and that's going to be in the sub-$10 million. I mean, it's not a huge amount of money in the grand scheme of the year. Other than that again, we'll keep SG&A pretty tight for the year unless and until we see any light on the horizon.
Rob McNutt: I'm sorry yes, cost inflation continue to see, broadly speaking kind of that low single-digit kind of cost inflation across the system that we've seen in the past year. So don't expect anything dramatically different there.
Rob McNutt: Yes. Carla this is Rob. In terms of those costs, again, I think, that as you look through those, I broke them down into the $25 million related to utilization and the $22 million that was not related to utilization. Of that $22 million, again, a big chunk of that was related to raw write-off related to 2019 crop and settling of those contracts. And so, I would not expect anything material out of that to recur or extend, other than there may be some minor true-ups here that we clean up in Q1, but it's going to be much smaller than what we saw previously. And then, I said, there were some capital write-offs that we had in the quarter that don't anticipate those will recur. And then, transportation warehousing, I said, that expect those to improve versus what we saw in Q4, may still have some, but they'll be better. On the utilization costs, the $25 million of utilization costs, as Tom and I’ve talked through, it's really tough to predict and to forecast what's going to happen, because those are largely driven by a couple of things. One, what's happening on the demand signal. And two, what's happening in terms of employee health, as they show up for work. We can keep them safe at work and keep them healthy at work. But outside of work, as they circulate in the community, they may get sick and so we may have unexpected shutdowns of plants. And so, that's what's driving that $25 million as that utilization that is tied to both of those issues. So that's the one that I would expect will have some recurrence. Hopefully, we're getting better and smarter at managing those costs. But that's the one where there's a risk I think. 
Rob McNutt: Yes. In Q4 and I don't know that I spoke to it, but it's disclosed either in the release or the K. I think about $9 million of CARES Act relief is what we received in the quarter. And then there is some carryover into Q1. We'll see what new legislation that's being kicked around, what that has in-store and see how we can quantify that going forward. 
Rob McNutt: Sure. We don't break out that level of detail. The bulk of that business is reported through our foodservice business, but -- by our Foodservice segment. But by far the bulk of that Foodservice segment is the restaurants up and down the street, but we've never broken out the specifics on the hotels. But, again, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, that our demand on that is the same as you'd expect and what you're seeing in that segment and the economy generally.
