Dexter Congbalay: Good morning and thank you for joining us for Lamb Weston's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2024 earnings call. This morning, we issued our earnings press release, which is available on our website, lambweston.com. Please note that during our remarks, we'll make some forward-looking statements about the company's expected performance that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our SEC filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with our GAAP results. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations in our earnings release. With me today are Tom Werner, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bernadette Madarieta, our Chief Financial Officer. Tom will provide an overview of our strategies and priorities for the upcoming year, the current operating environment, and our initial thoughts on this year's potato crop. Bernadette will then provide details on our fourth quarter results as well as our outlook for fiscal '25. With that, let me now turn the call over to Tom.
Dexter Congbalay: Rob, if you looked at, May was a lower point, June recovered a little bit but was still down a pretty strong amount, but it was a little bit better than May. If you look at the entire fourth quarter, June was basically in line with that. So the trend, I would sit there and say nothing significant in terms of a change. With respect to the promo activity, we haven't really seen -- a lot of that started towards the end of June, so I wouldn't sit there and say there's really good clean data on that yet.
Dexter Congbalay: Thanks for joining the call today. If you want to set up a follow-up call, please e-mail me. We can set up a time over the next number of days. Again, thank you and have a good day.
Tom Werner: Thanks, Bernadette. We expect fiscal 2025 to be a challenging year but remain confident in the long-term growth outlook and the health of the category. Despite the current market softness, we're executing on our priorities that drive our long-term strategy. We're aggressively managing costs and evaluating our manufacturing network requirements as demand trends unfold. Our capacity expansion projects remain on schedule as we continue to modernize our production assets, which when combined with improving our core asset performance, positions us to continue to support our customers and create value for our shareholders over the long term. Thank you for joining our call today and now we're ready to take your questions.
Tom Werner: Yes, Andrew. And the other dynamic we're managing through is the restaurant traffic, particularly in the QSRs, which is 80% of French fry consumption. As I stated earlier, in Q4, we saw a continued deceleration of traffic. So as you -- as we manage through our overall capacity and production, continued softness across our entire customer base is leading to a more challenging environment in terms of contracting than we've ever experienced.
Tom Werner: Yes, Andrew, I'm not going to comment on our contracting because we're in the middle of it right now. But what I will say is with the challenges we had in our Q3 implementation, that over-indexed impacting are the independent restaurants and so we're working really hard to regain those customers. That's been a significant part of our share loss. And with that, plus you add on the restaurant traffic challenges, which is leading to industry capacity availability, we're going to have to make some and we're making some strategic choices to invest back with those customers and win their business back and their trust.
Tom Werner: Yes, Andrew, I'm not going to comment on kind of what you're pointing to. What I will say is we're evaluating a number of different things across the entire -- every part of the company right now to manage our costs based on the current operating conditions we're experiencing and what we expect over the next 12 months. So I'll just -- I'll leave it at that.
Tom Werner: Yes, Ken. We're always prudent in our guidance and have been over time. I think the thing that we're cautious about, as we've said, is the whole restaurant traffic phenomenon that we're dealing with in terms of, we've seen traffic trends negative before but we've never seen traffic trends in restaurant collectively this prolonged. And as I stated, in the fourth quarter, we saw it accelerate, and even starting out in our fiscal 2025, we continue to see declines. So when we kind of look through how this year is going to unfold, our guidance for 2025, we absolutely took a cautious view. And as we get through the next couple of quarters, just like everybody, we'll have a clear view on return. We think it's going to return. It always has in the past. But again, this is kind of uncharted territory for us to see a decline for this prolonged amount of time.
Tom Werner: Yes, Ken. Again, this is a product withdrawal that we chose to do. It's not lost on me and my team on the financial impact. But in terms of keeping to our values of integrity and responding to our customers and keeping the specifications of the product at high levels, we chose to do it and it was the right thing to do and I'd do it all over again. And I know it has a tremendous financial impact on the company. And so I'm not going to get into customer specific. We've made some adjustments internally on a number of different fronts to -- as we made decisions to do this. So we've adjusted the organization and we're 100% confident that those changes are going to continue to keep the integrity of our product quality going forward.
Tom Werner: Yes, a couple of things. Again, the operating environment and coupled with some of the share losses we've had, the operating environment right now, there's available capacity. And so yes we're making targeted investments in price in some areas to gain our share back. And we believe over the long term as the restaurant traffic and the category returns to a more normalized growth rate everything is going to be balanced out, but in the current environment again the traffic trends we've experienced really over the last year is really impacting the overall demand architecture of the category. And you have obviously additional supply coming on. So we're managing the dynamic of the operating environment, we're working in right now. And we believe and confident over the long term that as category returns to growth it will all balance back out and have a more normalized operating environment.
Tom Werner: Yes. So the capacity expansions we have going on we made those decisions a couple of years ago and you have to commit to your suppliers. We're three quarters of the way built and so it would be more costly not to complete. And so we've got -- we're at a point where we need to finish it. And again we'll evaluate. We're looking at all areas of the company to evaluate overall capacity in our footprint .
Tom Werner: Yes, Tom. So we contract our potato crop based on our forecasted volume and that's always done about 18 -- almost 18 to 20 months in advance with our negotiations with the contract volume and rates. So we always take a prudent approach and obviously last year we had an issue based on our forecast plan versus as we started going through the year, we realized we're going to come up short. So right now I think we're pretty balanced, but we'll manage it as we go through the balance of this fiscal year.
Tom Werner: Yes. So, Adam, like we stated, we're phasing some investments out further in terms of, normalized CapEx outside of the new capacity coming on. So we've made those adjustments as we continue to -- as I stated, as we continue, we're evaluating all areas of our company. And we continue to see traffic softness. We're definitely going to think through our overall asset utilization rates and how we adjust that.
Tom Werner: Yes. I'd, Robert, say it's a little bit of both, quite frankly. And the -- our commercial team, we've got visibility to a pipeline of opportunities that we're executing against every week. And so we have line of sight to regaining volume, but the environment is different. And so we're making the appropriate adjustments. But to be quite frank, it's a little bit of both.
Tom Werner: And we're seeing wins in the marketplace today so that gives me confidence that, yes, we'll navigate through the next -- the first half of this fiscal year, but we expect sequential improvement in the back half.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. Thank you, Andrew. As it relates to our current capacity utilization rate, that's not a number we want to provide right now. We've got two new facilities that are becoming operational and we'll have available capacity. China has been operational and through the vertical start-up, and then American Falls came on at the end of May and is going through its vertical start-up as well during the next few months, and we're looking to gradually ramp that up. So we want to get those plants filled up on a run rate basis over the next 18 months, but the current demand environment will likely stretch that out a bit. As it relates to some of the higher-margin customers and the share losses that we referred to, some of those are the customers during the ERP transition that we would have lost during that time. And our sales teams are certainly out there and talking to those customers. It's a competitive environment, though, as we've discussed, with some of the incremental supply and the softening restaurant traffic trends. So we continue to keep focus on that.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. The only other thing that I just wanted to mention is that over the long term, we still expect the market is going to be generally balanced. We have confidence in the continued category and absorbing the potential new capacity over time. But this is a short-term area with the softer restaurant traffic and some of the things that we're seeing that we're going to need to manage through this year.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes, that's right. And the other thing that I would add is to your question in terms of why does it affect Q4 and Q1 and stop there. So we identified it soon after the end of the fourth quarter. And that's when we made the withdrawal from the market after discovering that it didn't meet our specs and so it does impact both fourth quarter and first quarter where we wrote off the remaining inventory that was on hand.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. The long-term fundamentals of this business are still there and on track and we're investing for the long term. And as Tom said we make those decisions in advance of knowing in the short term when restaurant traffic trends may soften, but we believe with the capabilities and in the markets that we are adding these expansions that they're going to be able to improve the asset modernization of our total footprint.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. At this point, I would just say you're going to see a notable decrease in 2026. We are rephasing our capital investments as I mentioned and taking a look at what capabilities we don't believe we need immediately. And so when we have that update we'll certainly provide it at that time but a notable decrease in 2026.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. No, thanks for the question, Tom. As it relates to the share gains in the second half of the year, some of those have already been committed and we know that we will be seeing those in the second half. There are those that we're currently in negotiation with and certainly not going to speak to that. But that is the rationale for those share gains that are coming. We've got a strong sales pipeline that we are currently working through and have those identified targets as it relates to the share gains. The other piece that is impacting our guidance would be changes in mix. As we talked about we had in the back half of this year some changes in mix with those small regional customers in our North America segment. That would be regaining share of those higher mix customers.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. Thank you for the question. As it relates to the strategic exits that we've spoken about in the last year, if you recall, that primarily related to four customers in North America. And those strategic exits were made at a time when we were significantly capacity constrained and they made sense for the business at that time. Now going into softer restaurant traffic trends and incremental capacity coming online, we will continue to take a look at our sales pipeline and our portfolio. And in the current environment, which has changed from when we made those strategic exits, we've determined that it makes sense to make some price investments. And so that's what you're seeing in the current environment.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes, as it relates to margins in the International segment it was as you say, affected by the product withdrawal. The other thing that we have there is we're seeing a competitive environment in international markets, similar to what we've explained in North America and there will be some price investments where it makes sense. As it relates to the poor crop, those are things that we always look to, to pass through that price inflation. But as we mentioned, we do have a pretty good mix of fixed pricing as it relates to that crop in Europe and then any delta between that is where we'll look to price through that incremental cost.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. And keep in mind, the volume in the first half is expected to decline due to the impact of the share losses in that weak global restaurant environment that we've been talking about. It's the back half where we expect to see those volume increases.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. So we're not going to get into specifics about our experience competing in the current operating environment. We've got a number of contracts that are currently underway that we're negotiating, so we're not going to get into the details of those.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. When we make decisions on share repurchases, we do that throughout the year, and I can't comment further on that. Certainly, with the stock being down what it is, we will continue to evaluate that and make decisions as we move forward.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. We don't specifically comment on our competitors' environments and some of the things that they're doing. We can only comment as it relates to what we're seeing and how Lamb Weston is reacting to the market.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes, that's right. So in terms of the first half of the year, we assumed the consistent restaurant traffic trends being down with what we experienced in the fourth quarter with slight improvement in the back half of the year.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thanks so much. I guess just first question on the price and the trade investment going in. Are you saying that as you go into price negotiations overall on a contracted basis, clearly, that's maybe become a little bit more competitive, are there any other one-off investments that you would also be doing away from the contracted prices? Like let's say, if you contracted with someone last year, maybe it's a two-year contract, but their volumes and traffic are a little soft. Like are you actually funding maybe some of those customer-related promotions as well? First question.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. And then I guess, Tom, I think you called out specifically a little deceleration or kind of incremental decline in traffic as you got through May. Is there any visibility, let's say, more specifically on June? And then just like any kind of early reads? I know it's like super early from some of these new value offerings.
Rob Dickerson: And then just lastly, kind of a pedicle question. On the share repo, clearly bought some stock back, which is great. But I'm just kind of curious as you were headed into today's print, you probably thought maybe the stock could be down a little bit. Why not just buy stock back like tomorrow versus in the fourth quarter? That's it. Thanks.
