Tom Werner: Thanks, John. We believe our balance sheet and cash flow will support our balanced capital allocation policy based on returns and executed with discipline. As we outline in our Investor Day, our priorities are first, investment growth both organic and through M&A. Our current capacity expansion projects attached to our commitment to invest in and support growth. Second, we will return capital shareholders. Last month, we declared our first quarterly dividend of $18.75 per share or $0.75 on an annualized basis. And third, we will reduce debt to achieve our long-term leverage target of 3.5 to 4 times adjusted EBITDA given our high CapEx this year. We don’t expect to pay down debt beyond what is required in the near-term. Now, with respect to our outlook, our performance in the quarter and year-to-date were better than expected due to all the operating factors mentioned. As a result, we are raising our outlook for the year while we delivered well above our centerline of profitability in the first half. We do expect our earnings growth to normalize in the back half of the year. And we’ve taken a prudent view in our revised guidance. We now expect to net sales to grow in the mid-single digits, up from our initial estimate of low-single-digits. In addition, our full year basis, we expect sales growth to be relatively balance between price mix and volume, as we continue to stretch existing capacity to meet demand. For adjusted EBITDA including unconsolidated joint ventures, we now expected to grow at a rate in the mid-teens, up from our previous estimate of high-single-digits. This reflects strong adjusted operating income growth driven by sales growth and supply chain operating leverage while our raw materials for the balance of the year will be essentially flat to a year ago levels. We do expect SG&A for the second half and full year to be higher as a result of higher incentive compensation costs and approximately 10 million to 15 million of incremental standalone costs. These are consistent with the estimates provided during our Investor Day. The increase in adjusted operating income is expected to be partially offset, but significantly lower contribution from our unconsolidated joint ventures. We expect adjusted diluted EPS to be in the range of 220 to 228. This includes total interest expense of about $60 million and an effective tax rate of approximately 34%. So to wrap it up, we are off to a great start and we have tremendous momentum in the business. We are on track in our transition activities and the organization is doing a terrific job executing against our initiatives. I want to thank you for your interest in Lamb Weston. And, we are now happy to take your questions.
Tom Werner: Sure, Andrew. This is Tom Werner. I would say, internally, the biggest drivers on Q2, is our volume performance across all of our segments came in better than expected. So that was obviously a big contributor. I would say another contributor as we had strong price mix, which was also better than we expected, specifically across our Foodservice segment. So, those two things coupled with, our plants are running well, really well right now, as we start processing the new crops. So, essentially, we had three areas that were better than expected and that really what drove the over performance in Q2.
Tom Werner: I would say, Andrew, we have couple of initiatives in the organization. We are laser focused on our product mix, and some of our lower end products getting them out of a system at this point. So, we’ve been really focused on the product mix. Obviously, there is some customer mix that plays into that well, and we are also driving our Lamb Weston brand in that space too. So, that’s certainly has driven to some of the performance in that segment in the quarter.
Tom Werner: Yes, I think, again, within that segment, we continued to be focused on both our customer product mix. There is some innovation that we're driving, but it's largely our pricing actions that we’ve taken along with our customer product mix initiatives that we’ve been driving in that segment.
Tom Werner: It’s really pretty balanced across both segments. So, there is not one -- one market area that’s out lane another, I would its balanced then both are doing well. So, as you -- as we look at -- as we look at North America and the international segment, things are balanced right now.
Tom Werner: No, I would point you towards as we look at it. We have a great customer mix in our portfolio. So, we work at that extremely hard to be positioned with the growing customers to the marketplace. We’ve done a great job over that, over the past years. So, it’s really attributed to our customer mix in North America.
Tom Werner: Sure, Akshay. I would say first of all we are squarely focused on our pricing and mix initiatives as I stated earlier. So, we’re happy with the progress we are making within our own portfolio. So that’s number one. I would say number two, I would go back to the comment our factories are running really efficient right now. So, we are gaining a lot of throughput everything is hitting on all positive stones and the factories. That said, they are running at levels that are not sustainable, and we expect that we’re going adjust that in the back half, we’ve got some capital things that are coming out that we plan for. So, it’s really a function of throughput efficiency right now and the plans and how they’re operating and the supply chain organization is doing a fantastic job getting that throughput to meet demand that we’re continued to see in our business.
Tom Werner: Sure, Akshay. I’m not -- sure what data sources you’re looking at for starters, but I will say that as I’ve stated through our Investor Day, we contract a lot of our supply needs prior to our fiscal year. So, we have a high level of contracted potatoes which translate into contracted cost base for us. There is variability in our portfolio from a raw standpoint as it relates to overall crop yield and quality as we go through the growing season in the harvest. But, as we take a look at the back half of the year, we’re seeing a pretty known cost, and we think things are going to be relatively flat to the prior year. So, we feel comfortable with where our cost basis is.
Tom Werner: Sure, Akshay. I think first of all as we have anticipated this Global expansion in added capacity several years ago and as everybody knows, we’re in the process right now of adding additional capacity that will be online in the back half of 2017. Second, I believe the category growth projection. We talk about at investor day have not changed, and there is going to be a need to add capacity in addition to our capacity. Our competitors have announced that. We believe that demand is still going to outpace supply over the long-term. There may be some mismatches at times because of timing of the capacity add and the demand. But we’re confident in our overall view of the category going forward, and we feel we’re positioned right now in the near-term in the next couple of years, as you stated that as our capacity comes online ahead of our competitors and will make in these investments to meet our customer needs. And we’ve been highly committed to that over the last couple of years, and we’ll continue to do that. But we think long-term the demand is going to continue to outpace supply, we feel good about how we’re positioned going forward.
Tom Werner: Yes, Matt, you're saying there is certainly the operating environment we’re in with the capacity is driving us to evaluate our customer mix and our product mix, and certainly we’ve taken pricing actions across the portfolio. It is a dynamic, and I would say we’re confident that we have the ability to carry that, those actions forward. I would say, as capacity comes online specifically ours in the next year from now, we’re going to have opportunities to gain additional volume. It may be as some different margin levels, but will evaluate that as we go forward.
Tom Werner: Yes, I would say in terms of FY18, we’ll provide that guidance as we close out ’17 in Q4. So, I’m not going to get into any outlook there. And as far as the tax rate, I’ll go with the John.
