Dexter Congbalay: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Lamb Weston's first quarter 2020 earnings call. This morning, we issued our earnings press release, which is available on our Web site, lambweston.com. Please note that during our remarks, we'll make some forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our filings with the SEC for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for, and should be read together with, our GAAP results. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations in our earnings release. With me today are Tom Werner, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rob McNutt, our Chief Financial Officer. Tom will provide an overview of our performance as well as some comments on the current operating environment. Rob will then provide the details on our first quarter results. With that, let me now turn the call over to Tom.
Dexter Congbalay: Hey, Chris, it's Dexter. Yes, international was stronger overall than domestic, as you would expect, and I'd say little bit meaningfully so. But the category overall, I mean, normalizes 1.5%, 2.5%. The category has been little bit better than that over the last call, nine, 12 months. I think we've talked about that before. And that's why we're saying that in our prepared remarks, we said we've seen higher than average category growth, particularly this past quarter. And obviously, we were part of the beneficiary to that as well.
Dexter Congbalay: Yes, SG&A in the first quarter ex-A&P and I don't have that is million dollars of ERP spend, but was about 7.5% ex-A&P to put that in context, last year Q1 was 7.8% -- 7.8% sorry.
Dexter Congbalay: Yes. Hey, David, it's Dexter. I mean if you think about broad stroke sales is mid singles for call that four to six, right? And that's the 53rd week. I've been basically saying three to five. So I said a couple points, probably a little bit more than a point. And then, we're saying the bulk of that is going to be more largely driven by volume. So, you can use your assumption, whatever you want to use for price mix.
Dexter Congbalay: Thank you everybody for joining us today. If you have any follow-up questions, please pop me an e-mail, we can schedule a call, and look forward to talking to you later. Thank you.
Tom Werner: Thanks, Rob. Let me quickly sum up by saying we are pleased with our solid sales earnings and cash flow growth to start the year. We're on track to deliver on our physical 2020 financial targets, and we remain focused on serving our customers, executing against our strategic initiatives to support long-term and creating value for all our stakeholders. I want to thank you for your interest in Lamb Weston. And we're now happy to take your questions.
Tom Werner: Yes, Andrew, we -- this is Tom. We, with our manufacturing footprint, these things unexpectedly happen. We do have the ability to move production around to other facilities. So to pointblank answer your question, there wasn't any customer disruption associated with planned downtime and the manufacturing challenges we had in the first quarter.
Tom Werner: Right, Andrew, we obviously look at all the syndicated data, and we also have some data that we look at in the international markets. And it's exactly what I just stated this morning, we're monitoring it. And we had a great quarter in terms of traffic in the U.S. with QSRs, so it's -- that's counterintuitive to what we're concerned about economically. But it's been choppy the last three, four quarters in terms of traffic. So we're continuing to watch it. It's -- there's a lot of economic concern in the market, but right now it's just - it's just something we monitor. But again, we had a great traffic quarter in the QSR in the U.S. International markets are on trend in terms of what traffic and what we're seeing our growth. So it's just something we're monitoring.
Tom Werner: Yes, so Andrew, a normalized that we look at is 1.5% to 2.5% globally. And obviously there's going to be different growth rates in different markets. And just to give you context, broad strokes is a £30 billion market category globally, so 1.5% to 2.5%, that's a big chunk of volume growth on a normalized basis. So that's how when I talk about normalized growth rates, that's the window you need to think about.
Tom Werner: Yes, so just generally, Adam, this is Tom. Overall, the contracting exercise we just finished, up by and large, are pricing -- kind of landed where we thought it was going to be. And I know there was some concern out there that with the capacity coming on that there was going to be some pressure -- a lot of pressure on pricing. And by and large where we ended up is exactly where we thought we would be. Historically, based on my experience with this business, in these times where you have a little extra capacity, yes, you're not going to get maybe the lifts that you've had in the past, but overall pricing landed exactly where we thought we would be. So I'm pleased with where all that ended up. In terms of the Foodservice pricing deceleration, I would say it's at a more normalized level based on from a historical standpoint, and we've had significant price increases over the last few years based on a number of economic reasons and business reasons. And we were able to get some pricing through, as we expected. And I'm -- even though it's decelerated we're lapping some big price increases from prior year. I'm super happy where we landed on all this. So I feel good about where we're positioned in terms of that. And again, the belief out there was it was there was a lot of concern whether or not we were going to be able to price. And the team did a great job getting it through the marketplace.
Tom Werner: Yes, Adam, I'm going to kind of defer answering that question. We are right in the middle of harvest, and as I do in Q2, I'll give you a broader base point of view on the crop in total. All I will say right now is exactly what I said on the call is we feel good about the Pacific Northwest. There's some challenges in Alberta and the Midwest, and right now it's really about understanding how that crop is going to process. And we really just need time. Another month and then we'll have a good idea, and I'll get back to you in Q2, like I do every year, and give you point of view of where there are challenges or not.
Tom Werner: Yes, Tom, the ERP project, and again, recognize the accounting around those kinds of things in computer systems has changed here recently. And so, some of that is when you're doing these licenses gets put into SG&A expense, and then there's some of the things that go into CapEx. So there's a little bit of change in the accounting standards, but from us for our spending is we're exactly on plan as expected, and we're very deliberately going through and making these upgrades. And so, the adjustment to the CapEx is just we've got a little more clarification and specificity over the spending for that project. And so, that's where we raised our CapEx for that as well as some other project work we're doing.
Tom Werner: Well, just in terms of kind of what I said earlier, Tom, the great thing about Lamb Weston and our diversified asset base is when we have some of these challenges in the business with the start-up at Hermiston, that gives us flexibility in terms of capacity, additional capacity, we're able to move production around, if you will. So, we didn't impact customers, and tend to the needs of the unplanned downtime. So you're not going to feel the impact in the quarter, because we're able to flex our asset base in terms of production. In terms of volume expectations, going forward, we're very prudent in our forecasts and our outlook. We had a strong volume quarter. A lot of it was driven by the strong QSR traffic. So, I would not take this quarter and extrapolate it out, because we have remained prudent in our outlook based on what we think volume is going to be for the year.
Tom Werner: Again, Tom, we had the traffic in the quarter was as good as we've seen it, and what we do as a company is we're very prudent in our outlook. And these traffic trends, if you look at the syndicated data, they can turn on a dime. So, yes, we're monitoring our customers. Yes, we have an outlook on what our customers are thinking about doing in terms of in-market promotional activity, but we will always be prudent in our projections going forward, and historically that's what we've done. That's what we're going to continue to do.
Tom Werner: Yes, Chris, I would say that anticipate that the ERP spend is going to increase over the course of the balance of the year. And so that 10 to 20 I talked about that's going to take place really in the back half of the year. So you will see it grow.
Tom Werner: Yes, Bryan it's Tom, I'm not going to get into specifics about pricing and competitive pricing, but we executed our plan pricing in the marketplace across all of our segments as we normally do. And I will tell you, like I said earlier, I'm pleased with how all that, how the team did and they executed it. So we'll start seeing that pricing in the marketplace here. It takes a while for the pricing to get in the marketplace. And so, we'll start seeing the benefit of that, but it does take a while, from the time we announced until it actually starts flowing through to the business, but we've executed across all of our segments on the pricing that we felt we could get through.
Tom Werner: Yes, Bryan, so again, it's early on, and there's been some weather challenges in Canada, Midwest and the East, and it does put pressure on raw potato supply and it causes some of natural things that happen like shipping potatoes across the country. When you ship potatoes, they don't travel very well. So, as the - potentially the competitors are facing these issues. Historically, they have assured supply, but they have to do some unnatural things, and it increased our costs, and typically my experience when that goes on, we haven't seen a lot of disruptions. Do we get a few calls from customers here and there? Yes, we do, but typically the competitive set even though they have to do unnatural things and incur cost by shipping potatoes across the country, they are going to support their customers too, but it really comes down to -- it pressures their margins, I think…
Tom Werner: I am sorry, just add to that, that in terms of the impact on us, I mean, because we contracts such a high percentage, high 90% of our raw ahead of the season going into the season that really isn't going to impact our cost structure even though they're pulling potatoes maybe out of Idaho or something.
Tom Werner: Yes, David. I will address the tariff question first. With all the tariff discussion and everything that's going on, we have a pretty sizable business in China. Obviously we've got a manufacturing plant in China, and we have executed our contingency plan, as the tariff rates change. So we've adjusted production and it's been -- have we been impacted absolutely have. It's been immaterial. So the team has done a great job, looking at ways to mitigate a tariff increases on French fries specifically, so, nothing material in the tariffs right now. The second part of your questions, I'll answer it, it's interesting. I'll give you a perspective. When you go back 10, 11 years when we had the financial crisis and the interesting thing in our business a little bit to what I said earlier in my prepared remarks is even through all that period, our volume held pretty steady, and it's a combination of consumer behavior. This is my belief of the QSR traffic. People still eat out, but they eat out at QSRs in the traffic, and we saw it in our volume, and we have international markets that continue to grow. So, our experience, if something finance, some economically happens, even in that time, our volume continue to -- it grew, but it kind of grew, I don't remember what the rates are, but it continued to grow. So that's the data point I have, and we have as a business when we have a significant economic downturn, and again, back to my earlier comments, that's why we're always going to be prudent with our outlook going forward.
Tom Werner: No. I mean, the Hermiston plant came out as planned. Yes, the Hermiston plant was online in May as planned and on target, so we're ramping it up.
Tom Werner: No, it was right on track, and the team did a great job, getting up and running, and it did certainly helped relieve some of the some of the pressures were filling in, some of the other manufacturing facilities, but by and large, it was on track.
