Tom Werner: Thanks, Bernadette. Let me quickly sum up by saying we are managing well through this challenging environment and continue to build good operating momentum. We're well positioned to deliver at the upper end of our financial target ranges for the year, and we're making the necessary investments in our production capacity, and operating infrastructure to support long-term growth and create value for our shareholders.  Thank you for joining us today and now we're ready to take your questions.
Tom Werner: Yes, Chris. It’s Tom. I'll just reiterate, we're off to a terrific start this fiscal year. And our focus -- you think about a year ago, our focus has been rebuilding our margin structure back to pre-pandemic levels. That's the focus of the team and they've done a terrific job. And just in terms of SG&A and I'll let Bernadette add on to this, we have some elevated spend due to the ERP, a lot of it. There's some wages, also, that has increased our SG&A based on the market conditions we have, but it's really about focusing on the mix margin management. That's what we've been focused on for the last year, when I started talking about it. Team has done a great job executing that. It’s -- the volumes are a little bit choppy right now. And I think that's going to continue for the balance of this fiscal year, just based on the economic environment we're all operating in, and as well as some of the supply chain issues we continue to experience within freight and containers, those kinds of things. So, it's early, we got to understand how the crop processes through the factories the next 60 days. And on that note, in Q2 we will reassess kind of how we're feeling about the year.
Tom Werner: Yes. Chris, the main factor, if you think about a year ago, we were at 15 margin. And so, it's really focused on pricing through inflation. We have absorbed a tremendous amount of cost inflation in this business, just like everybody else has in the space. So it's really driving pricing to offset inflation and we're making obviously great progress against that. We have a lot more to do. It's still from an input cost standpoint, we're going to see more inflation coming at us in the future. So we're adjusting our pricing architecture to offset that as much as we can and we believe we will. So that's kind of -- that's the driver, Chris.
Tom Werner: Yes, and just one of the one of the big challenges we still have is container issues for our international business, Chris. And it’s -- while it's getting better, it's still hindering our ability to ship to some of our international markets in a pretty significant way which is impacting the overall volume in our Global business unit. The team is working through it as best we can. But it's still challenging from a container standpoint on the West Coast.
Tom Werner: Yes. So, the way to think about it is the quality of the potato as we're manufacturing it, or running it through the factories, it will provide good solids and good color, and the length is fine, which last year, we had all kinds of issues with the crop. So, set that aside, so quality is good, you're going to be able to -- the finish product is going to be more normalized I’ll say. The yield impact is literally -- there's just less potatoes on the plant as it grows than what we historically have. So it's just -- you just have less potatoes per acre. And so we're -- I feel great about our ability to procure open potatoes, as we have every year. We do it every year. So while it's not at historical levels, like we said on the call, we will manage through it. We have a great ag team that will help us manage through it and procure the potatoes and we'll be able to deliver our customers the product they need.
Tom Werner: So the big thing, Tom is our Global contract negotiations are kind of wrapping up for this next fiscal year. Most of those will start falling through in the back half. And as I said in the remarks, we feel good about where all those ended up. So we'll start seeing realizing those in the back half.  In terms of the other segments, we've been ahead of the curve in terms of the pricing to offset inflation. And we, as we always do, we'll continue to evaluate based on what we're seeing on our cost structure, evaluating when we go to market and change prices going forward in the Retail and Foodservice segment.
Tom Werner: You might start to see a little bit of slowdown in transport, though, to say. You have that. So remember, you've been talking about product pricing here. But transport will start to come off a little bit, just as the cost of transport goes down as most people on the call know that we try to make that as a pass-through as possible. It's -- over time, it tends to be gross profit neutral, but it will be a little bit more volatility on the top-line because of that.
Tom Werner: Yes. Rob, the -- as we've been very consistent, I feel good about where our gross margins are going to progress towards our historical averages in the back half, pre-pandemic. So that's what our focus is on. And we're off to making good progress against that, obviously. And so I feel confident about us returning back to normalized levels. And so I'm not going to talk about high-end, low-end, all those kinds of things, Rob, I just -- it's about making progress. And we're doing that as an organization and the team is executing against that.
Tom Werner: Yes. Rob, I feel great. We have great partner growers. We work in tandem with them on our needs and we got a great ag team that has tremendous relationships with our growers. So feel confident that we'll be able to execute against our production plan and sales plan for the year and we have some things we can do to adjust new crop, old crop. So I feel good about where we're positioned going forward.
Tom Werner: Well, this is Tom. It's right in line with our long-term strategic growth plans. It gives us in-country production capabilities, alongside of our -- we have a joint venture down there. And it's gives us a footprint in the South America market, which is a huge market and we're under-indexed in terms of share, so -- and it's super cost competitive. So I feel good about our investment. It's right along with our strategic long-term plan that we've been executing against for the past six years. And I'm excited about it. And it's going to give us a tremendous competitive advantage in that market down there going forward.
Tom Werner: No, I mean -- this is Tom. The acres fluctuate a bit, nothing major. So the acres around our growing areas have been pretty consistent over time. There is some change, but it's really not -- has not been material as long as I've been around this business.
Tom Werner: Yes. No, we won't provide any color on that the next couple of calls as some of those things finalize. As we always do, we'll communicate that on one of these calls in the near future once everything is done.
Tom Werner: It’s Tom. The -- strategically, our investment in expanding capacity has been very consistent. As we see the category growth and we think about the next really two, three, four, five, seven years, as the category continues to grow even at low-single-digits, it's a big growth number in terms of overall volume. So overtime, we're going to continue to invest in the business and invest in the growth of the category.  In terms of M&A, I've been very consistent since I've been sitting in this chair that we are as active as we can be in pursuing M&A actions. But the timing of those are always hard to predict. But it is absolutely going forward part of our growth strategic plan, organic capacity, investment and potential M&A as those opportunities present themselves.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. And we are making steady progress as we add production workers, based on some of the actions that we've taken to attract and retain employees, while there’s still those labor shortages. We are seeing the impact of that, and some of the changes we've made to shift schedules and other things. Just getting back to your run rates and throughput question.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes, and Tom, if I add on to that. In terms of the quality component being better this year where it was worse last year, last year that lower quality really resulted in lower potato utilization. So it required more potatoes to produce the same amount of finished goods. And we're not going to have that issue this year with a better crop in terms of quality. And then potato quality also affects line speed times in our plants. Again, we won't have that issue this year with a better quality crop.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. As it relates to our gross margin, we'll continue to see the normal seasonality. And then as it relates to the first question and the impact to the QSR, we don't give certain guidance as to relate to specifics, but essentially, that will flow through in the second quarter in terms of timing just given the delay in shipments.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. So we did end the quarter with high-single-digit cost inflation, including transportation. But then we also had some of the increased costs related to inefficiencies for run rates. So those were the two pieces.  As it relates to inflation though going forward, although they've come off their recent highs, they still do remain well elevated compared with pre-pandemic levels. And then it also will be impacted going forward by the timing of when some of our hedges drop off for some of our natural gas.
Bernadette Madarieta: That's right. And then the last pricing crease that we announced in Foodservice, Retail in July, you'll begin to see more benefit of that in Q2, Q3.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes, I think that, no. There's four key factors that we've alluded to in our prepared remarks as it relates to our guidance that we've been watching and that's crop, pricing, our run rates and then logistics. And we feel good about where we're at on all of those. And therefore, we will be at the higher end of the range of our earnings targets that we have outlined. So feel good about all four of those factors.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. And we expect that the return on that expansion to be attractive and in line with our other expansions.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes, so our leverage target remains the same at 3.5x to 4x. Certainly, we're considerably below that right now. But we maintain that strong balance sheet during these periods of economic volatility, and it preserves optionality for M&A.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes, just high-level we do hedge our natural gas and oil that's used in processing our potatoes. Our policies have not changed. We've always had a risk oversight committee that has monitored the markets and we've entered into those contracts as we've seen appropriate.
Rob Dickerson: Maybe just got a follow-up on the gross margin in the back half.Q1gross margin was obviously pretty impressive…
Rob Dickerson: Yes. I'm sorry. Yes, sorry. I was just saying, gross margin in the first quarter was obviously impressive, not that far from expectations in the back half. And it sounds like contract negotiations this summer in Global going well. So I guess, as we think kind of just to that Q3 time period with some of the incremental pricing coming through, Tom, what would you consider some of the drivers that might get you at the high-end of that gross margin guide in the back half, maybe some of the drivers to get you to the lower half or to the lower end? It sounds like it’s kind of more of the demand side relative to maybe volatility on cost or pricing or anything around the crop. Thanks.
Rob Dickerson: Got it, fair enough. And then just quickly, Tom, I know you said early on in the call, it sounds like you've been able to secure incremental supply, just given a little, the lower yield on the crop. At this point kind of given where you stand, is it fair to say that you have plenty of supply, right, you have plenty of potatoes? As you kind of get through the fiscal year, this shouldn't be like an issue, or sitting here in March or April such that the markets all out trying to fight for potatoes in the open market? And that's it. Thanks.
