Tom Werner: Thanks, Bernadette. Let me quickly sum up by saying we delivered solid results in fiscal 2022 by focusing on what we can control and have built good operating momentum as we enter a new year. We've taken a prudent approach to our fiscal 2023 targets as we expect the operating and demand environment to remain highly challenging, and we're confident in the long-term prospects of the category and remain committed to executing on our strategies and investing in our global network to support growth and create value for our shareholders over the long term. Thank you for joining us today, and now we're ready to take your questions.
Tom Werner: Yes. So Peter, the indicator is restaurant traffic, and we keep a close eye on that. It's -- in terms of -- QSR traffic looks relatively healthy. As we've seen in the past few months, the casual dining traffic has slowed down a bit, and we'll keep a close eye on that. Retail volumes continue to be pretty resilient. So it's not a matter of potatoes to support the volume, it really comes down to restaurant traffic. And you guys see the syndicated data just like we do. So that's something we keep an eye on really close, but that's going to be a leading indicator of the volume for the year. I'm confident, as I think about the next year, certainly, there's concern about the economy. But the French fry category, even though -- even if we get into a situation where there's some economic slowdown, over time and historically, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, there may be some switching from casual dining to QSR, but the overall category, I'm confident we'll continue to grow.
Tom Werner: Yes. So Tom, this is Tom Werner. Here's the way to think about it. Our guidance takes into account the potato cost inflation, all of our input cost inflation, obviously. And as we've think about our pricing strategy and the timing of pricing that gets to the market, there is a lag. There's been a lag in the global business unit, as I commented on. It's going to be building over the course of this fiscal year in terms of regaining our margin structure to pre-pandemic levels. So there's a lot of noise, and you're absolutely right. We've got the old crop we're working through, as Bernadette had just said. So we have a higher cost crop. We're processing right now. We have inflationary in the inputs for this next year. So it's going to be a build, as I've said for the past year. I'm confident where the commercial team has done a tremendous job getting to the market and executing our pricing strategies. So it's going to take until the back half of next year that we're going to get back to our pre-pandemic normalized margin levels, and we're going to build and we will be approaching those levels as we get through the back half of the year.
Tom Werner: Yes, Adam, I'll tell you to think about it this way. It's a pretty complex process. So we spend a maniacal amount of time focusing on our mix management right now and have been for the past 12 to 15 months. There's -- obviously, with all the challenges in supply chain and the run rates have changed in terms of our throughput efficiency, so we have to be very selective on our mix management and making sure that we service our strategic customers, but that does give us opportunity to think through the overall customer mix and we've done a terrific job of that, but it is a process. And Adam, there is -- again, when we execute our pricing actions, there is a lag through our P&L. So it does take some time to build that up. So we've commented that we've taken a number of pricing actions to even try just to catch up in a number of different areas of the Company, but we'll start to see that build, but it does take some time. And again, I'm confident with our commercial teams, what they've been executing. The volume trends look solid, but it will be -- there'll be some choppiness in the volume between channels, but it's a process. And I'm -- again, it's going to be a build, but the back half of the year, we'll get there.
Tom Werner: Yes, Adam, I'm not going to give you a specific number on our current capacity utilization. It's below where we've been historically. I'll say that. But we've got -- the China plant will come on in mid-2024. We definitely have opportunities within our current capacity to improve our throughput, and it is improving, and we're continuing to work on that. We opened our chopped and formed line, so that's given us some capacity on those products. But again, as we continue to staff up our plants, labor's improved, sequentially, over the past six months, and that gives me confidence that as the market and the category continues to grow, we get our capacity, our plants running close to historical average, we'll be able to meet demand. And I'm, again, bullish on the category, always have been, as everybody knows, and I'm investing behind it for what we see this category doing in the next five to seven years with our investments in China, American Falls and Europe. So we've got to build and we've got to get more efficient in our current capacity to meet demand, and I'm confident we're going to do that. We have a plan.
Tom Werner: Chris, this is Tom. Think of it in terms of this. We're, again, focused on pricing to get to pre-pandemic margin levels, and we're having discussions with customers. It is a layering effect. So, all contracts don't go into effect at the same time. So you won't see a full annualized price realization in some of our global contracts because they may start in October or November or December or January. So there's going to be a lag still just like we always have. That's been the case forever in this business. But on the other side, you get the carryover effect. So there is a lag. Again, this is why we've been really consistent to ensure that everybody understands that it's all about getting the discussions, the strategies in place and in the back half of fiscal '23, we'll start seeing the margins approaching pre-pandemic levels.
Tom Werner: Yes, Chris. So think of it in terms of this. We contract the majority of our forecasted volume needs every year. And we do have a percentage of open, what we just call open -- just open potatoes that will go out of the market and buy, depending upon how the category is growing, how the volume, what opportunities that may come our way. So we have flexibility and as the crop as we start understanding how the yields acres, how the crop is progressing through the growing season, and we evaluate our overall forecasted demand and needs, then we'll make decisions in the open market to buy or. And so it's -- and it's been a really good balance as long as I've been running this company and been in the business. So -- but it is fluid. But it's not a matter of are you going to have enough potatoes to meet demand? We make those decisions early on in the harvest season if we need to go out in the open market and buy potatoes. Just like we have every year. So I feel really good about how we're balanced, how the crop is doing this year. But we're -- in the next six months, we'll make those decisions -- over the next six weeks, we'll make those decisions on procuring potentially open potatoes in the market.
Tom Werner: Yes. I mean -- we'll make our -- so if we have more potatoes because the yields are greater than we'll make our standard Lamb Weston SKUs. But still -- Chris, the other thing to remember is we're still focused on improving our run rate.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. No, thanks, Tom. As it relates to SG&A, we have stepped up our guidance there, it approximates about 10% of our sales, including advertising and promotion expenses, as we discussed. We're bringing that back more to levels that we had prior to the pandemic. And then we do have these incremental ERP expenses that we are incurring. The piece that's going to be more here to stay is going to be as it relates to the compensation and benefits, as I referred to in my prepared remarks that have increased as we've worked to grow the team as well as attract the talent that are needed to continue to execute our strategies over the long term.
Bernadette Madarieta: No quantification at this time. But having said that, we're always looking for ways to become more efficient, and we'll continue to do that.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. And Adam, I think it's just critical to recall that with our global contracts, about 1/3 of those come open each year. And so it's going to take time, to Tom's point, as we continue to negotiate those each year. And that's essentially what's driving some of that difference.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. We haven't quantified that impact to discuss outside. But it is in excess of what we experienced in 2014. The last time we had a poor crop, which was about $30 million that we disclosed at that time. We're continuing to work through this crop. As we said, we'll continue to recognize the impact of that through the first half of fiscal '23.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. So as it relates to our buyback program, we've disclosed and discussed previously that it's really in place to offset equity dilution. We've demonstrated, though, that we will be more aggressive if it makes sense. But our plan is in place to offset equity dilution.
