Tom Werner: Thanks, Bernadette. With the impact of the order fulfillment issues behind us, we remain focused on serving our customers as we close out fiscal 2024. While near-term demand trends may be soft, we remain confident in the long-term growth outlook and the health of the category. And by continuing to execute our strategies, we believe that we will remain well positioned to deliver sustainable, profitable growth and create value for our shareholders over the long term. Thank you for joining us today and now we're ready to take your questions.
Tom Werner: Yes Andrew, thank you for the question. Certainly, the restaurant traffic trends have been soft as we stated in our comments and everybody knows we've got capacity coming on in the industry. And the thing to remember is as the capacity comes on, it's not all created equal. So the capabilities of the capacity are different. And as we have in the past, when we've had capacity coming online, we're going to be very -- we're going to manage it very closely and be -- and look at the opportunities we have in the different markets based on the capacity coming online as we have in the past. And so the difference is, obviously, the trends in the restaurant traffic are softer. We expect that to be a temporary outlier at this point. Time will tell but we'll manage the capacity coming online like we have in the past with ourselves and competitors and the category has been resilient and we remain confident and the long-term trajectory of this category which we expect to get back to 2% to 4% growth at a minimum.
Tom Werner: Yes, this is Tom. So a couple of things. We're getting ready to go through our contracting season as we do every year at this time. We're on the front end of it. So we have a robust plan on how we're going to work through that. And so I'm confident the team and our direct sales force and Mike Smith and his commercial leaders are focused on that. So more to come on that but it's going to take some time. It's not perfectly matched as we've stated in the past in terms of the volume, we've exited versus what we're targeting in the marketplace and we're going to do it at the right margin levels. So that's number one. Number two, this is a tough transition. There's no question about it. And it materially impacted the company and we're not happy about it. And so we have to win back the trust of a lot of -- some of our smaller customers and we're working hard to do that with our direct sales force. But it's going to take some time and that's an unfortunate thing that has happened but I'm confident we have a plan. We've got everybody activated our direct sales force, 300 salespeople on the street but it's going to take some time. And your question about -- your point about market share is absolutely true. And so we're going to have to work hard to get it back and we will. We have a resilient sales force but it's going to take some time and I'm confident that the team, we got a great plan in place but it will take some time and we're going to get there.
Tom Werner: Yes. So Adam, as we communicated in our Investor Day in October, we're going to have an elevated level this year, next year. The projects that you mentioned, those are baked and we're committed to it. And so we expect '25 will be elevated as we stated. And as we continue to evaluate the market and what's happening we'll evaluate all of our capital expenditures going forward in terms of base capital levels that are needed.
Tom Werner: No. Right now, as we sit, my belief is over the next 3 to 5 months, we'll have some clarity on it. That's going to be in conjunction to a lot of the contracting that we go through with the customers this cycle. So Tom, I think we'll have good visibility by the time we get to our next call in July and we'll get some more color on it by then.
Tom Werner: Yes, Rob, as I sit here right now, yes, we've been talking about softer traffic and that's been in the market for a while. I don't have any -- as I sit here right now, our long-term algorithm, I'm confident in. And if this is prolonged, we have certain things that we can activate to adjust the company and the footprint. But right now, we've made some investment decisions 2 years ago based on what we believe the category is going to continue to do. I believe it's going to continue to grow, even though -- we've got a softer period. And so I don't have any reason to believe that over the long term, we need to adjust our algorithm at this point.
Tom Werner: Yes. So we're committed to the dividend. And as we evaluate our CapEx, we'll certainly take a look at our share buyback as we always do. And we'll stay committed to our dividend over time. And so yes, absolutely, based on what's going on today with our equity price, we're going to evaluate that.
Tom Werner: As we sit here today, I think there's 2 things. I think the consumers has to adjust to the menu pricing in terms of the inflation. I believe we're going to start seeing more menu value meal offerings going forward to drive traffic trends. That's been typically the case in the past when things have slowed down a bit. So I think it's a combination of both going forward but it's going to take some time.
Tom Werner: Yes. So just to reset, even though it's down like we stated 2% to 3%. If you go back and stack it up the last 2 years, it's been up significantly. And when -- we're in the middle of rolling up our entire input basket right now for '25, as we've stated, there are commodity inflationary pressures in other areas of our input basket. So while our inflation, we don't expect it to be double digits like it has been in the last 2 to 3 years. We're still going to be dealing with some inflation at this point. I'm not going to give you a specific number, we'll talk about that in July because we're in the middle of kind of rolling up our '25 operating plan right now.
Tom Werner: Yes. So number one, we got the fry attachment rate has stayed pretty consistent. It's been above historical levels for the past 2, 3 years. So that's one thing. The other thing that we monitor continually is restaurant traffic every month that we look at and while it's been slowing recently, as we've discussed on the call, we believe based on kind of how we model some things that we expect that to -- the consumer to get adjusted to the inflationary menu pricing and we expect that to return here going forward. So it's not a perfect, linear assumption that we're making but overtime we think it's going to return back to in-store restaurant business.
Tom Werner: Yes. So we're on the front end of a lot of our contracting with customers right now, as I stated earlier and we've got a plan put together as we start thinking about FY '25 and targeted customers and rebuilding the relationships with some of the customers that we impacted, unfortunately, with our ERP situation. And it's going to take the next several months to work through all that. But I expect as our team will recapture that business will be targeted in our approach to that. And so it's going to take some time to rebuild those relationships. And we're going to be mindful as we always are at this time of year as we talk to our customers that we're contracting with on the opportunities that we feel we need to target and go after.
Tom Werner: No, I don't -- we don't have any -- from a customer standpoint, we were communicating well with them. With the challenges we had, a lot of our bigger customers, we made sure they understood all the things we're going through. So generally, they didn't like it but they understood. But there's no fallout from a lot of our bigger customers as we went through this. And we did our best to protect everybody as we could.
Tom Werner: Yes, it's not off the table. And I've been pretty clear on this that we're always continuing to evaluate international acquisition opportunities, certainly, the timing of those depends on -- it depends on the other side of the table, so to speak. So you can't always time these perfectly and we'll continue to evaluate it. And if something presents itself, based on what's going on today, we're going to continue to move forward. But we've got to be mindful about what's going on in the organization. But you can't predict when these things are going to happen, we have a sense of it but we're absolutely going to continue to pursue those.
Tom Werner: Yes. I mean I'm not going to get into a lot of specifics on that question obviously. But the thing to remember is, we have a belief in the long-term resilience of this category and have. And yes, we're dealing with some softness right now, we believe the category is going to return globally. And we're seeing some pockets of international markets that are performing well, as I stated in my prepared remarks. So over the long term, if something presents itself, we're absolutely going to evaluate it.
Bernadette Madarieta: Andrew, this is Bernadette. You're absolutely thinking about it correctly. We did absorb those costs and I think you would add those back as you look to fiscal '25. I think what's going to be key is we'll need to take a look at the restaurant traffic trends and impact on volume as we move forward and how that translates to fiscal '25. And we're in the process of rolling that up right now and we'll have more information when we give our outlook in July.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. So you're exactly right. It was a 16% decline in the quarter, 8 points related to the ERP transition and then the underlying volume we had expected it to improve sequentially but that the softer traffic trends that we did see, we do expect those to remain soft in Q4 of this year and that's what we're updating in our outlook. That continued softness.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes, you're going to see a couple of things. Mix will be part of it. As we said, in the third quarter, we weren't able to fill a lot of those orders that are more higher margin, just given the more mixed loads and the order fulfillment issues we were having. So you will see that impact then into the fourth quarter. But there's generally a sequential change between third and fourth quarter and you'll continue to see that as you have in previous periods.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes, the guidance would be consistent with what we shared at Investor Day, 12% to 13% of sales in fiscal '25.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. No, I would say that it's more industry is where you're going to be seeing that with the softer traffic trends. And then the other piece will be any hangover that we have from the ERP transition but definitely more traffic trends softening that's impacting that.
Bernadette Madarieta: Thanks, Robert. First, I'll take your last question first in terms of the ERP. The next phase of the ERP will be in North America and that will be at our plants. We will do a pilot plant first where we will test all of its capabilities before we earn the right to move to the other plants and we'll do that in waves. So we're right now in the middle of completing design build for the plants and then we'll roll that out in phases but it will have much less of an impact given our deployment strategy. Whereas this one was much larger in scope. And then as it relates to the potato crop that we contracted for 2024, yes, we do use volume estimates just like we do every year. We have taken down the number of acres that we did contract this year just given the elevated level of inventories that we're going to have at the end of this year with the excess crop. But we don't share any of the information in terms of number of acres but have taken into consideration what we're seeing from restaurant traffic trends.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. I think from a volume perspective, our QSRs, we are seeing sequential declines in volume and that's what's driving a lot of the volume decreases that you're seeing.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes, it is. Absolutely, it's a year-over-year as well as sequential. We've continued to see QSR traffic decline. When we were saying about flat that was more in the Foodservice space.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes, sure. So some of the next steps are different in that we're able to go live at one plant and isolate and therefore, limiting the impact, whereas with all of the central systems that were affecting customer ordering, inventory management and others this time that was more difficult. I think that as we've shared from an inventory visibility perspective and lessons learned, there's always more things that you're going to be able to do in terms of change management and other things. And those are the things that we will continue to focus on as we move forward into our plant phases.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. So as it relates to mix, we talked about the impact in fourth quarter and coming off of the ERP transition. As we go to fiscal '25, we will continue to see more favorable mix impact as we bring on our new capacity in American Falls, for example, where we are able to offer more premium products. So those are some of the things that you'll see by way of changes in mix. And then next year, we won't be lapping some of those lower-margin exits that we had made in fiscal '23.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. And the only other thing that I'd comment on that, we've talked a lot about in the past is related to French fries and the fact that they are one of the highest margin items on restaurant menus. And we will likely then continue to see pushing towards those types of products by the restaurants.
Bernadette Madarieta: That's correct. So we did the central systems in North America. The next phase will be plant in North America. And then after that, we will go international.
