Thomas Werner: Thanks Rob. In summary, our priorities have not changed and reflect a balanced capital allocation policy based on returns and executed with discipline. Our priorities continue to be, first, investing to support growth. We believe that demand for frozen potato products will continue to grow at an attractive rate over the long-term, both in North America and in the International markets.  As a result, we believe that there are a number of opportunities to generate solid returns by investing strategically through both capacity expansions and M&A to support our customers as they look to grow around the world. Second, given that we are continuing to make good progress towards the low-end of our leverage target through EBITDA growth, we do not anticipate paying down debt beyond what is required in the near term.  And finally, we will continue to support our dividend which is currently $0.75 per share on an annualized basis. We will evaluate alternative uses of cash down the road as we continue to grow and return to a more normalized CapEx level.  As you may have already seen in yesterday’s press release, our Executive Chairman, Tim McLevish has decided not to seek re-election to our Board of Directors in September. We were fortunate to have someone with Tim’s valuable experience on ConAgra’s Board at the time of our spin and we were even more fortunate that he was willing to step in as Executive Chairman to help with the spin, provide seasoned leadership and help build the foundation for independent Lamb Weston.  In a short amount of time, we have established standalone capabilities, we’ve recruited a great senior leadership team. We have also recruited two new independent directors bringing the total to seven. For all these reasons, Tim decided it was the right time for him to transition out of his role with the company. I want to thank Tim for his partnership and guidance over the past year and wish him all the best.  Finally, let me just say that my Lamb Weston team and I are proud of what we have accomplished in our first year as an independent company. We are executing well across the organization and confident that we will continue to operate with excellence to deliver another year of solid top and bottom-line growth in fiscal 2018.  We will do this by remaining focused on serving our customers and investing in and strengthening our capabilities. We are well positioned to create value for all our stakeholders over the long-term. I want to thank you for your interest in Lamb Weston and now we are happy to take your questions. 
Thomas Werner: Thank you, Bryan, it’s Tom. Certainly, at this time of the year, as we stated, the crop is an unknown until it matures further down the cycle. So that will be a variability and like we said, as the crop matures, we get into harvest in the September, October timeframe.  We certainly will have a better view on what the impact of the overall cost structure of our raw potato crop is going to be. So that does drive the variability. And like Rob stated, we will give some insight into that down the road. But that’s one of the major factors that impacts our business at this time a year. 
Thomas Werner: Yes, Bryan, this is Tom. So, in terms of, we are working through the old crop, new crop transition right now at this particular point just like we do every year. So the new crop will come online starting really in Q2 and going forward. So, it’s pretty similar cycle to what happens here in North America. 
Thomas Werner: Sure, Andrew, thank you for the question. Right now, we are working through negotiations across all of our segments and well, I am not going to get into the specifics on those negotiations. I will tell you that we feel good about where we are at and our plan how we plan those.  So I think, as this unfolds further down the cycle, we will continue to work through our opportunities not only in our negotiations, but also with our product mix that we’ve been executing against over the past 12 to 18 months. So there is a couple things happening. It’s certainly the negotiations with the customers and the contracts and then obviously we’ve been laser focused on our mix across the product portfolio. 
Thomas Werner: Well, I think price mix again contracts are open through the year, comes through the year in different timings. Some of that, you are right, we are lapping, but we will continue to get some price mix improvement is what we are anticipating in the first half of the year. Again, volume because we are constrained on capacity it’s really tough for us to get a lot more volume. So we are not anticipating much volume improvement until we get in the back half of the year. 
Thomas Werner: Yes, Akshay, this is Tom. Thanks for the question. We are again right in the middle of all these negotiations and the timing is spread out over really Q1, Q2, Q3 when the new contracts get into place. So, it’s not as specific as August, September, it’s going to flow over the course of Q2, Q3 and the back half of next year and that’s just the typical protocol how the contract start within their new agreement going forward. 
Thomas Werner: Adam, this is Tom. There is a couple things. We’ve got the capacity situation which our opportunities will come online in the back half to drive volume growth. So that’s a big component of it certainly. The other thing to think about is, about a year ago this time, we started running our capacity wide open in the business.  And we are selling up a high level of it. So we are going to have be lapping some high comparables until we get that capacity online and also some price mix things that we action in the last year well ahead of the first half. So those are really the two components as you are thinking about the top-line that are impactful. 
Thomas Werner: Thanks, Matthew, this is Tom. We have hadn’t saw an opportunity in the marketplace to round out our strategy in the Retail segment. So, we have participated in our private brands. We have a private brands offering. We have a premium offering in Alexia and we certainly have license brands. The Grown in Idaho was an opportunity for us to compete at the mid-tier Retail positioning and we feel good about how that has been positioned to sell in. It’s going pretty well and it’s off to a pretty good start.  I would say, in terms of capacity and the part of your question, that particular product runs on a very different part of our asset base and while we talk about we are running all the plants wide open. That’s an area where in the Retail with the packaging in the line - how the line flow goes, we did have some opportunity.  So it’s not compressing the system so to speak in terms of taking away from any other part of our business. It’s just an opportunity for us to expand and we believe based on certainly the category in Retail has been tough. We’ve been growing and we’ve been doing some things for our customers and they’ve been - they have welcomed it that we are bringing some news to the category. 
Thomas Werner: Yes, Matthew, it’s really, really early in the process. So, I think, we will give you some updates as we move down the path. We certainly have a program in place that’s measured and I don’t anticipate a significant amount of impact with trade going forward. We have lots, we had slotting and all the things that you pay coming out of the gate, but it’s really, really early in the process. 
Thomas Werner: I would say, the way to think about it is, right now, the team over there is going through a similar process. What we do here in North America in terms of contracting with customers. Certainly there is, as you pointed out, capacity coming online in 2018, I feel really, really confident with the team over there and how they’ve got this fiscal year position.  As the capacity comes online, certainly, I believe that’s going to be some, we are going to keep our eye on and it will be potentially more impactful in 2019. But 2018 is well positioned right now in my mind. 
Thomas Werner: Thank you, Adam. In terms of the joint venture question, the team three four months, four five months ago, six months ago now, with the crop situation they took actions ahead of it to get ahead of it, there is always a lag in terms of the actions they’ve taken to help offset some of the impact of the crop. So, again, they have well positioned the joint venture.  We will work through the crop. We’ve taken actions to improve profitability back to normalized level. As the new crop comes on, we are anticipating an average crop just like we do every year and the actions the joint venture has taken will help augment their performance next year.  The second part of your question is, as Rob noted, we took actions to build inventory in Q3 and part of Q4 ahead of some of our planned maintenance that we are executing on right now this summer. So, we have not put any of our key maintenance things off to run the plants.  We plan around it. The operations and supply chain team do a great job in scheduling those things and working the inventory levels ahead of any big planned maintenance down time. But we are very disciplined to manage against those programs. 
Thomas Werner: Thanks, Michael. Certainly, our capabilities across our network, we have multiple factories that have coated product capabilities and certainly there is some advantages to the product, I think, I am not going to comment specifically on the customer, but we have a number of customers that utilize that product and it’s - has a whole time and a lot of great attributes. But it is not a - it is not capacity constraints by any means because of the fact that we have capabilities across lot of our factories to produce multiple products in our portfolio. 
Thomas Werner: Well, I am not going to get into specific product margin, but when we step back, this is about partnering with the customer and meeting the needs that they are trying to drive to meet their consumers’ interest. So, it varies from customer-to-customer based on their consumers and what they are trying to accomplish with them. So it just really all depends on our customers and how they are thinking about their business going forward. 
Robert McNutt: Yes, Bryan, this is Rob. In terms of Lamb Weston/Meijer in Q4 performance, the team there has really driven a lot of improvement in price and customer mix that has picked up a lot of the slack that we saw in terms of higher potato cost. At the same time, they’ve done a good job controlling controllable costs that have really helped make that up. We did get a little bit of tailwind in currency as well. Now as we look forward, I don’t want to independently forecast individual operations and so forth and so, again, at this point, in Europe, we don’t have anything that says we are going to have an abnormal potato crop going forward. So we are forecasting based around an average potato crop. 
Robert McNutt: Andrew, Rob, if I can add to that, just in terms of supply demand balance or capacity demand balance, as we continue to see growth in the category with no new capacity or significant new capacity coming online until we start up Richland late in the year. We’ve been communicating that to our customers and they realize that. And so, as we’ve been going through the negotiations on contracts, the outcome thus far has been consistent with what is in our forecast for 2018. 
Robert McNutt: Yes. Thanks, Akshay, Rob. Our normal level of CapEx to really maintain the assets and some modest improvement in productivity is in that $110 million range is the way we think about it. And you are right, our CapEx for 2018 is elevated over what we previously anticipated early in 2017. And driven by a couple of things, as you properly point out, there is some carryover related to CapEx, really related primarily to that Richland number five project.  And so some of that’s carryover. In addition, as we continue to see opportunities for high return investments and we continue to cash flow the business well, we will take advantage of those opportunities. So that the engineers and the operators they identify a stream of opportunities to make improvements and as we can support those opportunities, we will pull some things forward and that’s what we’ve done. 
Robert McNutt: Sure, Adam. I am not going to dissect International to Domestic at this point, but I will give you some color around the trends that we are seeing some of our really strategic customers. Right now, I am not going to get into specific customers, but that we are seeing some good positive trends in a lot of their markets and that’s healthy obviously for our business but the entire industry. 
Robert McNutt: In terms - you are right, we - the teams that operate our assets have continued to run the assets at a very high level of productivity and so we are getting more production out of those assets than what we had previously anticipated really to meet customer demand. So as the demand growth that Tom talks about and we pull from the strategic customers, we are running the assets hard.  We are also, as you noted, pulling a bit out of inventory as well. Recall that we had built some inventory ahead of some of our capital projects, specifically the Boardman rebuild that’s going on right now to take us through that. So we pulled some of that inventory to service customer demand. In terms of the maintenance - increased maintenance cost, it had a minor impact on overall production across the system. 
Robert McNutt: Well, first, as I’ve stated, we are going to continue first of all to invest in our business in the growth, that’s good returns and secondly, I would say, we are going to evaluate our free cash flow position down the road and as we develop our capital allocation policies, we will communicate some of that down the road. 
