Tom Werner: Thank you, Rob. These are difficult times for all of us. And we don't know how long these times will last. But we faced challenges before and we will always come out stronger on the other side. I hope we were able to provide you with some insight on our priorities and our ability to manage through this crisis. We don't have all the answers, but I'm confident that our entire team will focus on doing our part to keep feeding people around the world. We're closely working with our customers and our suppliers as we continue to navigate through this environment. And because of that Lamb Weston will continue to be a strong and valid business partner. Thank you for joining us today. Now we're ready to take your questions.
Tom Werner: Yes. Andrew, it's all about the demand curve right now. And obviously, it's a fluid situation, as I indicated in my remarks, and the most important thing is to, that our customers are talking about is a assured supply. And that's what we're focused on. The situation is fluid. How the demand curve continues and where it flattens out, it's difficult to forecast right now. So, the most important thing is, what I alluded to in my remarks is, continue to make food products and feed people. And, the indication that I talked -- that I'll talk about is the fact that I do know is, what we're seeing in China. So, we had a downturn, we got through the worst of the crisis over there, at least as we know it today production went down 50% it's running about 70% demand. So I'd like to think about the market is all about assured supply, keeping our people safe, producing food safely, all those things. And, it's going to take time to see how all this all plays out.
Tom Werner: Yes. Andrew, as you can imagine, we're looking at a lot of different scenarios in the production plan, based on how things are changing every week. So, I will assure you that as we think through slowing production down, we're taking all the actions necessary. To take cost out where we can and but at the same time, we've got to support our employees that are coming to facilities every single day. But certainly everything is in play and we're reacting in real-time. I am super proud of our supply chain team and what they've done and how they reacted to this. And, we've taken a lot of steps to ensure that not only are we providing our customers with products, but we're keeping our employees as safe as possible in this environment.
Tom Werner: Well, Bryan, it's Tom. It's all about demand right now and understanding what the demand curve is and it's about ensuring that our customers were meeting those needs. So it's -- that's the focus right now versus the pricing discussion. So it's assured supply and that's what everybody is focused on right now.
Tom Werner: Yes, Chris, this is Tom. I think that's right what Rob said in China, but the other thing as I stated in my prepared remarks, right now in the environment in the near-term, some of our customers are talking about menu simplification. So, the near-term, it's about making sure fries are on the menu, their base fry item, and some of the promotional items, we're going to be pushed out for a while.
Tom Werner: Yes, Adam, as you can appreciate, this is a very fluid situation and I'm not going to get into specific regional areas of our country. What I will tell you is, we've got a team that's analyzing daily order patterns across the regions. I can't get into specifics because it's -- a lot of it would be speculative going forward because it does change, but we're monitoring it certainly as more restrictions on the social distancing are more pronounced, that's going to impact demand. So what I will say is, we're watching it closely and we're monitoring it every day. We're watching our order patterns and this is a fluid situation and you can understand that. I'm not going to put out any kind of, hey, here's this number, that number in any of these regions because it changes every single day right now, but we've got a team all over it and we're reacting to what we're seeing every day and that's what we're doing to manage this business going forward.
Tom Werner: Yes, Rob. I'm not going to comment on that because we're right in the middle of negotiating contract price at this point and other needs. So I'm going to not comment on that and you can respect that till we get through the process.
Tom Werner: No, we usually have a good idea. And what we do and we'll continue to do it is, we'll have an early read in July and we'll provide full color on how we're seeing the crop in October.
Tom Werner: Yes, Rob, it's all about demand forecasting. We've got obviously our protocols in place in terms of reacting to the COVID situation in our plants. And we're taking necessary actions to adjust our production scheduling as I mentioned earlier and we'll continue to do that. And I'm committed to continue to support our employees as they come in the plants every day and produce food to feed people in the U.S. and around the globe. So, it's a fluid situation. It's emotional. The most important thing is to do everything we can for the health and well-being of our employees and that's the focus.
Tom Werner: I'm not going to give you -- we don't break out specifics on which plant produces what. There are -- what we've done is, we've been able to convert some of our quote Foodservice lines to Retail to meet that demand where we can, not all lines are created equal. So it's a matter of how these lines are configured and, but I will tell you what we've done everywhere possible is to shift that production from Foodservice to Retail and ensure that as we look at the demand curve across our product line, we're adjusting where we can. And the teams done a -- the supply chain team has done a terrific job converting at light speed to adapt to the environment that we're operating in. And so what I will tell you, I'm not going to tell you specifics, but we're doing everything we can to convert lines where we can.
Tom Werner: This is Tom. I know that the news that's coming out is mixed that's what I know. Factually, what I know in our business and in China is what I stated earlier. When all this happened in January, February, the last two, three weeks, our business fell off about 50%, team worked through it. They did a terrific job. The China team continuing to operate, provide food for people. And now we're seeing traffic patterns to our business about 70% of normalized levels, and with the recent news that you alluded to, it's new news to all of us. So I can't speculate on what our business is going to do, but as I stated earlier, this is a -- this -- we're managing this every day. So we're looking at the data, it's very fluid. We haven't seen any indications based on what you alluded to the new news, the new cases. And so it's really a day to day thing that we're going to continue to monitor, but right now, we haven't seen any change based on the last 24 hours. And so that's -- but again, we're watching this every single day based on what we know.
Tom Werner: What I will say is, what we've done is shift as many lines as we can to Retail based on the demand changes we're experiencing. So, we are doing everything we can to meet the demand, and I'm not going to give you a percentage of what we're seeing in our Retail business, but obviously it's up. And we'll do all we can to help support the Retail demand that we're seeing, and we have changed some of our production lines, where we can again to support the Retail demand surge.
Rob McNutt: Yes. This is Rob. If you think about, it is food processing facilities. And we very regularly take the lines down for normal sanitation just as part of producing food. And so, every couple of weeks, we take a line down. We'll take each of our lines down just to make sure that we're continuing to keep the lines food safe. And so, as you think about this across the globe we've got 20 some odd French fry manufacturing plants. And so those are each individual units and within those units, there are lines and those lines go down regularly. And so in contrast to that perception that it's like a glass furnace that's continuous, yes, they're continuous when they're operating, but we regularly take them down, so that's just part of our process.
Rob McNutt: Yes. This is Rob again. The -- on CapEx, our base level of capital kind of keep the wheels on, capital is around $125 million a year for the Lamb Weston consolidated business. So, we think we can operate at that level for some period of time and maintain the productivity of the plants. Now, that doesn't include anything that's going to enhance productivity or improve our cost structure necessarily, that's just maintaining. So, but that's our base level of capital.
Rob McNutt: Yes, Chris, this is Rob. The -- you're right. We have the raw. The raw over time will spoil. We can stretch it out some, can't stretch it out forever. And so you -- so we have the ability to manage that to some degree to meet demand to try and optimize that cost versus the degradation of the raw get past September, and it's really tough for us to run raw from the prior year. But we can stretch it out a bit and so that's exactly the math that we're doing to try and optimize that given what we're seeing in demand.
Rob McNutt: Let me start, there are two components to that. One is LTOs, which there's always some level of volatility depending on what customers want to promote and how to promote it, the other is these customized products. And so for a number of our large chain customers in particular, which report in the Global Business Unit, there are very customized products for those customers. And the way -- and we started reporting under the new revenue recognition standard in first quarter of 2019. And under that standard, we recognized the revenue for those customized products when we manufacture it and have a purchase order in hand from those customers as opposed to traditionally the way I learned it 30 years ago when the product ships and title changes. And so there's some volatility in when we receive purchase orders on those things. And so we have some large customers and if we don't have timely receipt of purchase order, we don't recognize that revenue. And so that's what happened between global if you look at Q2 to Q3. Q2 wasn't really as good in underlying shipments as what it reflected and -- or was reported in Q3 wasn't as bad in underlying shipments. And, so I think, so I want to take that revenue recognition piece out of that. In terms of LTOs, interestingly, some of our customers in China are really looking at LTOs and trying to determine when is the right time to launch those to get customer traffic back. And so think about LTOs as a customer traffic incentive and that's how they use it and so that's what we're gearing up for now. So, I don't think there's anything that would say that customers are or aren't going to use LTOs in the future, in fact, I think, if anything, I think they're going to only going to be used as we indicated in China to leverage people back into the stores.
Rob McNutt: Yes. In terms of liquidity and balance sheet position of the joint venture, the joint venture is in good shape in terms of both its balance sheet covenant compliance and in terms of liquidity. They have their own standalone revolving credit line access and the sensitivities we've run there similar to what we've run here even in a prolonged downturn in demand that they appear to have sufficient liquidity to weather the storm here.
Rob McNutt: Sure, Tom, this is Rob. In terms of fixed variable, we've talked about before that about 70% of our manufacturing costs are variable costs, on a COGS basis, 30% fixed, so that includes depreciation and you run the math there. The components that are included in fixed, repairs and maintenance sits in fixed is a big component of that fixed cost and as well as labor and then warehousing, but the -- clearly on maintenance, if you've got a line down, you're encouraging the folks to not go in with big maintenance crew and do a lot of work. And so those are the kinds of things that you actually have pretty good control over, that makes sense.
Rob McNutt: Yes, I think that -- if you look at again that reported top-line that revenue recognition issue that I talked about is a significant piece of that. And then if you look at actual shipments, the international markets tend to have a lower margin on average than our U.S. markets just simply as a result of market structure and then additional freight cost and so forth.
Rob McNutt: We don't split it out that way publicly, but I will tell you that the revenue recognition issue was largely a U.S. issue.
