RobMcNutt: Yes, this is Rob, I'll take that. In terms of COGS inflation, first, remind you that our COGS does have some seasonality, just as the crop, the storage and the crop so encouraging those - incurring the storage costs, as well as the physical deterioration of the crop impacts yield. So that season also pull that aside. The key elements of the inflation have been in the outside of that is normal seasonality have been in edible oils, where we've seen sharp inflation and that really over the last 12 months that started moving up, about not quite a year ago, about almost a year ago, and has been moving up now recently, there's been a little bit more up and down rather than steadily up. So we'll see how that continues to develop and evolve. The other place where we've seen inflation is in packaging, I think that's just driven by general demand for packaging. And then again, the packaging producers, containerboard producers having the same challenges, production wise everybody else's. So those are two key elements that are driving our cost of goods manufactured up. Another piece that's driving our cost of goods manufactured up or has had an impact on it has been the volatility in our manufacturing operations that have is really a carryover from some of the pandemic related things. And as we recover what we're seeing is as demand certain comes up sharply, and we're trying to maintain customer service levels that we're doing some more break-ins to meet customer service levels on manufacturing. And so those are the elements driving manufacturing. On the operation side, as I think Tom mentioned, we're stabilizing those operations and seeing significant improvement there. On the other piece that gets into cost of goods sold is transportation, two elements to that. One is just the overall inflation. And that's really happening in trucking, in rail and in ocean freight across the board. And I think it's pretty common across industries to see that. The other piece, again, is we're maintaining customer service levels at a high level; we've been incurring more spot truck than we have our normal mix of primarily rail to move product to these coasts. So those are the elements in it. In terms of the outlook for inflation. Again the oils, we continue to hedge those and so a lot of oil is hedged through the year, the transportation, as we continue to stabilize operations, and as demand stabilizes, we expect that we'll get to more normalized mix of rail, truck freight. But we think that there's still some choppiness going to occur in costs in terms of spot trucking, and certainly ocean freight off the West Coast for us as we ship to our export markets. So it's a bit of a mixed bag. We think that a lot of the oil inflation feels like it's more behind us not to say there won't be more. But the rate of increase over the last 12 months, as I mentioned, is really doubled in canola. So that's a kind of a long winded answer, but I think it covers basis there.
RobMcNutt: Yes, I'll take that, this is Rob. We weren't that far off, I will tell you that. The pieces that maybe were sharper on the COGS side than we had anticipated, transportation was a bit sharper. And then really that one of the things that volume was stronger than we probably anticipated, going into Q4, and so there was more volatility, and so more break into lines more hotshotting, maintain customer service levels, those kinds of elements. And so as we think about it, we think that the long term of maintaining the customer service levels is a lot more important than incurring a little bit of extra costs in this kind of an environment in the short term. And so that's where maybe that you'd say that our margins are pressured a little bit more than what we had anticipated.
RobMcNutt: Yes, this is Rob. I think as we had mentioned that the pressure on the margins in the first half of the year, and as Tom mentioned, a more normalization to the back half of the year. And so I'll let you guys run your models for what EBITDA is going to do. I will tell you that the spending on that, those - especially those two large capital projects in China in American Falls, those are going to play out through this year and next year, that's really a kind of a 18-24 month bill is the bulk of the spending there. And so it'll ramp up. So a lot of that spending is going to happen in the back half of these this fiscal year and the front half of next fiscal year.
TomWerner: Yes, that's it. That's what we're expecting. Again Rob walk through this time or Rob walk through the inflationary challenges we're facing. And as we've priced in the market, pricing will catch up in the back half. We expect our operations manufacturing plants to hit pre pandemic throughput levels. And therefore in the back half, we think things - margins will be back to pre pandemic levels.
TomWerner: Just as a - I'm not going to get into specifics line by line item. But I will tell you that more than half of that is related to just inflation with less of it being in terms of operating performance. And again, as I mentioned, as we mentioned in prepared remarks, that's continued to improve through the quarter. So we exited the quarter in better shape than we started the quarter in terms of the [Indiscernible]
TomWerner: Yes, Adam, it's really choppy in the international markets. And I mean, you read the headlines every day and some countries are shutting down, put more restrictions on, we're certainly seeing it in our markets in Asia, Oceania and Europe. So it's really - we'd kind of week by week on what's going on, especially with the delta variant that's going on. So the team's doing a great job managing the volatility in the demand forecast plus throw on top of that container challenges that every manufacturing company is having, especially on the West Coast, just getting product to the markets. And so while all that is being - is pretty volatile right now. We're just managing through it real time, just like everybody else. So that said, the second part of your question is the competitive landscape right now from the Europeans is pretty, I'll call it normalized. So what it's been, it has - there has been any - there's always spot pressures in certain markets, but it's been pretty I'll call it normalized. And that's one of the things I attribute that to is everybody's experienced the same thing we're experiencing. So it's manufacturing challenges, it's shipping challenges, a number of different things. Just to get product to the market and serve your customers. And that's the number one goal right now, I think, for everybody. So I think it's going to be choppy, especially in the international markets with all the freight pressure going forward until things kind of kind of normalize. And the question is when is that going to happen? And right now we're going to see freight challenges. We're going to see freight challenges in the near term for a while, and it's just going to be the way we have to operate.
TomWerner: Yes, I mean, that's specifically all know what the - it's a comparable, year-over-year. But that's fair. And I would say one of the things that I feel really great about is how the category has responded. And it's been sharply lately, it's been a really strong in the US specifically, and I noted in my prepared remarks about fry incident rate, that's a big deal in terms of when people go to restaurants or ordering fries versus a different side. So that's good for the category. And that certainly has - that's helped the category rebound, and we feel good about and obviously over the long term, we are very bullish on the category based on all the investments we've announced over the last 12 months. So I think the demands going to be there, it's just we got to execute our operational side of it.
TomWerner: Rob, just one thing on - you talked about foodservice pricing. And really, the bulk of that was related to mix. The improvement there.
TomWerner: Just in terms of the cost reduction, you said variable is really - it's really cost too good to manufacture. So some of that is related to getting more productivity out of a line. And so you're spreading the same fixed costs over more pounds. And so think about it is if you've got consistently higher line speed, your changeover times are down those kinds of things, optimizing the mix line by line, those kinds of elements are part of that. And so part of is fixed costs, but part of it is variable cost, whether it's recovery, or usage of - raw re-usage of oil, et cetera. In terms of the timeframe, we haven't put a timeframe to that specifically externally at this point.
TomWerner: Yes, it varies, depending upon the contract renewal date. So it's really mixed. But generally, in general terms, the contracts that we have in place today will be in 3Q.
TomWerner: Yes, thanks for the question. This is Tom, it's really - it's hard to - we're not hearing things directly from the customer in terms of a pause or what they're thinking about. If you think about our large in our global business unit, our large QSR customers, they're pretty much back and they've been operating through drive thru format or takeout and they've been at or exceeded pre pandemic levels for quite some time now. And as I talked about the independent, smaller QSR chains in our foodservice segment have steadily recovered, and they're down somewhat, but they continue to improve. And with a new variant, it's hard to say. And the barometer for me is some of the international markets that have re-impose restrictions. And we've seen volumes step back. But this whole thing, it's going to depend upon the restrictions that are imposed or not imposed. And if we kind of navigate through it, here in North America we expect with fry incident rates that I alluded to in my remarks. If that continues and holds, which we believe it will, and then the volume is going to be there, it's just a matter of servicing the customers.
TomWerner: Yes, it's - I'll give you a couple different perspectives in my mind. First of all, there's been menu simplification and a lot of independence. And what does that mean? That means they're slimming down their menus, so you may not have as many side menu items. That's number one. Number two the fry offering is very important and profitable, there are customers across all outlets. So that's important, especially in times like this when you're fighting for incident, when you're trying to get to them, when you're trying to get people in the restaurant. So that's a couple different perspectives. But I think the other thing to remember the fry incident pre pandemic was pretty steady. You look over the years, it's been pretty flat-ish. And the uptick is because everything I just said, so and fries, it's a great, obviously a great product. And people love it. And so we'll see where it all goes. But if it does stick, it's going to be meaningful volume going forward.
TomWerner: All the color I'll give you is it's the tones normalized just like it has been every other year. Certainly everybody understands the inflationary pressures. We're all dealing with but you go through the process and negotiate in good faith and we'll see where it all lands. But early indications are we're in a good spot. And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back to Dexter Congbalay for any additional or closing remarks.
