Dexter Congbalay: Good morning and thank you for joining us for Lamb Weston’s first quarter earnings call. This morning, we issued our earnings press release which is available on our website, lambweston.com. Please note that during our remarks, we’ll make some forward-looking statements about the Company’s performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our filings with the SEC for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today’s remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with our GAAP results. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations in our earnings release. With me today are Tom Werner, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rob McNutt, our Chief Financial Officer. Tom will provide an overview of our overall performance and the operating environments in North America and Europe. Rob will then provide the details on our first quarter results and our fiscal 2019 outlook. With that, let me now turn the call over to Tom.
Dexter Congbalay: Hey, it’s Dexter. We don’t want to get into specifics on basically how much we do on LTOs every single quarter. We do have LTOs almost every single quarter when we report. So I just don’t want to get into that type of detail.  Just a little bit on the back half of this year as you know that, we did talk about this a little bit in our prepared remarks, but starting Q3, we had a very strong quarter both in our Global segment and in our Retail segment, in our Global in particular had some strong activity in LTOs. So, just keep that in mind in terms from a modeling standpoint. 
Dexter Congbalay: Hi, it’s Dexter. Any questions or follow-ups, just send me an email probably be the best way to get me and we can schedule a quick call. Other than that, thanks to everybody for joining us for our call today. 
Tom Werner: Thanks, Rob. Let me quickly sum up by saying that, we are pleased with our strong financial results in the quarter. We are committed to strategically investing in our capacity, infrastructure and capabilities to support our customers, as well as our future growth and operating efficiencies and despite some near-term volatility in Europe, we’ve remained well positioned to deliver our fiscal 2019 targets as we continue to execute on our strategic and financial objectives and create value for all our stakeholders.  I want to thank you for your interest in Lamb Weston and now we are happy to take your questions. 
Tom Werner: Thanks, Bryan. It’s Tom. I think, as we continue to evaluate the situation in Europe, the way we are handling it is, as I stated earlier, we are working across our network to make sure, first and foremost that we are servicing our customers and in terms of how the industry is going to be impacted, it’s going to be very different within our competitive set.  The good news is, for us, with our global networks, we have more flexibility to service our customers. The team in Europe is doing a terrific job making sure that as we look at the crop and understand how the quality and the yield is going to play out, we’ve taken actions to make sure that we have potatoes available to service our customers, and again where we can we are shipping some of that production to the U.S. to make sure that we are servicing our customers.  So, we are running our playbook. The other folks, the other competitors, they are taking actions too. So, it’s really just a wait and see and make sure we understand how this is going to play out. 
Tom Werner: Yes, Bryan, I would tell you, based on the data we look at, June, July, August was one of the best industry traffic quarters that we’ve seen in long time across the entire restaurant industry. So, it was a good quarter and in terms of people going out to eat across most all the segments and that’s certainly reflective in our results for this quarter. 
Tom Werner: Andrew, I would say, it’s going to be pretty similar and the key thing here again is, we still have to get the potatoes out of the ground, see what the quality of the yield is, but the lag and how this all is going to play out is, we are taking actions that are going to remediate some of the difficulties we are having with the potato crop and the timing of our pricing actions versus the cost, there is always a little bit of a lag, but typically, it should be very similar to how 2017, 2018 played out in terms of cost and then recovery. 
Tom Werner: Andrew, I think it is. But this is the beauty of this business, when you have a situation like this, you work through it this year and you start over. So, it’s going to be a bit of a one year situation we are dealing with and there will be some movement like I said earlier, with some production we are going to move within North America that help supplement the European situation. But, once we get through this crop, we start all over. So, all bets are off so to speak as we start the 2019 crop year.
Tom Werner: Yes, Adam, we don’t – a couple of pieces. One, as Tom mentioned, the crop is still coming out of the ground in Europe, so we have to fully assess that. Secondly, the actions that we are taking, especially related to pricing are in flight today and so we will see how that plays out over time. And frankly, I don’t want to get into detailed forecasting throughout the income statement. I don’t think that that makes sense for us. So, again, the overall focus is that, continue to deliver that 860 to 870 guidance. 
Tom Werner: Yes, certainly, Adam, we are working hand-in-hand with our customers. I am not going to get into specifics. But we do have line of sight to what their plans are for the balance of the year and we’ve reflected that into our outlook. 
Tom Werner: Akshay, it’s Tom. I would say, we certainly have a point of view on all the moving pieces right now which is we’ve taken our estimate in our guidance and I think, the important thing here to remember is, in sixty days, we are going to have a pretty clear understanding of what we are dealing with in Europe.  And when we have our January call, we will give clear guidance as to the impacts pluses and minuses, both in Europe and potential opportunities that could be realized in our North American business in some of these international markets where the European competitors may have a problem servicing those markets.  So, the bottom-line is, it’s just going to take 30 to 60 days to understand what we are dealing with. We have reflected our best estimate in our outlook today and we’ll update our investors in January as this thing starts to become more clear. 
Tom Werner: Andrew, I would say, our capacity utilization has been similar to what it’s been the last couple of years. We were running at a high utilization rates. The industry we believe continues to operate at high utilization rates. That’s – the biggest priority right now is get our Hermiston line up and running and that’s on track to come online in May of 2019.  But we have not – there is nothing that’s changed from a capacity utilization significantly in the last two years. So, everybody is running wide open and we are doing some things from a maintenance standpoint, moving some things around to support our customers.  So, we continue to operate at a high level. The industry continues to operate at high levels and that’s going to – with this situation in Europe, that’s going to pressure some areas in the industry in terms of capacity. 
Tom Werner: Andrew, I would say, our outlook, we certainly have contemplated the things that we can do in the market in terms of pricing and some pricing actions we’ve taken. We are in the middle of some few contract negotiations right now. So, we have folded that into our outlook. So, right now, our best estimate, again is, has taken all that into consideration when we are guiding for the full year and any additional things we may do to offset any pressures of the business, that’s just normal course of business going forward. 
Tom Werner: Yes, Michael, it was always been a focus. As I have stated in the past, we are certainly interested in opportunities in Europe from an M&A perspective. This is going to pressure some of the competitors and as you can imagine, we are as active as we can be. But those things are hard to – it’s always hard to predict when that’s going to happen.  But this, who knows, it may give us an opportunity with the situation that’s going on and if some shakes loose, we are going to be active in it. 
Tom Werner: Carla, I am a 100% committed to our Retail business. It plays an important part within our network in terms of balancing out the overall potato crop based on some of the retail products we make. So I have no interest in divesting any retail business. We are committed to it.  We launched Grown in Idaho. It’s been an awesome launch and we are gaining share and right now, based on how we look at the category with all of our private-label license brands, Grown in Idaho, we are the share leader in the category and it’s growing. So I am committed to it. Team does a great job and I have no interest in divesting that. 
Tom Werner: Yes, we – that – just to clarify, the cash spend won’t all done by the year end necessarily. The line will be up and running by May, but there is typically some carryover on that because of payment terms and needing to hit performance milestones and so forth. But in terms of the timing of that, we haven’t talked about how lumpy that’s going to be on capital spending we have forecasted quarter-by-quarter on that, so. 
Tom Werner: Yes, we had indicated that we were going to have increases over the year related to one, the standalone company issues and then, some of the investments we are making specifically in IT, infrastructure and systems and so forth. So we anticipate that SG&A is going to be higher for the full year and that was included in those guidance numbers.  As I mentioned, there are some lumpy things that flows through SG&A including FX, including things like equity compensation when stock price moves around that so forth. So there is lumpiness from things like that. But we expect SG&A to be elevated over the course of the year. 
