Dexter Congbalay: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Lamb Weston’s Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. This morning, we issued our earnings press release, which is available on our website, lambweston.com. Please note that during our remarks, we’ll make some forward-looking statements about the company’s expected performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our SEC filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today’s remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for, and should be read together with our GAAP results. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations in our earnings release. With me today are Tom Werner, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rob McNutt, our Chief Financial Officer. Tom will provide an overview of the current operating environment and our recently announced investment in China, while Rob will provide some details on our third quarter results, as well as some shipment trends for the fourth quarter. With that, let me now turn the call over to Tom.
Dexter Congbalay: Yes, maybe, Bryan – hey, Bryan, it’s Dexter. In short, we don’t see a slowdown versus if you think about it on Q3, Q4 sequential. I mean, the U.S. North American business is holding up well. 
Dexter Congbalay: No, we haven’t. Carla, let me take that. We don’t give a specific on that. What we have said on COGS just generally breaking down in a normal environment about roughly a third is raw potatoes, roughly another call it 20%, 25% is going to be a combination in the particular order here of edible oils packaging and miscellaneous ingredients and the remaining call it 40%, 45%, again, no particular order here combination of fixed overhead conversion cost which is largely labor, fuel, electric power and water. And then, finally transportation and warehousing. But we don’t break it down any finer than that. 
Dexter Congbalay: Hi, everybody. I appreciate the time today and listening to the call. Any follow-up questions or need to speak best thing to do just pop an email and then we can schedule a time. But have a good day, everyone. Thank you.
Tom Werner: Thanks, Rob. Let me just quickly sum up by saying, we continue to prioritize ensuring the health and safety of our employees during these challenging times by adhering to strict COVID protocols in all of our manufacturing locations and encouraging all our workers and their families to get vaccinated as soon as possible. We are confident that the near-term pandemic-related pressures on our manufacturing and distribution networks are temporary and that our cost structure will normalize once we get past COVID.  In addition, we believe that the investments we are making in our supply chain will improve our cost structure over the long-term. We feel good about the trends in restaurant traffic and frozen potato demand in the U.S. and most of our key international markets and remain optimistic that overall frozen potato demand will approach pre-pandemic levels on a runrate basis by the end of calendar 2021. And finally, as shown with our investments for a new facility in China and to expand chopped and formed capacity in Idaho, we are focusing on the right strategic and operating priorities to serve our customers and build upon the long-term health of the category in order to create value for all our stakeholders. Thank you for joining us today. Now we are ready to take your questions.
Tom Werner: Hey Bryan, it’s Tom. I would say it is improving. We have taken a number of actions several weeks ago to encourage our employees to get vaccinated, but we are seeing improvement and the thing Rob talked about in his prepared remarks, the thing that I made the decision that we are going to service our customers, so that is causing, as we take the plants down like Rob said, we are moving things around, and it’s very unnatural for us right now. This is not a systemic problem. This is a short-term issue that we’ll continue to manage through, but we’ve got the right team focused on the course corrective actions and – but there’s adjustments every week on production and that’s a decision. It’s right for the company. It’s right for us to service our customers for the long-term but it is improving. And I think as the employees and people get vaccinated and we are still following our protocols at the plants to keep the employees safe, but we are seeing improvement and it will gradually improve and I suspect we get to summer and we should be in pretty good shape close to the normalized runrates. 
Tom Werner: Yes, Chris, this is Tom. As I always do in July and October, Chris, I’ll update you on the overall crop condition, acres yield, all those kind of things and I defer on the overall contract pricing as we are all the way close to that. I understand that there is reports out there, but I will address that in July as I always do. 
Tom Werner: Yes. I think, it’s tough to – I mean, obvious that we’ve got the data internally, but I don’t want to start down a path of disaggregating that and have an update on. But I guess, what I would say is that that it all stems from not being able to staff and operate those lines because of COVID. And so it’s that cascading effect and so, there is nothing systemic in the operating cost there that I would call out.  It’s really that one-timer or the temporary impact of the COVID. On the transportation side, again, the shifting around from rail to truck and more spot trucking and so forth, that’s temporary as well, driven off of that same issue.  But I would point that that there is generally transportation cost inflation going on. And so, as we go, we contract freight for the coming periods, I think, we like, everybody else are going to see freight cost increase. 
Tom Werner: Yes, this is Tom. I expect, at the end of the calendar year, based on some of the data we look at things we’re projecting, Foodservice to be back to pre-pandemic levels and it’s as – as we’ve seen markets in the U.S. not all of them open up and just lift restrictions, we’ve seen them approach or get pretty darn close to pre-pandemic levels.  Now the – we need some time to work through overall the consumer behavior going back to eat at restaurants or over a longer period of time. But that gives me confidence that there is some pent-up demand for the restaurants in our Foodservice segment and I think we’ll get back to pre-pandemic levels by the end of calendar year and the mix will, say, went into where it was before all that’s happened in terms of segment. 
Tom Werner: Yes. Obviously, there is a going to be a significant mix change versus Q4 of last year, which everybody knows we are in the deep end of the pandemic. So, the Foodservice, we expect Foodservice trends improve Global’s pretty steady state and growing to pre-pandemic levels.  And retail – recall, last year retail directionally was up like a 150%. That’s going to taper off. Q3 it was a 105 to 115 roughly. So, the mix shift for us will be skewing back to, I call it more normalized segment mix in Q4. 
Tom Werner: In terms of China use of cash, that’s we are evaluating that and the way to think about our North America footprint is we’ve had a continual modernization program for five, ten years. So, we are upgrading these plans with the latest technology. There is a certain amount of maintenance we do every year. We are committed to for food safety, to people safety and some of the bigger equipment that’s aged, we replace it.  And just in terms of overall capacity in the industry, I think about the category two to three years out and based on our projections on the category growth overall, that’s what drives a lot of our decisions in terms of investing because we got to make a decision now for what we think is going to happen in two to two and a half years.  And that’s the way we’ve always operated. And I think the category will come back by the end of the calendar on a normalized runrate basis and I believe it’s going to return to growth. And the things that we are going to do in the near-term is to make sure we are positioned to capture our share, capture the growth and service our customers and continue to evaluate the footprint and the cost competitiveness of our footprint in the marketplace and that will drive the investment decisions going forward, here in the next 12, 15 months. 
Robert McNutt: Okay. Andrew, it’s Rob. In terms of quantifying it, again, we did stop breaking that out as a specific as we viewed it as more normal. I think we started that in Q2, I believe. But the way I would think about it is that, you know what pricing has done. You know, we’ve got modest input cost inflation.  And so, if you go back historically and look at margins, that would give you a sense of what margins should be in a normalized – ex the COVID costs. And I would argue that the bulk of any margin difference there is going to be related to COVID costs. And so, I think you can back into it that way and come pretty close.  In terms of bleeding into Q1, again, it’s going to depend on how quickly we can get people in the plants vaccinated and back to normal production and operating schedules. Again, we see demand recovering as we’ve said by the end of calendar 2021 to pre-COVID levels.  And so, as you think about that, that tells you the operating – the pull on the demand side ought to be there, and so it’s back to – as long as we can get people in the plants to operate the plants, we should over time get costs back to where they are.  But again, that will take some time to get people vaccinated, get them back into plants and stabilize all of that. So, I anticipate that certainly into Q4, and we’ll probably have some bleed over into Q1 as well. 
Robert McNutt: Yes, I think that, again, that goes back to the comp back to 2019, if you look at the Global. And so, the comp to 2019, again that Q4 2019 had been a particularly strong quarter in the Global business unit if you [multiple speakers]. 
Robert McNutt: Yes, this is Rob. If you take to the Philippines, it’s a little bit light, but we’ve also had some miss in the shifts. We’ve moved some of the business that has come through our top-line historically resumed to Lamb-Weston/Meijer.  And so, some of that’s just shipped within our overall platform is part of it. But the other piece that just in the near term that’s playing a little bit of a role is the port issues and some of the logistics channels as you’ve seen more globally where getting containers available and so on and so forth is having an impact. We think that will clean up, but that’s also having an impact on those volumes. 
Robert McNutt: Well, it's certainly an issue in the quarter to some degree with exports. But going forward, it's not cleaned up yet and we are in the same boat as everybody else who is exporting out of the Port of Seattle and the West Coast ports that container availability and ship reliability. So we'll see a bit of what we think into this quarter, as well. 
Robert McNutt: Hey, Adam, it’s Rob. Yes, we have tried to step back from giving on specific numbers. Of course, we got the data internally. But it’s just one of those things that how much it’s really specific to, call it, COVID and that things I could point to that might not be.  So, we are just trying to be careful in terms of doing that and trying to report that kind of going forward because of this and precise signs at the end of the day. But gave you the three biggest drivers plus inflation on our COGS. So, it’s tough to give you a sense of how much specific to each individual item. So, sorry about that. 
Robert McNutt: Yes, Adam, it absolutely, that’s into our long-term strategic plan. China is a big market. It’s 1 billion, 1.1 billion pound, it’s been growing at 10% to 15% annually for a number of years. We expect that growth to continue. A lot of the bigger customers are expanding their store fronts, continue to do so and so – the plant is going to take about two years to come online.  And Adam, it gives us flexibility to shift current export production to in-country, which is another strategic reason to build that plant. And we are committed to China and we’ll be committed to it long-term. But it again adds a geographical flexibility to our overall operating network around the globe and but it’s two years out.  So, these things you got to think through what the category is going to look like in two years in some of these markets and you got to invest in it. And that’s part of one of our strategic pillars is to continue to invest in this company for the long-term and we’ll continue to do that. 
Robert McNutt: Yes. I’ll jump in. Think about it this way. We got to think through what the next two years, two, three years the category is going to look like, I am not going to sit and wait and see what happens. So, we are going to make some decisions and potentially move some things forward to get ourselves for the next two, three years.  So we have available capacity to meet the demand in the category growth and service our customers just like we have been in the past, we make decisions now anticipating what two to three years are going to look like. 
Robert McNutt: Yes, Jenna. We have not talked about a cadence of that CapEx spend there. Again it’s $250 million. It will take us about two years to get it in and again, you got lead time more around equipment and progress payments against that. And so, I think, to some degree that it’s going to be – the bulk of it’s going to be a big chunk of the spend is going to be in the next fiscal year and then following into the last several months before start up there.  And so, some of it will be this year, but the bulk of it’s going to be in next year and into the following year. In terms of efficiencies, clearly, we are going to gain technical efficiencies in areas like recovery, but there are so many variables that go into that. Clearly, labor costs are lower in China than they would be in the U.S.  But you get some offsets in some other things. But clearly, we’ll gain some efficiency there. I will tell you that the folks who have been running our existing plant in Shangdu and we’ve got some debottlenecking there to service growth there have done a great job of managing those assets and extracting the real value out of those. So we are very confident in the team and their ability to deliver when we give them the new asset to work with. 
Robert McNutt: Yes. I think, if you think about the ramp up in that, if you just look at the demand, look at our DSO on the receivables side and what has been historically and we’ll ramp back up to those kinds of levels on our Foodservice. So that’s what we anticipate as we just get back to kind of normal DSO levels when you get to year end and it will carry through the receivables number. 
