Tom Werner: Thanks Bernadette. Let me just quickly reiterate our thoughts on the quarter by saying we are pleased with our progress in the quarter and we're taking the right steps on pricing actions and in our supply chain operations to navigate through this difficult operating environment. We are on track to deliver on our targets for the year and we believe we're on a path to get back to pre-pandemic profit levels after we get past the impact of the poor crop in the first half of fiscal 2023 and remain committed to investing to support growth and create value for our stakeholders over the long term. Thank you for joining us today, and we're now ready to take your questions.
Tom Werner: Yes, it's a combination of everything you just said, Chris, and we expect as we progress through the back half of the year. As we said, we'll start seeing more price realization based on the actions we have taken to this point. And also, as we continue to evaluate our input cost inflations and what's going on with the crop and the open potatoes, all those factors, the commercial team, we're constantly evaluating, when we're introducing new pricing in the market. So, it's multiple factors as you indicated, we're managing it real time, and we're going to have to continue to do that because the inflationary environment right now is pretty volatile. 
Tom Werner: Yeah, broad strokes, historically we talked about running our factories at capacity. I'd say we're down around 10 points to that right now. And in some weeks, a little below that, a couple of points even down further. The team is making great progress. As Bernadette has stated, our staffing is improving although gradually, and we expect hopefully by the spring-ish, we'll have our staffing situation squared away, but the labor market is tough. And, in terms of potato utilization, it's historically I'll just give you the numbers broad strokes. We utilize about 62% of the potato to make fries. With the poor crop right now, that's down five to seven points, and that's something we're really watching close, it's going to be pretty volatile in the back half of the year as we start chewing up the new crop potatoes making fries. So hopefully that gives you something to range. 
Tom Werner: Yeah, in terms of productivity, we have a winner's one initiative, which is call it a pretty systematic savings program that we kicked off in the summer of 2020, and we're making progress against that. And as we become more stable in our operating environment, my expectation is that's going to drive savings that will be apparent as we get through a more stabilized cost environment going forward. And we're rolling it out systematically across our network, we're not all the way bright rolling it out to all of our plants, it's taking a bit more time because of the current operating environment and the focus on ensuring we get our throughput, breaks up, and staffing and all that. So, I expect it to be more visible in our margins, once the operating environment stabilizes. And, with respect to the 2022 crop, it's early on. I'm not going to get into specifics on discussions with growers. And there'll be some news coming out and I'll talk more about it in the third quarter. 
Tom Werner: It's really hard to say across the entire menu of a restaurant. What I will tell you is from a side options standpoint, obviously French fries are a really good category and they're an important part of the operator's menu item because of profitability. So, while there has been a lot of simplification and we've done the same thing within our portfolio with our SKU rationalization project, I think the simplification of menus is going to be around for a while. And, a lot of it is going to have to do with the overall supply chain worldwide and food and having availability of the products to menu at a normalized regular basis. So I think this is going to be around for a while. The good news is our categories is more or less back to pre-pandemic levels and it remains an important menu driver and profit driver for our customers. 
Tom Werner: The other thing I'll add on that is, the productivity initiative that we're rolling out and the cost saving projects we're introducing into some of our factories are also going to help us hopefully bridge back to that, and then some. 
Tom Werner: Yeah, Adam it's a combination of a couple different things. Its yield per acre and its recovery as we're processing them in the plant on kind of the range of numbers I said earlier. And, it's size and quality and all those kinds of things that there's kind of three or four factors there. 
Tom Werner: Yeah, I mean, we're managing our customer portfolio Adam and there is areas where we made some tough decisions, not to serve some customers. But it's a pretty -- we have to be very nimble and flexible. And this environment have been and the team's doing a good job, but we've made some tough calls and in terms of the market share, and all those kinds of things, I haven't seen the latest data. But the category share, pie so to speak, really hasn't changed that much. And, so I think everybody's battling the current operating environment and working through as best they can. 
Tom Werner: Yeah, sure. So, like I said, we've made really good progress with staffing up in our factories in particular, based on some of the actions we've taken, and they're sticky too. So, I -- and that gives me confidence based on the last couple 60-90 day trends just in terms of labor filling jobs, those kinds of things that if that continues, then we should be in really good shape in the next 60-90 days.
Tom Werner: Yeah, Andrew, great question. And, it's early on in the contract cycle this year. We get more into it typically mid late spring through summer. Obviously, internally we're having the conversations on with the inflation we've experienced, which has been a long time that that business have experienced this type of input cost increases and potentially broad increases. That's something we're talking about and we're going to certainly adjust to our customers, but it's something that they're experiencing too and I think it's prudent for all of us to sit down and make sure when we get an environment like this, that we have the proper agreements on how to navigate through this a lot better. 
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah, thanks Tom. This is Bernadette. We do expect price mix to go up sequentially in Q3 from the plus 6% that we reported in Q2. Again, that's just broad based pricing actions becoming more fully implemented. 
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah, I can't speak to what competitors are doing but I can say from our standpoint, we aren't seeing a lot of our customers switching freight lanes or that sort of thing. So we continue to remain competitive.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah, so talk about couple of things as it relates to our guidance. In the first half, we're already plus 13% as it relates to growth. And in the second half, we do expect price to accelerate from the plus 6% that we recorded, or reported in Q2. So, in the second half volume is going to continue to grow, although below the 6% that we delivered in the second quarter. And we talked about all the reasons for that. As we looked at the range of guidance that we provided, we wanted to provide the prudent guidance as the operating environment does still remain really challenging. And, we've got volatility in our near put -- near-term input costs and ongoing production disruptions and things. And that's what's going to result in whether or not we end up at the bottom or the top of the range. The other key piece that's going to affect where we land in that range is going to be the storage performance of these potatoes. We talked about it being a very poor crop and we don't know how it's going to store and that's going to affect our potato utilization. And then the other piece is what we feel good about our cost estimates related to our open market purchases. And we procured most of those, we still are out and procuring those potatoes and so that's what's going to tend to pull us from one end to the other of our gross margin range that we provided.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah, thanks for the question. As it relates to the price increases, as a reminder, it does take either one to two quarters for that price increase to show its results in the quarter. So I think, take a look for that. And then as it relates to any future price increases, you know, we don't comment on those other than to say, we are expecting to see higher potato costs next year, just given the higher costs to grow, fertilizer, etc. And so, there could potentially be future price announcements.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah, so we have announced many expansions that we believe have attractive returns. And so we will continue to have our same capital allocation policy where we're going to invest first in the business. Certainly, as we demonstrated in the second quarter, if there are attractive returns to repurchasing more stock, we will do that. And we just take a look at where those returns are and could potentially opportunistically take advantage of that. But our capital allocation priorities remain the same in terms of investing in the business first, followed by share repurchases and dividends.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah, no. Great question, Andrew. And we talked a bit about in the prepared remarks that we do expect to see large and sequentially increase in the third quarter. And then just seasonally, they'll come down a bit in the fourth quarter. But, that's the pattern that we're expecting to see in the last half of the year.
