Tom Werner: Thank you, Rob. Let me sum up by saying, we’re pleased with our strong first half performance as we continue to execute well on a generally favorable environment. We’ve raised our sales and EBITDA targets for the full year and remain prudent with our updated outlook. We are well-positioned with our raw potato supply to deliver our volume target and support customers growth and we remain focused on reinvesting in our business to drive long-term growth, return capital to shareholders, and create value for all our stakeholders. I want to thank you for your interest in Lamb Weston, and we’re now happy to take your questions.
Tom Werner: Andrew, this is Tom. I think the other thing, as we've been very consistent with our outlook to be prudent, a couple of things that I’ve alluded to on prior calls, the restaurant traffic trends have been favorable. The Q1 that was up 2% traffic, is up 1% this last quarter, which is significant and that's an area where it's really hard to predict. So, we're being conservative absolutely, but we got work – that's a trend we're monitoring going forward. And obviously if the trends continue as is, then we could see some upside to this.
Tom Werner: Yes. So, just to reset, Andrew, our global contracting ended up where we projected it to end up and there was pluses and minuses, net-net as we plan this fiscal year based on what we thought the environment would allow us to price it kind of ended up, where we thought. So, what you're seeing in Global relative to the pricing that we got through during the contract negotiations, it's going to be pretty stable for the balance of the year and I would say, remember when we have international volume growth like we have, it's been – again ahead of where we projected. The pricing in those international markets are different than our pricing in our North American markets. So, you get a dilutive pricing factor in that.
Tom Werner: I'm not going to get into specific market growth rates. We don't – haven't typically talked about that, but what I will tell you and just reiterate is, the international markets at least this last quarter have grown above historical averages. And that's true for North America as well. So, you know, as we think about the go forward, again, we're being prudent in our outlook. And we've got a strong first half of growth across the international and North American markets in the Global Business Unit, and we'll see how it all plays out in the next several quarters, but it's just been strong demand quite frankly.
Tom Werner: Yeah, I think it's – my experience with situations like this is, you got to – you have to be patient and we'll see how this all plays out in the spring, quite frankly. And there are several things that the industry can do to augment potato supply whether it's harvest early, plant more acres, there’s a number of different things. So, it's really, Adam, a little bit early to speculate on what's going to happen. We have an idea, but we have to – the most important thing for us is, we are well-positioned with the raw potatoes that we’ve secured, we got ahead of it. So, we're going to take care of all of our customers' needs. We will opportunistically evaluate opportunities that may come our way, but our focus is to execute against our customers and the plans that they have and drive their growth. That's it. And you know, if there’s things that come our way, we'll evaluate it as they happen.
Tom Werner: Yeah, Chris this is Tom. A couple of things. As I said in my prepared remarks, yeah, we're aggressively evaluating capacity addition in our current footprint inside and outside North America. That's number one. And the second thing is, our supply chain team has full core press on operating efficiency and projects on unlocking capacity in our footprint today. So, in terms of where we're at, I feel good about the near future if you will, on our ability to unlock capacity and drive efficiencies to support volume growth on a normalized level, but again to your point, what you're pushing at is, you know, we're evaluating additional capacity in our network and that's just a function of the overall category growth that we continue to see.
Tom Werner: Yes, this is Tom. In terms of quality, kind of your first question, the industry is kind of on an even playing field. There is areas that are better. There is areas that are worse in terms of raw potatoes. So, I wouldn't attribute the volume growth, any raw quality advantages. It's all about getting ourselves positioned over the crop year to ensure that we have the raw potatoes available for our customers’ growth, and I've talked about this on this call at [indiscernible] but we're in a great position. So, it's not about the raw potatoes, it's about traffic and it's about the markets – in our global markets across the globe, the demand was just better than we expected and so it's really about what I talked about previously, we've had Q1, we had good traffic; Q2, we've seen an increase in traffic year-over-year. You know, so if that continues, then we're in a great position to support that.
Tom Werner: Yes. So, it's Tom. You know, consistent with what we've talked about in the past. Since we've been public, we have three priorities. First one is, we're going to continue to invest in this business and that means adding capacity and that costs $350 million to $400 million when we decide to pull that trigger.  Second, we are going to actively pursue M&A. And third, we return capital to shareholders. And so, I'm comfortable with where our leverage is. I think our investment rating right now gives us the opportunity to pursue potential M&A as we have in the past. Now, branded they've been a small bolt on acquisitions, but I want to make sure I've got plenty balance sheet capacity to do a potential big deal that comes around.  So, I feel good about where our leverage is and it gives us, you know with our cash flow we're returning shareholder – we were returning capital to shareholders with a dividend increase that we just recently announced and our share buyback program. And I want to have some balance sheet available in order to pursue opportunities in the marketplace.
Rob McNutt: Hi Andrew, it’s Rob. Again, as consistent we think we're prudent with our outlook. As you say, mid – at the high-end of the mid-single digits, we may be stretch it out further than you do, and you said 6, and I think you go to somewhere in the 7% range is more where we think that ends up. But again, going through those individual elements there, again, we're anticipating that we’re going to return to more normal growth rates in the back half of the year where we had accelerated growth rates, especially in our international business in the Global segment.
Rob McNutt: Yeah, Adam, this is Rob. The other thing I'd say related to that, Tom mentioned it in his comments that that – while the traffic maybe 1%, our weighting of customers in North America maybe a little stronger and that we’re weighted to the chicken side, maybe heavily, more heavily than the market and that's where they had outsized growth.
Rob McNutt: Yeah, Tom, this is Rob. In terms of our inflation. Again, as we've talked about before, we contract the vast majority, I mean, in the high 90s of our needs for the year. And as Tom mentioned in his remarks, before things started to run up, our guys did a great job of getting ahead of it and contracting for the remainder of the potatoes that we needed a small amount additional that we needed. And so, we're still targeting our COGS inflation to be really in-line with what it's been in the first half of the year. And so those kind of low-single-digit inflation.
Rob McNutt: It's more of the first, I would say, but again like I said earlier, we'll see how that all plays out. I've seen instances when we had situations like this with the raw in other areas of the world where everybody just managed through it. So, we just again have to be patient execute against what our plans are to take care of our customer needs and if there is customers that come to us, that are – want us to provide product and we'll evaluate that.
Rob McNutt: Yeah. Chris, this is Rob. We did have good gross margin performance and spot on. I mean, we had good pricing, especially in the Foodservice as you see, but really good cost control. I would say. And recall in Q1, we had some headwinds that we talked about in terms of operating inefficiencies and the plants not running particularly well. And so, a lot of that’s cleaned up and we operated better. We're still not all the way to bright through Q2, but a lot closer and so we cleaned up a lot of that, and so input cost inflation was managed well and then the operating level of the plants was a lot better.
Rob McNutt: Yeah, Brian, this is Rob. Again, as I talked about in prepared remarks that we did have good growth in the international side of our global business and then, and then good QSR growth here domestically. And then as we talked about our waiting in QSRs maybe some customers that had a little stronger growth rates. And so, I think that that contributes a lot of it and then as we look forward, again went through the comps and where we had some good LTO performance last year in the third quarter that we may not see this year in the third quarter.
Rob McNutt: Well, I'm not going to get into specifics. What I will tell you is, we're as active as we can be in the market.
Rob McNutt: Yeah Carla this is Rob. The maintenance level of CapEx we've talked about in the past has been in the 115 to 125 range, somewhere in that 120-ish range and really, the only thing that you may think to – think about is, Tom’s comment in the not too distant future. We're going to have to add some capacity. And so, think about it in those terms and we've talked about that in the past.
