Tom Werner: Thanks, Rob. As you can see, we are executing well across the organization. We delivered solid first half results, started up our new production line and have good visibility into how the rest of the year will play out. As a result, we are confident in our ability to deliver the higher sales and EBITDA targets in our updated outlook. We will continue to execute on our three strategic priorities focusing on specific customers, restaurant segments, and geographies, as well as expanding our range of product offerings through innovation, differentiating our global supply chain to strengthen our competitive advantage as a low cost producer and investing in additional capacity and acquisition opportunities to support growth. We are well-positioned to serve and grow with our customers, generate solid returns, and create value for all our stakeholders over the long-term. I want to thank you for your interest in Lamb Weston and we are now happy to take your questions.
Tom Werner: Right, Bryan, this is Tom. We’ve increased our outlook on what we think the overall category is going to grow based on, really the last 12 to 18 months in North America specifically. Our estimates are, the category has been growing between 1.5% to 2.5% and we expect that to continue. As you think through the big driver of that is the QSR space and as that continues to improve in traffic, we expect the growth in North America to be in the 2% range and globally, we are forecasting around 2% to 2.5% over the next four, five years.
Tom Werner: Yes, Bryan, I would say, certainly in terms of operating leverage as you run at the high utilization rates that we have, you get a benefit and I think, over the long-term, as we bring our capacity online, it’s going to be more balanced in terms of utilization rates that are more sustainable within our factories.
Tom Werner: Well, I think, in terms of the Richland capacity, there will be a bit of balancing upfront, Adam. But we expect, based on our outlook that we’ll fill that line up within the next 18 months and that’s the reason that we made the decision to invest in our Hermiston plant. So the second question you had in terms of that specific customer, we don’t publicly talk about individual customers. So, I’ll leave it at that.
Tom Werner: Andrew, this is Tom. I think, as we have in the past, we’ve been very disciplined over the last four, five years as we continue to analyze the category and think through category growth going forward. And as we get down the path in the next couple of years, and we continue to see the category grow at the rates we believe it will. Certainly, our intent is, as I’ve stated earlier, we continue to invest in this business and capacity investment in Lamb Weston has really good returns. We are focused on the category and that’s what we are going to continue to do over the long-term. So, to answer your question, yes, that’s going to be a continuation and the timing of that in the out years is going to be really dependent upon what’s happening in the category.
Tom Werner: Yes, Akshay, this is Tom. I think, our competitors are putting on capacity over the next couple of years. Certainly, with our announcement, we are adding more capacity. Our belief is, as we look at the category in total and the growth rates that have been happening in the last several years, we expect those to continue. The new capacity coming online, it will balance itself out just based on demand growth and the North America’s growth is better than we expected and the continued growth in some of the emerging markets. So, Akshay, I think, there may be pockets of imbalance over the next couple of years, but I don’t expect that to materially impact our pricing going forward.
Tom Werner: Akshay, let me give you a perspective. I’ve been around this business off and on for the past eight, nine years both directly and indirectly. And the only period where there was pressure in terms of the price side of it was after the 2008 financial downturn and that was just a function of – it seems, what was going on economically, but I would say, over the last three, four years, five years, has been very consistent in terms of volume growth and pricing discipline in the marketplace.
Tom Werner: Yes, Akshay. I would say, if you – as I think through the three strategies, it’s really a continuation of what we’ve been executing over the last 12 to 24 months. In terms of your question on where I see the most change, I am not going to get into all the specific details underneath these three strategies, but, we certainly have initiatives in place within each one of them that, that will deliver the business and the financials going forward. So, it’s not going to be a lot of dramatic change, I’ll tell you that. But it’s going to be very focused, disciplined, executing the business. We’ve got – really, the big thing is focusing on resources and setting the organization up to be successful going forward and just being very methodical and disciplined about executing against our initiatives underneath these strategies.
Tom Werner: Michael, this is Tom. The last two or three investments we’ve made in terms of adding new capacity, we continued to upgrade technology. We make improvements. So, four years ago, five years ago, we put in Boardman line. We took learnings from that and applied it to our Richland line and we have a lot of capabilities in terms of freight cuts, sizings on these lines. So it gives us flexibility. And we also, as we started up the Richland line, and have learned even more. We apply that to our next line in terms of the Hermiston blueprints and they are more efficient. They are more cost-effective. They are lower cost from just in terms of the technology that we invest in these new lines. So, to answer to your question, yes, they are more efficient lines and it gives us the ability as we look across our network and all the production facilities and lines. We have to really balance it out and help improve our profitability just based on the business mix we can move around in the factories.
Robert McNutt: Yes, I think, Bryan, this is Rob. The – again, as you would expect, as we move the top-line growth up, obviously, that’s going to impact, one, investment opportunities for us, but then, also going to impact the bottom-line. We are still in that same range in terms of EBITDA growth is what we are forecasting at this point.
Robert McNutt: Yes, Adam, this is Rob. The vast majority of that improvement in the equity earnings is out of Europe and again as you know or recall that last year, we had relatively high potato prices in Europe which impacted our cost structure. The guys in Europe were – the team in Europe was able to pass that through and as potato cost have come off this year, they’ve maintained it within Europe the pricing levels at those higher levels. So therefore expanded margins and so that’s the bulk of it. Where we’ve seen some pressure is and continue to see pressure is really in Middle Eastern export markets out of Europe and that continues to be a bit of a dogfight. But within Europe, itself, prices continue to remain relatively stable. Now, having said that, looking forward, based on historical practice, we are expecting some price pressure in Europe back half of this year and into early, maybe next fiscal year.
Robert McNutt: We did not give a - this is Rob. We did not give a total input cost inflation for the year. But as I mentioned in the prepared remarks that we do see higher inflation in the transportation and warehousing. In addition, in terms of the EPS impact, and earnings impact, we’ve got the extra depreciation load coming in. Now, having said all that, take the caveat, not around EBITDA but around EPS, we are still working out the impacts of the tax law changes.
Robert McNutt: Yes, this is Rob. In terms of that impact, I mean, clearly, as we’ve talked about the last couple of quarters that that we’ve really been running the assets hard and so we have capacity constraints. We pulled some out of inventory. But we’ve continued to look not only within each of the segments, but across the segments of where is the most profitable business, where our strategic customers in terms of the long-term growth customers, long-term profitable, most profitable customers. And so, that’s where you make those hard decisions to take out some of the more transactional business as lower margin when you get into these capacity constraints like this. Now that we have that relief, clearly we’ll continue to grow with our very profitable food service business and support those strategic customers in that businesses as we go forward. But I think it also allows us to open up some more capacity into more of the global segment. So we should get some of the growth back in the global segment as we look forward as Richland comes up, and as the Hermiston line comes up. And so, just as you look at balancing among the segments, clearly, we got some margin push overall here in the near-term. But as we bring this more capacity online, clearly that’s going to impact margins, still very profitable customers, but maybe not quite as profitable on those incremental customers, those incremental pounds as we’ve been able to get here recently.
Robert McNutt: Sure, Adam, it’s part of our playbook and it’s been – if you go back to Investor Day, we’ve specifically called that out in terms of capital allocation and it’s always going to be opportunistic. We are going to look at opportunities within the categories and as everybody knows, those things are hard to predict if and when they are going to happen. But the point is, when we have those opportunities, we are going to get involved in M&A and it’s part of our investor growth strategic pillar. In terms of the filters we go through, I am not going to get into all of that, right now. But, it’s more about – it’s part of our strategic pillar and we are going to have our ear to the ground within the category and if we have an opportunity, we are going to execute against that.
