Tom Werner: Thanks, Rob. Let me just quickly sum up by saying it was a solid quarter in the context of the current operating environment. And I'm proud of how our manufacturing, commercial and support teams that continue to focus on the right strategic and operating priorities to serve our customers. We're optimistic about a steady improvement in restaurant traffic and fry demand in most of our markets as well as our ability to control costs and manage through the pandemics impact on our operations. However, we do expect some choppiness and demand as the world continues to manage through the crisis. We remain confident that Lamb Weston is well positioned to emerge as a strong company once we get to the other side of the pandemic, and create value for our stakeholders over the long term. Thank you for joining us today. And we're now ready to take your questions.
Tom Werner: Yes, this is Tom. The important thing comparing to Q4, it's really about the volume returning. And because Q4, we just fell off a cliff in food service. And as you guys know, that's one of our stronger margin segments. So, it's a -- it's a combination of pricing flow through and really the restaurants re-openings and volume starting to recover in Q1 that really drove the sequential improvement.
Tom Werner: Well, yes absolutely. And it's, we had significantly lower volume in Q4. So it was a major component of it. And as you, as you look at, we talked about Q1, it's really volume and price flown through and volume returning as I said.
Tom Werner: I think you're spot on Chris. That one, we've got some cost carryover that we don't normally have in Q2. Q2 normally we're selling crop that was processed directly out of field, so no storage cost to it. And they're fresh potatoes, so they process better. So that's going to have some impact on our Q2 margin. And in addition, as I mentioned, I think in my comments that that recall the Q2 last year, we had strong performance in LTOs and other specialty products like that, that help on the pricing side.
Tom Werner: Yes, Andrew, it's predominantly spot pricing in certain regions in the -- in North America, and it's, it's a little, I'd characterize it this way. It's a bit more pronounced than normal. And like I said, everything overall from a pricing standpoint, is pretty stable. It's nothing that we haven't seen before. So we're watching it carefully. But obviously, with capacity available, we just need to manage through it and we will. The international side of it, the way to think about it, the pricing pressure is on the lower not the lower line flow type items. That's that we characterize as non-value added. So we play in that a little bit and a lot of these markets. But our most of our focus is on the value added, like Crisscut curly fry type items in the international markets, but it is getting competitive on the lower value than on value added side.
Tom Werner: Now, some of the some of the Q1- think about it this way, Andrew. In Q1, as we reopened up, a lot of our customers started rebuilding stocking inventory, because they dramatically decreased their orders. And you know, starting in March, April, May. So there was a restock happening kind of mid-May through June, and everybody trying to get caught up. And so I think, as I think about where we're at today, in terms of demand, it's been pretty stable at the levels that we talked to in the script. And the thing -- we got our eye on is as, as the weather changes, and you have flare ups and COVID hotspots, we certainly have data where we look at the markets that are potentially put more restrictions on, we're watching those ordering patterns very closely. So, those are a couple things that we continue to remain cautious about. We just got to work through it. And it'll actualize itself over the next 90 days, but we're watching it carefully.
Tom Werner: Yes, thanks, Bryan. In terms of deferring cost, I mean, that those inefficiency costs and the COVID costs and so on and so forth. Those are flowing straight through the inventory. Now, if you're asking about are we deferring any maintenance costs or things like that, that might bite us in future years, none of that; we continue to maintain our facilities as we normally do, and so nothing there. So really nothing that I would say gets deferred into out years. Now we did mention last, last call that we had deferred some expansion capital that we were looking at, but again, that's we'll reassess that as market recovers. In terms of freight costs, I've heard others have had challenged with some near term freight. We tend to contract a lot of our trucking, as opposed to play a lot in the spot market, where we'd had some freight volatility, maybe more in Q4 is in early in Q1 was as we were trying to catch up those inventories and hot shooting some things our rail, truck freight, had some negative impact to it, but that we've pretty well stabilized. And again, so because we contract the trucking, largely, we're not as exposed as maybe some others that you may have heard.
Tom Werner: Yes, Bryan, I -- I'm not going to get into a specific number on utilization rate, because it's, really a moving target right now. And, we if you think about playing less than obviously, our utilization rates below, were reading [ph] historically operated. But on top of that, we as we have shutdowns and start-ups over the past, since the pandemic started, it really muddies the waters on what your overall capacity is. Now, we know the absolute number historically. But it's about running production as much as you can, in light of the disruptions we're experiencing, and they've gotten a lot better. And we're getting, like I noted in my remarks, we're a lot better at adjusting and moving production around when we have a disruption to service our customers, which also there's a cost element to that. So, I think, I think as this becomes more stabilized. Bryan we’ll have a better understanding of the overall capacity utilization across the industry. And the competitive set is experiencing some of the same things that we are. So it's a bit of a moving target right now.
Tom Werner: Yes, I think that that again, as I said in prepared remarks that on our branded business, we continue to perform very well. And private label, we've, seeded some of that, that volume that started really in Q3 of last year. And so I think that our branded performance, I think is continues to be very strong. But that private label offsets our offsets as our overall sales out of the retail I think that that accurately reflects it. Now, category trends out of the retail stores. I mean, you get the Nielsen data as we do. And so you, you see those are continued to be pretty strong overall. But for us, it's that it's that mixed trade.
Tom Werner: Yes, Tom. I won't get into specifics on customers and LTOs. What I will say is, there's renewed interest across many of our customers. But those, obviously take some time to get through the innovation and then get it on menu. So more to come on that. But also say is, there's some renewed interest in it.
Tom Werner: Yes. Rob, I think overall, how I'll characterize it is right now, based on our overall demand forecasts were balanced from around like, the industry is kind of in the same spot. So as we do every year, as the our forecasts change, we quickly align that with our raw needs. And our Ag team does a great job canvassing our growing areas, and ensure that we're covered to serve as our customers. So I think everything's pretty balanced right now.
Tom Werner: Yes, Adam, in terms of the pricing negotiations with customers. I think what we were speaking to is that generally the pricing negotiations were consistent with expectations. And so I think there was some concern that some had expressed on our last call that there might be some pricing pressure and we just hadn't seen that. Now recognize that in our global business unit, those big chain customers, we tend, on average to have about a third of those contracts come up every year. And those contracts structures are different. Some have cost pass through elements, some have just cost inflation elements and so forth. And so that, that it's fairly variable in terms of how those contracts work. But I think overall, I think the read is that, that pricing in our marketplace for sales, continues to be in good shape stable from our expectations. On the raw side, the crops in good shape and we've got what we need to serve as our customers for this year.
Tom Werner: Yes, Adam it’s Tom. In terms of SG&A, we've -- early on, like we mentioned put a lid on stopped all non-discretionary spending and projects, and travel those kind of things, and we'll continue to do that. As sort of terms of levels of SG&A I think we target around 8%, 9% of sales. And, the -- with that said, as, as things continue to improve there's, some things we may choose to invest in within SG&A. But we'll manage that tightly like we have, and the team's done a good job putting the lid on cost of non-discretionary. In terms of ERP…
Tom Werner: We have like we do every time this year, we have a pretty good idea of working with our growers, strategic growers of potential open potatoes available, and we make decisions. We made decisions this year already to make sure that we have raw valuable based on the changing forecasts. And we'll continue to make those decisions throughout the course of the next 60, 90 and 120 days as things change. So there is some flexibility in the system and the whole industry does kind of the same playbook. So, like I said, we feel we've made some decisions to do some things to keep it balanced right now based on our latest thinking on how the demand is going to play out for the balance of the year. And we'll continue to evaluate it and we have a great ad team that has a very good understanding of what's available in the market. So I have no concern that we'll be if things improve dramatically. We have a plan in place to make sure we stay balanced.
Tom Werner: Yes, I think the way to think about it is, there was a period, where a lot of customers of all different sizes, were focused on many simplification, based on, the environment that unfolded in the last six months, and I think, now that now that there's a return of demand, the mindset was, some of our customers is a clarification. So that's, that's leading towards renewed discussions on LTO activity, and what that could look like for some of our customers. And every customer is different. So some are more aggressive on menu items than others and the, thing to remember is, once those discussions starts, it does take some time to get them in the marketplace and on menu.
Tom Werner: Yes so consistent to what I've talked about in the past. One of our strategic pillars is invest for growth, an important part of that is M&A. And we continue to canvass the industry. Even in the last six months, we're staying as in touch with opportunities as possible and it's a, it's an environment that may lead to some opportunistic M&A. And the great news is, Rob and his team have done a good job getting our, getting the revolver done in this environment, and building some additional debt. So we got cash on the balance sheet, got a lot of firepower, and if the opportunity presents itself, ready to play. So, we continue to do everything we can to move some forward and we're ready to go.
Tom Werner: Yes, I think from a retail standpoint, we feel good about our shelf space and facing. As Rob mentioned, the branded offerings on shelf are doing pretty well. And, we were continuing evaluating shelf set. So we feel good about all that. In terms of the food service, I'm not quite following your question.
Rob McNutt: Yes, in food service, Chris, that it's not a -- that that price increase comes through over time. I mean, it's not, it's not one customer. They're all different contracts. So they roll at a different time. So some of that has, a little bit more impact in Q1 than we saw in Q4.
Rob McNutt: I’ll take that Tom. In terms of the ERP, we have implemented released one of that ERP, which covered our financial reporting, covered our maintenance in the plants and covered our indirect procure to pay cycle. And that was that’s been implemented and is now operating and standard ERP exercise not perfect, but not horrible. It's all it's, it's fine and operating well, the team has done a great job with it. In terms of release two, that impacts more customer facing and inventory elements and in given the current environment. We're really stepped back from that. One, to let the key people in the business run the business in this challenging time, and two, just managing through the risk. So we're going through the assessment now to determine what the timing is to do that, but we haven't relaunched it at this point.
Rob McNutt: Yeah, that this is Rob. It -- that's so hard to determine, because what you're what you're trying to forecast there is how many infections you're going to have, where they're going to come on, what line and so how you shut that down. So I think that's a challenge to forecast. So the best that we can do is disclose what has happened and disclose enough of the detail and then, I'll let you do your own forecast on COVID in these in these spots.
