Robert McNutt: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone. As Tom noted, we’re pleased with our financial performance. Our underlying results in the first quarter were in line with our expectations and reflected good balance of sales growth, supply chain productivity and cost discipline to drive earnings and cash flow growth. Specifically, Lamb Weston delivered solid top line growth in the quarter with net sales up 5% to $817 million. Price/mix was up 3% as we continued to benefit from the impact of pricing and mix improvement actions taken in fiscal 2017, as well as pricing actions implemented this quarter. Volume grew 2% with increases across each of our business segment. Gross profit was up $16 million or 9% versus a prior year. Higher price/mix, volume growth and productivity drove the improvement more than offsetting the impact of commodity, manufacturing, transportation and warehouse cost inflation. Gross margin expanded 80 basis points to just over 24%. While we continue to target gross margin expanding for the full-year, gross margin in the second quarter maybe pressured by startup costs related to the new fry production line in Richland. We anticipate total startup cost will be about $5 million with the vast majority of that affecting the second quarter. SG&A expense in the quarter, excluding items impacting comparability was $57 million, that’s up $11 million or 24% versus a prior year. Essentially, all of that increase was related to incremental cost associated with building capabilities to operate as a standalone public company. We’ve made good progress building these capabilities and are continuing to fill certain support functions. As a result, going forward on a run rate basis, we expect to incur modestly higher SG&A cost than we did in the first quarter. Just a reminder and it’s important to note that in the first-half of fiscal 2017, we were still part of ConAgra and did not incur any standalone public company costs. When we provided our EBITDA guidance outlook earlier this year, we highlighted a pro forma adjustment that increased fiscal 2017 SG&A by $15 million in order to provide a more appropriate base line for 2018 results. Nearly, all of the $15 million adjustment should be applied to the first-half of fiscal 2017. Adjusted operating income in the quarter was up $5 million or 4% to $140 million, with the benefits of strong sales growth and gross margin expansion more than offsetting the increase in SG&A. Equity method investment earnings from our unconsolidated joint ventures increased to $20 million from about $11 million in the prior-year period. This increase included an unrealized gain of about $3.5 million related to mark-to-market adjustment associated with foreign currency hedging contracts.
Robert McNutt: Yes, Andrew, I would say over the course of the past couple of quarters, we have been able to address some of our maintenance needs in the factories. And we’ve done a great job supply chain team managing around that as we continue to service our customers. So we look for opportunities. At times, you take some downtime maintenance and address our – some of our maintenance issues.
Robert McNutt: Matt, I’m sorry, this is Rob. Just to add to Tom’s point on the volume ramp up also recognize we had some price increases that took place in Q2 and through the back-half of the year, especially in our Foodservice business. So the year-over-year comp is going to be a little tougher there as well, for both on volume and on price.
Robert McNutt: Yes, and thanks for the question. The – in terms of what we saw in the Global segment relative to the other segments, Global did not have as much of a year-over-year price improvement. And in fact, it’s much mix, I mean, when you think about price and mix, mix was – customer and product mix was a significant part of that improvement in the top line in Global. In terms of the cost inflation, yes, we are seeing some of that cost inflation showing up now. And where in the Foodservices business, we’ve got some price improvement over first quarter of prior year. We didn’t have as much of that in the Global segment. And so it just wasn’t enough to offset that inflation on a percentage basis.
Robert McNutt: Yes, Andrew, this is Rob, I’ll take that. In terms of capacity, if you look at what we did last year and we talked about it a little bit on prior calls, we did have some inventory build ahead of some planned downtime related to major capital projects in Boardman. And so we had built that inventory, and so that sucked up some of that production capacity and now we’ve been releasing that inventory as we’ve got through that Boardman product – project. And so, that’s really coming out of inventory and a lot of that, plus again the supply chain folks, the guys running the plants are – they have just done a super job and continue to maintain strong operating rate across the business.
Robert McNutt: Yes, this is Rob. In terms of the other segment, again, it’s non-core, but the key issue there was in the vegetable business, where prior year comp, we had a cost related to recall that hurt us in the prior year. And so the comp there is a real difference. The other piece is, as I’d mentioned, some mark-to-market on unrealized commodity contract gains.
Robert McNutt: In terms of price/mix and price is a significant component, because again, as I mentioned, that we had some price increases in the later part of prior year in fiscal 2017. And so that’s a significant component of that price/mix, but we also continue to and the team does a super job of, in these capacity constrained environment really, really getting the best bang for the buck in terms of capacity available. And so there are also some efforts around both customer and product mix improvement.
Robert McNutt: Yes, in terms of use of cash, I think as we’ve said consistently, this is a growth business and a growing business. We’ll continue to invest in the business, well within the band of our debt service or our leverage target, but still have some room there and we’ll continue to make the required debt pay down. And then, as always, we consider what the appropriate use of the remainder in terms of rewarding shareholders. And so those are conversations we continue to have with the board and don’t have anything specifically to speak to today. But we continue to consider that, but really first target is continue to invest in an attractive and growing business.
Tom Werner: Thanks, Rob. In summary, we’re pleased with our operating performance and our strong results in the first quarter. We’re executing well across the organization and remain on track to deliver our outlook for the year. We continue to implement our growth strategy to support our customer success with well-timed investments and new capacity and creating product innovation. While remain focused on growing with and serving our customers, while investing in and strengthening our capabilities, we’re well positioned to grow value for all of our stakeholders over the long-term. I want to thank you for your interest in Lamb Weston, and we’re now happy to take your questions.
Tom Werner: Thanks, Andrew, this is Tom. I would say right now we have line of sight about 75% of our volume renewed in that – in the Global business unit. And as I’ve stated in my prepared remarks, over the coming months, we expect to work through the remaining 25% of the contract renewals.
Tom Werner: Yes, Matthew, the way I think about it is that Q2 last year we had an extremely strong quarter. And I would characterize it in terms of – that’s when we were really running the factories full out across the board. So we’ve got a pretty strong comp coming at us this quarter. And the good news is, as we’ve stated, we’ve got our production capacity. We’re in the front-end of the startup and we’ll work through our vertical startup process over the coming months and we’ll have available capacity in the back-half of the year as we’ve stated the last couple of calls. That’s the – that is the big key for me for the balance of this fiscal year on top line.
Tom Werner: And as far as your question around the crop, as I’ve said, we feel pretty comfortable where it is right now. We certainly have to process the crop in the factories and understand, how that quality is going to process into our product base. And again, it’s – thinking about and monitoring the store ability of our crop going forward. But right now, as it sits, feel comfortable across historical averages.
Tom Werner: Yes, Akshay, it’s Tom. As we’ve gone through our pricing actions this year relative to what the inflation that we – our point of view is on 2018, we certainly consider that and that influences our pricing decisions. In terms of the outlook and forward inflation thought that we have, I’m not going to get into expectations on how we’re thinking about doing it at this point. But as we have in the past and will continue to do. When we take pricing actions into the market, we take that all into consideration as we’re thinking about the forward curve of our business cycle.
Tom Werner: I think, Akshay, it’s hard to compartmentalize this year versus last year. We’d have to go back and take a look at the overall percentage increases. We have a lot of moving pieces when it comes to pricing in terms of customers negotiations and we have different channels that we evaluate based on our overall cost complex and the market. And so it’s kind of comparing apples to oranges from year-to-year based on how I think about it.
Tom Werner: Sure, Akshay, the order of magnitude right now as I’ve stated, we think right now the crops going to be at historical average, so it’s right. What that means financially is, we believe it’s going to be right at our planned levels, but we still have the next 30, 60 days to evaluate overall performance in our factories and store ability, as I’ve said. And in terms of what happened a couple of years ago that was an extreme situation and the order magnitude, if I remember right, was in the neighborhood of $15 million to $25 million of downside.
Tom Werner: Yes, I will address it in terms of, we’re a quarter in the year and we’re taking a prudent approach. Certainly, everything you stated is positive at this point, but we have a – we have to get through the remaining contract negotiations with our customers. I want to feel completely comfortable with how the crops performing. And we will always, as we have in the past, take a prudent approach as we think through the outlook for our business going forward.
Tom Werner: Yes, the – in terms of Q1, we were really in line with our expectations. I mean, things like mark-to-market adjustments in currency and things like that, frankly, we don’t forecast and fall outside of that. But really within the base business operationally really pretty well on plan modestly above and then in our joint ventures again modestly above the plan in terms of how the business is operated.
Tom Werner: Thanks, Bryan. I feel pretty confident as we sit today and how the demand is going to continue pacing at levels we’ve experienced in the past. Again, as I’ve stated, the North America demand has picked up based on our customer mix and how we positioned our portfolio with our customers. So we’re aligned with customers that are winning in the marketplace domestically and as well as in Europe. I would say, in terms of the international markets, I’m extremely bullish on a number of different markets in which I met with customers recently and they have pretty aggressive expansion plans over the near-term. So as we sit today and I think about the category globally going forward, I’m confident that the demand is going to continue and as it has in the past on recent trends.
Tom Werner: Yes, this is Tom. It’s pretty similar to the U.S. and the team in our Lamb-Weston/Meijer joint venture has done a terrific job managing the balance of customer mix, product mix and pricing through the marketplace. We’ve had pressure in a couple of different markets, but overall and in general, it’s pretty consistent with how we operate our pricing plans in the U.S.
Tom Werner: And in terms of the coated product that’s progressing well and we expect that to be in market. So in calendar 2018, so that continues to move along. We’re excited about it. It’s a big opportunity for us. And I think, we believe it’s going to do well in the marketplace.
