Thomas Werner: Thanks, Dexter, and good morning everyone, and thank you for joining Lamb Weston’s Q3 earnings call today. Let me start by saying that we are pleased with our third quarter results and we remain on track to deliver on our full-year targets. The operating environment in the quarter was largely a continuation of what we’ve been experiencing over the recent past with overall solid demand for our frozen potato products across our customer base in both domestic and export markets, high levels of capacity utilization across the industry and modest cost inflation in our manufacturing base in North America. In this environment, we've continued to execute well across our organization with very close coordination between our supply chain and our commercial teams to ensure we provided our customers the products they need on time. In the third quarter, as we have over the past year, we continue to operate our manufacturing plants at a very high utilization rate and our overall capacity across the industry has remained tight. In the quarter, we also overcame the impact of some difficult winter weather in the Pacific Northwest where our factories and some of our finished good warehouses are located. While we did experience some challenges, I want to thank our supply chain team for minimizing the impact on our customers. This tight capacity environment has influenced our approach to the marketplace. Our commercial teams have done a great job taking actions to improve both product, and customer mix, as well as continued execution of the pricing actions we have taken earlier this year. This along with modest volume gains drove our topline and profit growth in the quarter. Specifically while volumes grew just under 1% in the quarter, net sales were up 5% due to a higher price mix while gross profit was up 14%. As you know, we've been running at full capacity this year and accordingly we will have little incremental capacity to drive volume growth as we begin to lap some strong volume growth quarters in the near-term. I am pleased to report that all of our capacity expansion programs remain on track. As we strategically continue to invest in our business to meet the growing demand of our customers. First, our 50 million pound chopped and formed production line in Boardman, Oregon recently began operational startup. Second, we are on target to have our 300 million pound French fry line in Richland, Washington operational by late calendar 2017. As an aside after recently visiting the new fry line facility, I can say that we are making great progress and there is a tremendous amount of enthusiasm at the factory and across the organization with both expansions and our continued investment for growth in Lamb Weston. Third, in Europe our Lamb-Weston/Meijer joint venture new fry line in Bergen op Zoom in the Netherlands became operational in November. And finally, the joint ventures investment in a new factory in Russia remains on schedule to open in early 2018. In addition to the contributions of our supply chain and commercial teams, our corporate and functional teams are making good progress against our post-spin Transition Services Agreements and we are on track to be off these agreements as initially scheduled. The Lamb Weston team is in place and I'm confident in our ability to capitalize on the opportunities that lie ahead in this category that's growing globally to operate with excellence and to create value for all our stakeholders. With this solid foundation built across our supply chain commercial and support teams, we are well positioned to continue to grow by building on our strong relationships with our customers, our capacity investments, our innovation capabilities and our global footprint. Now let me turn the call over to Rob to provide the details on our results.
Thomas Werner: Thanks Rob. I wanted to touch briefly on our capital priorities and then our outlook for the balance of the year. As we've stated previously, we believe our balance sheet and cash flow will support a balanced capital allocation policy based on returns and executed with discipline. Our priorities remain, first, to invest in growth both organic and through M&A and as you can see our current capacity expansion projects attest to our commitment to invest in and support growth. Second, we’ll continue to support our dividend, we currently pay a $0.75 dividend on an annualized basis. And third, given that we are making good progress towards the low end of our leverage target through EBITDA growth as well as our elevated CapEx need this year, we don't anticipate paying down debt beyond what is required in the near-term. We will evaluate alternative uses of excess cash as we continue to grow and return to more normalized CapEx level and will provide more thoughts on this down the road. Finally, turning to your outlook, with our solid third quarter results, we are on track to deliver the targets that we provided on our last earnings call. We continue to expect net sales to grow mid single-digits with a good balance between price mix and volume for the year. We also continue to anticipate adjusted EBITDA including unconsolidated joint ventures to increase at a mid-teens rate. This reflects strong adjusted operating income growth partially offset by a lower contribution from our unconsolidated joint ventures. In addition, we continue to see total interest expense of about $60 million including a significant year-over-year increase in the fourth quarter. For adjusted diluted EPS, we continue to expect it to be in the range of $2.20 to $2.28 per share. As so you can see we delivered a strong third quarter and year-to-date results. The Lamb Weston team is executing with excellence in a favorable operating environment and we remain on track to deliver on our full-year commitments. We are taking the appropriate actions to drive sales growth, improve mix and expand margins in the near-term, while continuing to invest and strengthen our capabilities to support our growth and our advantage cost position over the long-term. I want to thank you for your interest in Lamb Weston and now we're happy to take your questions.
Thomas Werner: Sure. Andrew, this is Tom. In Q4, we're expecting to see year-over-year gross profit growth and gross margin expansion and solid year-over-year sales growth. I would say we are seeing a bit of inflation in the fourth quarter. We’ll have increased SG&A. We’re going to have a full quarter of interest expense that’s certainly impacting the quarter, I would say the business fundamentals remain strong. As they have we expect a continuation of some good pricing in the quarter, but we do – so our year-over-year will be – in the quarter we’ll see growth both top and bottom line.
Thomas Werner: Sure, Andrew, I just to reset our expansion on the big fry line is set to come online towards the end of this calendar year. Obviously there's always a startup curve when you're turning on a new production line and so our anticipation is as we ramp up and become operational, we'll have volume opportunities slanted towards the back half of our fiscal 2018. And certainly Andrew as we think about selling out the line, I fully expect the incremental volume depending upon what segment we sell that production line to be at current gross margins and/or better and we're certainly going to look at opportunities to improve our customer mix and our product mix as we start running that line here at the end of the calendar year.
Thomas Werner: Sure. Akshay, this is Tom. I would say I'm not going to get into the specifics on our volume and percent. I will tell you the pricing actions we've executed this past year, we're seeing flow through the P&L obviously and the other thing is like I previously stated, we contract with our customers every year. There's a lot of variability in terms of timing. And so I will tell you that the teams are doing a great job, managing all the dynamics within our customer and what's going on in the industry. So that typically as we do every year, we work through the process and the timing of that and we've got a great plan to execute against our pricing actions.
Thomas Werner: Sure, Akshay I’ll try and answer all your questions there. Yes, I do expect this environment to continue; certainly we've anticipated the tightness in the industry and have invested in our business ahead of our competition. I would say in terms of continued margin expansion, we are working extremely hard on evaluating our product mix and our customer mix and looking for opportunities to execute in those two areas to continue to drive our margin expansion. Like I said earlier, we expect continued year-over-year margin expansion for the balance of this year and we're always going to look at opportunities to drive more profitable growth in the business. In terms of our competitions announcement of capacity, we certainly have an eye and an ear on what's happening with our competition. We can't control what they're doing and the team, the management team we’re focused on executing our business priorities and as we have opportunities in the marketplace we're going to pursue them.
Thomas Werner: Sure. Matt, I will tell you, as we have seen in our – I’ll just characterize it, Asia markets; we've seen pretty solid growth throughout the whole year and even in the quarter. So I feel really comfortable about the opportunities in Asia markets, they've been growing at a pretty good rate over the past four years or five years as I communicated I think on Investor Day. So we’ve a continuation of that growth and I expect that to continue going forward.
Thomas Werner: Well Matt, I think we're seeing a full effect in that segment of all the actions we've taken over the past 10 months now I'd say. So I think it is a condition of the industry and what's happening right now, but we certainly are benefiting from it, there's no question about it. And we're being prudent and some of that we are focusing on mix and customer mix as well. So pricing is a big element of it, but the industry in general is benefiting from it as well.
Thomas Werner: Sure, Adam. I’ll tell you we are right smack in the middle of our potato contracting negotiations and I'm not going to get into where all that is played out because we have not completed it across our growing networks. So as we do every year once we have all of our grower contracts negotiating and pricing across our growing areas locked down, we step back and assess the impact of that from a cost perspective and that is one component of it and it's a big component of our overall cost structure. But as Rob alluded to, we have a number of different other inputs that we're seeing inflation year-over-year and as we put all the pieces together over the balance of the next coming months, I will step back, take a look and take the appropriate action that we need to do to that continue to drive our business.
Thomas Werner: Sure. Again our capacity be online at the end of the calendar year, there is a certain startup timeframe and it does take some time to fill that capacity up. So it will ramp up over the balance of the back half of next fiscal year. And as I stated earlier, we are going to look at the best opportunities in terms of meeting our customer demands. We've got some international growth coming that we still see happening. So it really depends on the opportunities to fill that line up, but it is a process and it does take some time to ramp that capacity up. The other thing, your other question in terms of…
Thomas Werner: Yes. We haven't seen a significant change in food service in terms of our Lamb Weston brands versus private label from a percentage standpoint has been pretty flattish.
Thomas Werner: Sure. Bryan, I would tell you generally how I'm thinking about the industry and capital, it has not changed in my mind. There's certainly been some competitive announcements that we're keeping a close eye on, but as we get to a what I'll call a more normalized capital expenditure level, we will continue – we will evaluate our cash and determine what's in the best interest to return that to the shareholders going forward, but that will be happening over the coming months as we work through some of our strategic initiatives.
Thomas Werner: Sure. Bryan, I'll tell you in generally if you look at the foods, the restaurant industry, there is an increase in menu costs. So there's no question about it based on the data that we analyze. I don't know specifically from customer-to-customer what their actions are, but overall you can see it in the industry data that there is inflation in the restaurant industry.
Robert McNutt: Akshay, this is Rob. The other question you asked was inflation on non-potato conversion cost. What we’ve seen is kind of low single-digit in bits and pieces there and as you see the economy generally starting to tighten up, you see it in things like freight up a bit; packaging, if you look at the forecast there are up a bit. And so, again, we're looking at low single-digit kind of inflation where things have been flat in more recent quarters.
Robert McNutt: Okay. Thanks Chris, this is Rob. In terms of building inventory, we are going to take some normal maintenance downtime as we do really every year later in our crop year and so some of that’s to come and so some of that will be replacing that kind of inventory or that downtime and so not necessarily incremental sales growth off of that as much. The other piece is we’re building some inventory related to some capital downtime that will have later in the year.
Robert McNutt: Yes, just in terms of SG&A, Q2 to Q3, I think you're looking at sequentially and recognizing Q2. We took a bit of a catch up adjustment on incentive comp. So it really included Q1 and Q2 catch up on the incentive comp as we had better insight and how the year was going to turnout and so not as much of the incentive comp flowing through in Q3. That's one component of it. The other significant component that’s down a little bit sequentially is A&P down a couple of million dollars it's really more just timing issues than anything else we still see that blown out for the year. Key point is that year-over-year standalone costs increase is still in that $10 million to $15 million range and we're still have line of sight consistent with what the company communicated Investor Day in terms of SG&A.
Robert McNutt: We're not quite there yet, but we're getting a lot closer and really we anticipate by year-end will be pretty much there although probably not fully reflected in Q4.
Robert McNutt: Yes. Carla, this is Rob. We will have some carryover from the Richland project in the next year and it's going to be fairly front-end loaded. I think at Investor Day, the Company talked about $150 million to $200 million range for next year and we're still within that range maybe in the middle of that range frankly as we refine it. In terms of maintenance levels of CapEx kind of the steady state CapEx for the investor base that we've got today is in the $100 million, $110 million range.
