Dexter Congbalay: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Lamb Weston’s first quarter 2022 earnings call. This morning, we issued our earnings press release, which is available on our website lambweston.com.  Please note that during our remarks, we'll make some forward-looking statements about the company's expected performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our SEC filings more details on our forward-looking statements.  Some of today's remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for, and should be read together with our GAAP results. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations in our earnings release. With me today are Tom Werner, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bernadette Madarieta, our Chief Financial Officer. Tom will provide some comments on our performance, as well as a brief overview of the current operating environment. Bernadette will then provide details on our first quarter results and fiscal 2022 outlook.  With that, let me now turn the call over to Tom. 
Dexter Congbalay: I can - hey, Tom, it's Dexter. You had a sizable gain. I think last year, it's still in mark-to-market and that flows to other and the gain in mark-to-market this year is smaller. 
Dexter Congbalay: Oh, no, no, no, no. I have to look that up again. But it's not that. It's much small of that. I mean, the details on that will come out in the K offhand. But we'll circle back to you on this call to give you the answer on that. But we're just looking up real quick. 
Dexter Congbalay: Hey, Rob. Okay hold on for a second. I just want to close off Tom's question on of the other product margin. 
Dexter Congbalay: Year-over-year, we are - reported basis down 20, ex mark-to-market were down 4. So as you can see the biggest swing is due to the mark-to-market in this year and last year and from an operational basis again down $4 million. That's due to higher manufacturing cost and lower volumes from the vegetable - in our vegetable business. Sorry, Rob. 
Dexter Congbalay: Great. Thanks for joining today. Happy to take some follow-up questions, if you would, just please send me an email that we can schedule something for either later this week, but today - later this week or sometime next week.  I appreciate the time. Thank you. 
Tom Werner: Thanks, Bernadette. Let me just sum it up. We feel good about the near-term recovery demand in the U.S. and our key international markets, as well as the long-term health and growth of the category. We are taking the necessary steps with respect to pricing and continuing to focus on stabilizing our supply chain to mitigate near-term operational headwinds and improve profitability.  We are on track with our recently announced capacity investments to support our customer and category growth, as well as our long-term strategic and financial objectives.  Thank you for joining us today. And now we are ready to take your questions. 
Tom Werner: Yes. So the pricing - this is Tom Werner. The pricing generally, we have priced through to offset inflation across the portfolio. It's the matter of timing. So as we've stated, we'll start realizing some of that here in Q2, but the full impact of our pricing actions across our segments will start to realize in Q3 and that's pretty typical in previous years.  And one of the things that impacted this quarter is, we got behind on it, quite frankly. So we are catching up. And as we evaluate the go-forward, we are closer to it. We are taking a number of different actions, particularly in our freight area to pass those cost through based on freight availability and managing customer service.  So we've adjusted and we'll evaluate it going forward and determine based on how inflation is coming at us, we'll react a lot quicker. 
Tom Werner: Yes. Adam, so the goal is to continue to price through inflation and at levels we historically do. So that's number one. Number two, the 2022 crop, I'll comment on that as we do - as we get through negotiations on how that shaping out for the next crop year. And the thing I would just want to remind everybody is we are dealing with a challenging crop.  There's no question about it. And we'll work through it. We are focused on all the right things. The good news in this business, we get started all over for next crop. So we'll manage through as best as we can. We're focused on all the right things. But as things start playing out, like I said to the previous questions, we'll evaluate additional actions we need to take to price through inflation. 
Tom Werner: Yes. So, this is Tom. The international business has been with the container shortages challenges on the ports and the exports and even the containers coming in. We're essentially allocated a certain number of containers. So, we're managing to that level based on our freight partners. And every day is a little bit different.  So the team is doing a good job, making sure we're allocating the product to our key customers internationally, but it's a challenge. And on the flip side to that, that does as we look at our forecast, weekly, we are managing the pile on production and other customers domestically to ensure they are getting their products.  So, it's a really dynamic situation with the containers and even the trucking and the rail and all those things. But essentially, we're managing through what we can ship based on our allocation of containers and that's what we're dealing with. And as that frees up and we get more containers available that will help the exports to our international markets. 
Tom Werner: Yes, Rob, it's a fluid situation right now, because we're right in the middle of main crop harvest. So, obviously, we are – we’ve got – we are getting an early read like I said on how the quality and the yields are. We really won't have a clear view until the end of this month on what the overall potato yields, what that means, we have an idea. And I'd rather - as I do every year, in January, give you clear understanding.  So right now, it’s - we're just learning how the main crop is going to perform as we harvest and how it's running through the plants that will have more info on that in January. 
Tom Werner: And then, last year, Q4 was such an anomaly, because that's the first quarter that was really impacted by the pandemic. And a lot of the perspective we sold a lot less branded product during that quarter as inventories were destocked. 
Tom Werner: Yes, Andrew, I think the - how you framed up, what we talked about in the 20 – the worst crop historically was 14. So, your numbers around $25 million to $30 million are right. And secondly, Andrew, it is too early to frame it up in terms of what the overall financial impact is going to be. And what I will say is, it's worst.  This crop is going to be worse than the previously worst crop ever. So the financial impact will put some guardrails around it in January as we get it harvested and we're running it through the plant and we understand what we are dealing with. 
Tom Werner: Yes, Andrew. I am a 100% confident over - we don't have any structural issues in the company and everything you're poking at, we focused on addressing labor challenges. Bernadette made a number of references of what we're doing differently and we're seeing progress. It's just slow going. The thing that will take time is even within our supply chain and our supplier’s supply chain is disrupting our production and driving inefficiencies in our plants that we're doing a number of things to address that, as well.  And from last summer to now, it's just going to take more time. We are seeing progress. It's not as fast as we or any of us want. But as I think through the next three quarters, where we will be a year from now, with the things we're doing in the company in terms of addressing inflation, adjusting how our supply chain, we're focused on our supply chain differently, some of the actions we're taking.  And a year from now, we're in a new potato crop and that's going to be hopefully back to average normalized levels. We will have certain amount of probably inflation over that time that we will address. But everything we're doing it's going to take time, Andrew.  And the category is very healthy. And so, we're preparing for to - with the number of capacity investments that we're doing right now, our long-term strategy sound, it's just we're going to be a little choppy in the near-term, but the things we're doing operationally, I'm a 100% confident. It may take more time than any of us want. But we're addressing all the right things. 
Tom Werner: Similar to August, yes, it's pretty similar to August. I mean, it's softened a bit, but it's kind of leveled out. 
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. Thanks for your question. The 5 to 8 basis points that we referenced, a lot of that is due to the potato crops. So the things that I mentioned that has changed is we've got a worst potato crop than we've seen in many years. There is a couple of things that we are doing as I mentioned in terms of SKU rationalization and the products spec changes that we are doing that we are hoping to offset some of that impact on cost. But most of that is related to a poor crop.  And then the other thing that I mentioned is that we had previously anticipated the inflation would gradually ease and we do no longer expect that. So, we've given the guidance of 5 to 8 points, but we will come back in January and we'll update that further depending on what we learn more about the crop as we typically have done. 
Bernadette Madarieta: Well, I think the outlook in July we said we were approaching our normal margins, which is the 25% to 26%. And so, now we are saying, it's 5 to 8 points below. 
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. A lot of that – This is Bernadette, Rob. A lot of that is mix-driven. And then, what we see in the foodservice side is, we're not going to see a lot of those pricing increases effective until second quarter and then more in third quarter as we discussed. But, then again, two, we are seeing increases in our non-commercial segment in first quarter relative to the fourth quarter. We are now 70% to 80% there. So, a lot of its mix. 
Bernadette Madarieta: What I was just going to add that, the portfolio optimization that I talked about, that's just going to benefit us even more into fiscal 2023 and then the increases in productivity around a lot of those cost reduction programs around Win As One. Again, that should just continue to gain momentum into fiscal 2023, as well. 
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. So, the way I'd answer that, Peter is, a lot of the decrease that we've explained in terms of the five to eight points, that's taking into consideration that SKU rationalization and the spec modifications. So, the impact of the crop is what is significantly decreasing our margin estimate.  And then, we are looking to get some gains on that to get to the five to eight basis point decrease with the SKU rationalization and product spec modifications. Otherwise, it could have been even greater without that, is the way I would explain it. 
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. So for second quarter and the sequential improvement that we're expecting to see there, generally, our lowest margin quarter is our first quarter. And even though the crop is not what it has been in the previous years, we are going to get some benefits in the second quarter of running out of field and not having to move those potatoes to storage before we start running those through.  And then additionally, these other actions that we're taking in terms of further SKU rationalization, we're going out with our second round of those and then the product spec changes. We're expecting to see some benefit from that and should see an increase from Q1, which again is our lowest margin quarter historically. 
Bernadette Madarieta: And what I'd say there, Peter, is that, that foodservice demand is there and we are seeing just difficulty in some respects in making sure that we can provide that product given the lower throughput that we're getting through the plants. 
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes, Matt, as I referenced, the way we're looking to mitigate that is with some of our product spec changes and the other things that we are doing by working with our customers. 
Rob Dickerson: Yes. No problem, Dexter. Great. Thanks. I guess just first question. It sounds like upfront you said, demand is kind of overall maybe around 5% lower than it was pre-pandemic, but maybe shipments are a little bit lower, just kind of given all the supply chain issues.  So, as you then speak to trying to stabilize, the supply to improve the cost situation going forward, like how do you kind of view that shipment piece relative to demand? Because demand seems strong maybe you are - kind of you are underperforming a bit relative to that demand equation. But it sounds like there is obviously good line of sight how to get there. So I'm just kind of curious as the cadence after the year? Thanks.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Great. And then Tom, maybe just – now that just a question on kind of broader competitive dynamic. I heard some people say, maybe including yourself a bit kind of given your geographic sourcing focus then maybe you might be in less of a kind of beneficial competitive position versus just some of the other larger processors.  That being said, I've also heard some of the other processors say kind of not so fast just given where demand is and kind of where kind of overall crop that’s coming in that's supply in general could just be short, right? Not just for you. So, just curious if you can provide any color basically your perspective around kind of where you stand potentially in this environment relative to some of the other players that you are aware of in the market? And then I have a quick follow-up. 
Rob Dickerson: Okay, fair enough. And then just a quick technical question. In the Foodservice division in Q1, price mix was up 1%. Obviously, there was some material deceleration in outlook with what we saw in Q4, which is likely very mix-driven. So just any clarity as to kind of how we should think about that going over on the mix side just given the delta Q1 sorry, Q4 to Q1? Thanks. 
