Tom Werner: Thanks Rob. Let me just quickly sum up by saying while the near-term environment will be volatile. We believe that the restaurant traffic will gradually recover to pre-pandemic levels by the end of calendar 2021. We'll continue to focus on the right strategic and operating priorities to serve our customers and build upon the long-term health of the category in order to create value for our stakeholders. Thank you for joining us today and we're now ready to take your questions.
Tom Werner: Yes, Andrew. So I think, right now, the industry - we're all navigating through the pandemic. And from Lamb Weston standpoint, our strategy has not changed. And while we have paused a few things that we are thinking about pre-pandemic, I will tell you that we're actively engaged in some projects and it's all of our positioning this company, as we believe the demand is going to return by calendar year. And if you think about 18 months from now, we got to be ready to capture share demand across the whole globe. So while we have paused a few things, we have reengaged in some things, projects that we are working on and we're going to move those forward to get ourselves in position 12 months to 18 months from now to capture the demand that we believe is going to come back to pre-pandemic levels.
Tom Werner: Yes. One of our competitors, they're in the process of expanding capacity that they were working on pre-pandemic. From our standpoint, again, we've got some things that we're moving forward and the right time and we'll do all the work around it. We will make that decision. The other thing that - one of the silver linings with all this is, we've really focused internally on our efficiency and operating efficiencies within our current footprint. And it's giving us visibility to opportunities we believe within the current manufacturing footprint to unlock capacity. So that's something that the supply chain team in Lamb Weston is focused on. We have a big initiative within supply chain to unlock capacity and drive efficiencies. And if you think about, Andrew, the timing of new capacity versus what we have in our current footprint, I'm not 100% confident that with our supply chain initiative unlock, hidden capacity in our current footprint that we're absolutely in a great position as demand returns to support not only our current customers as their business returns, but also future demand and category growth. So I feel we're really in a position. But again at the right time, we got to make those decisions in terms of getting ourselves ready for demand resurgence 18 months, 24 months out.
Tom Werner: Yes. We don't necessarily disclose that. But to Rob's point, it's the lower line flow, what we call it, so it's really not a material piece of our business. The point is, it's more pronounced in Asia and the Europeans are being competitive in Asia and it's not one market, specifically, it's random markets in Asia and our teams did a good job trying to hold serve. But when you get no situations, customers are going to think about going to different direction. But we're watching it closely. It is more pronounced than it has been, but I will say, it's nothing that we're not used to dealing with. It's just more aggressive. And the team will work through it and capture opportunities where we can.
Tom Werner: Yes. I'll talk to this patterns and Rob you can hit the margin. If you think back through the initial start of the whole pandemic, our business evaporated. We’re down 60% in total, 50%, 60%. So as we look over this next quarter, while we're seeing softness in some of the channels specifically foodservice. I don't believe it's going to be anywhere near was when all these things started. Now that said, we gave guidance on what's happening through December. And I think that's going to be where it plays out over the next 30, 60 days we get winter things are open it back up. The most important thing for us to be prepared for the opening back up and we learned a lot of lessons last spring, as a management team and myself personally that we have to be ready. And what does that mean, it means if you think about April, May make - we're taking some measures right now to ensure we've got the right inventory, the right products, so wind demand snaps back, which we believe it will in the spring and start increasing we can service our customers. All the while recognize that we're still dealing with manufacturing operating issues because of COVID in terms of efficiencies. So on the one hand while, so things are slowing down in some areas. On the other hand, it's a great opportunity for us to get ourselves positioned to meet demand on this thing snaps back. So the near term is going to be volatile, but as we come out, get in the spring and summer, and you got vaccines and this thing hopefully starts getting behind us. I believe there's going to be some pent-up demand for people to get out, go out again. And so we're going to be prepared for that.
Tom Werner: Yes. I think my point of view is, I believe the industry's balance from Lamb Weston standpoint where we're balanced. I feel good about where we're at on raw availability and what we have in storage to meet the needs, Even if there is demand, I think we're in good shape. The thing that we're working on right now is to make sure we got the right inventory levels of product that was really pulled when the economy open back in May, June. And so we've got data and we can look and see what the customers, the products they were, we were shipping to all, so we're positioning those products to have a different level of safety stock, if you will to anticipate that. And I think we're in good shape from finished good inventory raw inventory. The thing to remember is the timing of whether it's April-May or June, the timing of consumer demand going out to eat more or maybe it's further down the road, we will manage it and we can manage our production schedules, we can manage inventory levels. So those things we could do and have done it, always do just to manage the supply and demand side of it. And so I feel good about where we're at. Now, like I said, we're getting ourselves prepared for demand returns as we get through Q3, and I think the company of being in shape and will react as needed just based on the ordering signals we're getting from our customers.
Tom Werner: Yes. I would say that in the QSR side, the big QSRs that demand seems to be just fine there. They figured out the model, and they're leveraging the drive-throughs and so forth. And there are other parts of that business, that sell to more sit-down restaurants and that's going to continue to look like our Foodservice. And then, in our international sales, okay, again that varies by country. We cited China and Australia being relatively strong, but there are some other international locations, which aren't strong. European to take you now, recognize Europe's not in our sales line. It's down in the equity earnings. And so, in Europe, the QSR don't have to drive through, so we'll have some headwinds there just because they don't have the same model.
Tom Werner: Yes. We don't specifically talk about customers and negotiations. What I will tell you is just like every other year we go through contract season with our customers, so to speak. And just like last year, just like the year before, this year we kind of came through as we expected and so that's generally where we ended up.
Tom Werner: Well, the contracts, as I stated earlier were - that we talked about and worked on this year and got negotiated we're at what we expected. And we don't necessarily get into the economics of that, so it's just we go through it, just like we do every other year. And there are some contracts that we have that there is inflationary pricing mechanisms that are adjusted every year and those contracts are in place, automatically the changes based on inflation just gets pass-through, so it's where we're at, just take every other year nothing's really changed.
Tom Werner: Yes. Bryan, I'm not - but that I'm going to address the crop. As we do every year, we don't get into specifics, until we get through the negotiating which that's happening as we're talking here. So down the road, July, October we'll talk about what the overall crop looks like and economics of all that, just like we do every year, so...
Tom Werner: You can understand is, I'm not going to get into a lot of the specifics of some of the things we're working on. We do have a full pipeline. I will tell you one thing that we are accelerating is our Crispy on Delivery offering and we came out with that about 15 months, 18 months ago and we're applying that technology to some different fry formats. So with the - and it's right in the sweet spot of delivery and drive-through and all those kind of things and we're getting some traction on it. It's a small base, but it's the growth on Crispy on Delivery is accelerating.
Tom Werner: Yes, Chris. Like I said earlier, we're very well balanced with raw needs based on our latest forecast for the remainder of the year. So I feel very comfortable where we're at. And just in terms of the raw cost impact with the demand change last spring-summer, we made a decision to store and around potatoes longer than we ever had. And the implications of that is you just don't get the yield that we're used to based on in stores longer and it's just as a perform in the factories as well as the laundry storage. So we're through all that. Going forward with the current crop in storage, we will process that on a normal timeline as we have in previous years, so it was just a one-off thing. It was a decision based on the change in demand to utilize the old crop longer. So it's, but that's all behind us now.
Tom Werner: No. We're not seeing anything, any change that's driving demand. The interesting thing Chris that we - I wish to look at all kinds of different data. The encouraging thing is the importance of fries on menu is at an all time high. Now in theory if you say look if that holds as demand returns that's going to further add to overall French Fry demand going forward. And that's an interesting thing that we're monitoring, right now to understand and whether that holds or not remains we seen, but again, you look for positive in this and that's one thing that is really intriguing to us, because that could be, if it holds to the level that's holding on the importance, menu importance that's going to elevate demand even further than what we believe it's going to come back by the end of the calendar year, which is close of pre-pandemic levels.
Tom Werner: Yes. This is Tom. The team we're always talking to potential new customers, obviously, with the demand change those are more difficult. A lot of the customers that we have embark to is, initially, it was about assured supply, so kind of we got all that settled down as we go through the pandemic and our team, our sales team, are on the ground searching for new opportunities. And that really hasn't changed from a market standpoint.
Rob McNutt: Yes, Adam, this is Rob. In terms of the pricing internationally, it is a mix of where that's coming from, the competitive, some of that in some markets where there is some of that lower end production is coming from local producers just run in the cash flow and some of it is coming from excess capacity in Europe. Similarly, in the U.S., again, it's in that lower end value market and we have seen some increases from the Europeans. That is certainly having some impact in that limited part of the market.
Rob McNutt: Yes. Rob, the other point, I'd make or the distinction, initially when the pandemic first hit demand it - it's felt like when I have perfect insight into the downstream distribution through the channel, but it felt like they were working with old models and so the orders continue to come even as an end-user demand was coming off. We're seeing a quicker adjustment in that now. And so I think as we've learned, they've also learned and so that I'm not concerned about downstream channel being overloaded.
Rob McNutt: This is Rob. In terms of our overall performance again, the Foodservice business, that's where we expect to see the snapback. As we talked about the QSRs have largely kind of held their own. So really in the Foodservice is where we'll see a lot of that strength. And so, and then some of those international markets where we've talked about that has been a little more challenge. And so those are the areas where we think we'll see the strength. And again, as Tom talked about in terms of the capacity unlock that supply chain team is working on, while we haven't spent the capital for a new line per se. The guys are figuring out some ways to get some capital out. So if you think about that, the ability to service that capacity. I think our international sales team is well set up and well positioned. And we've talked about our Foodservice sales team with that direct sales model movement to being in a favored position relative to maybe some of our competitors who are more broker oriented that adjusted their service model, a little bit cost of that and so we do feel good that we'll have relative opportunities.
Rob McNutt: Yes, Bryan, it is Rob. If you think about it, I mean a lot of that is driven by energy fuel whether it's diesel to run the tractor, whether it's gas going into fertilizer production, things like that and those tend to move together. You've mentioned edible oils specifically, and yeah, there has been a little bit of an upswing in the market, recognize we do hedge and so - and enter into longer-term contracts in that. And so if you put all that together, I think that low-single digit inflation overall is what we're looking at in the near term. And as Tom said, as we go through raw negotiations, we'll see how that comes out.
Rob McNutt: Yes. This is Rob. In terms of the detail of that cost, we've really concluded that those are just part of our operating cost now. And frankly, if you go back to the first quarter and then when we took a write-off on raw and we were shutting down lines for a long period of time. They were really easy to carve out. We did give some detail on like what the increased sanitation protocols and so forth and PPE and so forth are in the plants and that continues on. The rest of it, as you bring in lines up and down. It's become more difficult to really separate out what's operating versus COVID. And so just embedded into our cost structure on an ongoing basis now and so, it clearly our cost structure should improve as the virus gets less and less. And we have less impact on our pruning, and so forth. It's just gotten to the point where it's part of our normal operations of our business and embedded in our costs. So we're not breaking that out.
Rob McNutt: Yes. In terms of the storage cost that was just the carryover from old crop. We got through the manufacturer that crop in the first and early part of the second quarter. And so, sitting in inventory and then sold and we're out of that now in the second quarter. So we shouldn't see that as a headwind going forward.
