Dexter Congbalay: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Lamb Weston's third quarter earnings call. This morning we issued our earnings press release, which is available on our website lambweston.com. Please note that during our remarks, we'll make some forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our filings with the SEC for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with our GAAP results. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations in our earnings release.  With me today are Tom Werner, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Rob McNutt, our Chief Financial Officer. Tom will provide an overview of our performance and some updates on the operating environments in North America and Europe. Rob will then provide the details on our third quarter results and our updated fiscal 2019 outlook.  With that, let me now turn the call over the Tom.
Dexter Congbalay: Hey, Chris. I mean, we said we're going to have about $3 million of startup costs related to Hermiston in our prepared remarks. So something else just to remember.
Dexter Congbalay: Thanks everyone for joining the call. I'll be available for any follow-up questions, either via phone or via e-mail. And look forward to speak with you later. Thank you.
Tom Werner: Thanks, Rob. Let me quickly sum up by saying we're pleased with our results in the quarter and are confident that we'll finish the year on a strong note. We're executing well across the organization and have built good operating momentum in each of our core segments. We remain laser focused on executing on our strategies of investing to support long-term growth and create value for all our stakeholders. I want to thank you for your interest in Lamb Weston. And we're now happy to take your questions.
Tom Werner: Bryan, it’s Tom. So in terms of seed, potato seed and crop and planting, all those kinds of things it's no concern about seed, I would say, we're early in the planting. So, we feel good about our growers and how that's progressing. And as I do every year, further down the year we'll give an update on how the crops progressing not only in Europe, but across North America. I think the -- your other question in terms of how this is going to play out, it's going to pressure the business as we've stated. Obviously, you've seen the result in Q3, we expected -- they're in line with our expectations. It's going to continue in Q4 through the first half, but will progressively improve based on cost initiatives and pricing that all started flowing through the P&L. But it's definitely going to be impactful through the first half of 2020, as we've stated. And the last part of your question, we've got ourselves positioned with our book of business between Europe and U.S. supporting some of the European customers out of our U.S. operations. And right now, I stated, I think, there's going to be some opportunities. And it's still early and it still has to play out. I believe we may get some opportunities, but right now, we've had nothing material that’s been brought to our attention.
Tom Werner: As of right now, there has been some capacity come on. It has not materially impacted our business, we are obviously monitoring it. We've got capacity coming on in May. And a part of this to, again, it's going to normalize run rates back to a more sustainable level. And I suspect this fall, we may have pressure in pockets, but we're going to continue to execute pricing discipline in the market and let things play out. But I think it'll be immaterially impactful in the near-term.
Tom Werner: We had several -- Chris, this is Tom, we had several LTOs that were planned in the quarter. And as we always do, we take a conservative view of how those are going to perform. Had a couple domestically and international LTO that exceeded our expectations. We will get into how things are shaping up in the next quarter. But, again, the LTOs performed better than we expected. And every year we're going to have LTOs in our business periodically. So -- and we always take a conservative view.
Tom Werner: Sure, Adam, the -- couple of things to your question is, as the category is -- we expect the category to have a 1.5% to 2.5% growth. So there's always going to be an organic component that's going to need capacity support that’s the first thing. The second thing that we’ll have to monitor closely is some of the contracts that are coming up for renewal with a few bigger customers and that's where we may see some pressure on pricing. But we'll deal with that as those contracts come up for bid.
Tom Werner: Yes, right now, I don't have a different point of view on the overall category growth based on all the data and how we analyze not only North America, but international markets in total. So I would say, the 1.5% to 2.5%, we feel pretty good about. Over the long-term that's where it's going to shake out at and some of the incremental Crispy on Delivery for example, that's really -- I don't view it as a new occasion, but that's meeting an occasion with a better quality fry that travels better, and that's how I view that product.
Tom Werner: No, Adam, it's -- right now the plant crop is two weeks late planning in the Pacific Northwest. We had a point of view that 30, 45 days ago and took actions to ensure that we were balanced on our raw. And again, it's early planning. I've been around this business a long time to know that at times we always tend to catch up, but we got to let it play out and we’ll provide more context on crop in a couple of calls as we always do.
Tom Werner: Well, I think that's exactly right that the growth rates aren’t all created equal. And you also have to think through the overall market size. So some of those markets give you directional 500 million pounds, 600 million pounds, some of them a 1billion pound, which is very different than North America and Europe. So they're not all created equal. In terms of your second question, capacity is not all created equal as well. So as you look at capacity in China those plants have different capabilities versus our plant, not only in China, but in North America. So you are right they are now created equal.
Tom Werner: Okay. Sarah, it's Tom. Very consistent on our capital allocation, we're going to continue to invest in our business as we have in the past and this year will in the future to drive growth. We're going to support a dividend. We've implemented a share repurchase, which we've been active in the market recently. So we're committed to -- as we've been very consistent since the spin that's our capital allocation strategy. In terms of M&A that's part of the strategy as well. I can't get into specifics about where we're at and what we actually have going on. But we are committed to pursue M&A, targeted M&A where it makes sense for us.
