Tom Werner: Thanks, Bernadette. Let me just quickly reiterate our thoughts on the quarter by saying I am proud of how our Lamb Weston manufacturing, supply chain and commercial teams are continuing to take the right operating steps to manage through this challenging business environment. We are on track to deliver on our targets for the year and we remain committed to investing to support growth and create value for our stakeholders over the long-term.  Thank you for joining us today and we are now ready to take your questions. 
Tom Werner: Yes, Peter, so it’s early on in the planning and how we look at every crop year. Certainly, we look at history, but we plan it at average historical levels and in terms of the impact that we had last year because of the high heat which is highly abnormal, it’s early innings and we are going to have to really – we’ll monitor it.  No impact from a seed standpoint, but as I said in my prepared remarks, as the crop progresses as we always do in July and October, we’ll give you an update. But we planned for an average yield quality crop year-over-year. So, we’ll adjust it as we learn more as the growing season progresses. 
Tom Werner: Yeah, Andrew, it’s couple things. Certainly the average crop is going to help that obviously, significantly. And as we plan our – we are in the middle of planning our fiscal 2023, we have a point of view on what inflation is going to be which I won’t get into until the next call as we wrap our plan for 2023 up. But we have – and have been executing our pricing actions and this – as we are all dealing with inflation is a challenge.  But I am confident in how we’ve been executing and we are in the early innings of contract negotiations with some of our bigger customers and we are going to work – we’ll work through it and the team is doing a great job. So, I feel very confident we will pass through this inflation and we are going to get some help from the crop next year but if it comes in on an average level.  So, those are really the two things that gives me a lot of confidence that we are going to get back to pre-pandemic margin levels and there is no indication right now that’s telling me that we are not. And so I feel really good about it. 
Tom Werner: Yeah, I mean, we are having very robust conversations with those customers, Andrew. And we are partnering with them. We are working through it. And we are being very transparent with what’s – what our inflation is, what we are dealing with. And I would say those conversations have been very positive. Everybody understands the environment we are all working in.  And so, again, the team is doing a great job having those conversations being very transparent with the customers, letting them know what we are dealing with and what is potentially coming out and when their contracts are coming due. So it’s a work in progress, but we are making progress. 
Tom Werner: That makes sense. Yeah, well, I – the plan is, as we look at our inflation, our plan for 2023, we are factoring in pricing actions and cost savings to offset all the inflation and to get our margins back to pre-pandemic levels. That’s where we are headed. And there is going to be puts and takes as we negotiate these contract prices with our customers. But again, the – it is dependent upon an average crop which we’ll know in the next six months where the crop is going to end up, but that’s where we are driving the business. And again, my confidence level is very high that we are going to continue to execute towards that based on how we’ve been executing with some of the – with the pricing actions we’ve taken today. And – but it’s going to take time. The global segments are laagered. We’ll get through the negotiations and you’ll see improvement in the back half in the global segment specifically. 
Tom Werner: Well, yes, it is and you got to – let me step back, you have to understand what we are doing from a pricing standpoint. We are just – we are pricing through inflation and it’s – as pervasive as I’ve ever seen it, a lot of us in the industry. So, when you think about that and you also think about the importance of French fries, our menu promo it’s a proper driver. So, it’s going to be a continuation, cost to grow is potentially going to go up and we’ll continue pricing just as we have in past years. So, it’s a question of, to me, there is an element that at some point as – if the cost continue to increase to the levels they are, what’s the elasticity of a French fry. And right now we have seen it. So, we’ll continue to run our game plan and we’ll adjust to the market down the road. 
Tom Werner: Yeah, so, we’ve indicated we are up 20% of potato raw price. In terms of the overall basket inflation, we are right in the middle of putting together our 2023 plan. And we’ll give some more color on that in the upcoming earnings calls on what our overall view of inflation is for 2023. 
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah, absolutely, Peter. The first half of next year will continue to be affected by this year’s poor crop. And then once we move into next year’s crop which as Tom mentioned, where planning will be average that’s when we should be able to get closer to those pre-pandemic margins. 
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah, Tom, we won’t get into our yield and our processing performance, those kind of things. We don’t talk about that. But the cost increase is 20%. The big impacts are two things to our P&L this year from a potato processing standpoint. It’s yield per acre, which is down because of the weather conditions. So we’ve had to procure more potatoes on the open market.  And it’s no secret, we truck potatoes from the East Coast like other processors have and that costs more money obviously and it’s also how the quality of the potato is processed through our factories. So, the yield to make a pound of French fries, it takes more potatoes just because of the quality and size and all that.  So, it’s a – we take the hit in two different areas. It’s yield per acre and it’s processing efficiency in our factories. And we haven’t disclosed what the overall impact is because we are still trying to understand and as we take these potatoes out of storage, typically this time of year, it’s always a cyclical issue because your quality of potatoes coming out of storage is less than when it’s coming out of our field.  So we are still – we have an estimate on what the overall impact for the year is going to be, but we are still have two months to go here, two, three, four, five months to go in processing these potatoes. 
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes. That’s absolutely right. This is Bernadette. It’s just a matter of timing and when those equipment pieces are coming in. But based on our current projections and what we are seeing from our vendors, we are still on track with the estimated completion date. It’s just a function of timing between this and next year. 
Bernadette Madarieta: Yes, Chris. This is Bernadette. It absolutely is related to the significant cost inflation that Tom was just referring to that we are seeing now and we are passing those costs through. And we’ll continue to monitor the environment and the inflation that we continue to see in packaging ingredients OAO et cetera, and make decisions in terms of when further pricing actions may be necessary to offset that significant inflation that we are seeing. 
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah, so, as it relates to the global volume, the math you did there is right in terms of the impact on the total company. And then, as we look at export volume, it is starting to increase. We are seeing a few more containers be available than what we saw during the third quarter. So that is a positive sign that it’s still much lower than what we’ve seen previously and what we’ve come to expect for that international business. 
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah, as it relates to our joint venture, they are seeing very similar inflationary cost increases and then more recently certainly as a result of what’s going on between Russia and Ukraine, there have been large increases in prices for natural gas and then we’ve had to make some changes to the oil that’s used in that joint venture. But, absolutely, they are seeing the same impact on their business as what we are seeing here from an inflation standpoint. 
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah, so as it relates to our oil purchases and contracting as it relates to price, we have contracts in place for first quarter of 2023 and some of second quarter, but a pretty minimal amount. Beyond there, we don’t have any other contracts in place. 
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah, we are in our planning process right now. So, we don’t have anything to share today. But certainly, we’ll provide you an update at our next earnings call. 
