Thomas Werner: Thanks, Rob. Let me quickly sum up by saying, again, in fiscal 2019, we finished strong and delivered another record year of sales and earnings. We built great operating momentum and are well positioned to deliver solid results in fiscal 2020. And we remain focused on executing against our strategic initiatives to support long-term growth and create value for all our stakeholders. I want to thank you for your interest in Lamb Weston and we're now happy to take your questions.
Thomas Werner: Andrew, this is Tom. Good morning. I'm encouraged by the contract negotiations that are happening right now in terms of the pricing. And the other thing to remember too, we always take a prudent approach to guidance. We also have the carryover contracting our global business unit, the pricing that we put in place last couple of years. And I would say, when you step back, this fiscal year, it's going to be largely driven net sales by volume and more than it will be by price as it has in the last couple of years. But I'm confident that how the contract discussions are progressing, feel good about how we've projected our pricing this fiscal year and I think, as we evaluate what's going on in the marketplace, I think there is going to be opportunities for us to continue to drive the pricing across multiple channels.
Thomas Werner: Yes, generally, we believe with the additions in North America, including our Hermiston plant, this year, we're going to operate around the 95, 96 level in North America. In Europe, it's a little bit of a different story. There has been a lot of capacity put on in Europe. Compounded with the potato crop issue last year, it's a bit harder to read at this time until we get further in this fiscal year, but generally, we believe they are operating at a pretty high utilization rate as well. So as we stated in the past, that's kind of normalized levels. I think, over time, with the category growth at 1.5 to 2.5 points as we're projecting, it's going to continue to elevate utilization rates over the next couple of years as it has in the past year. So -- and then the industry, based on how they've been running in the past couple of years, at a really high, 100% utilization rate, I know in our business, we've got some catch up things to do in maintenance, but we'll some capacity off-line for us for a period of time. So I think if you think about it, Chris, running a business at utilization rates that we want at -- is that we run at, it's a pretty high utilization rate and that's just the nature of where we're at right now. So a lot of these things really just need to normalize and then, as the category continues to grow, we're going to be evaluating additional capacity ourself, potentially, in the near future.
Thomas Werner: Adam, again, as consistent with practice, we're being very prudent. And as I said in the prepared remarks, being very prudent of how those negotiations on pricing are going to evolve. Again, also recognize that growth -- as we're projecting growth, international markets, we assume we're going to grow a bit quicker than domestic markets in terms of demand and those typically as we've talked about before, command a lower margin than our domestic markets and so, part of it is into that mix peace across business and customer mix with international, waiting a little bit that is impacting your math there.
Thomas Werner: Yes. So Adam, when you step back to your point in aggregate, we're very comfortable with not only the pricing component of it, but volume as well. And as I have -- as we worked hard over the last 2, 3 years to align our segments with strategic customers that; are growing in the marketplace. So we have a really good customer portfolio mix, not only in the Global segment, but in Foodservice and retail. And when you step back and look at both pieces, volume and pricing, we are in a sweet spot right now. So all this has to play out over the next couple of months, but I feel good about the growth opportunities we have in all of our segments.
Thomas Werner: Yes, I think, Adam, we don't want to talk about individual planned profitability per se, but I think it's fair to take the capacity volumes of those and apply a margin against those and you are going to get reasonably close and that's going to get you somewhere in that range. Also recognize that for the first few months that an acquisition, we have the markup on the inventory. So we won't get that margin on those acquisitions for the first few months, but bottom line answer to your question is, is it in the guidance? Yes, it is.
Thomas Werner: Tom, this is Tom Werner. I'm real confident that we could maintain margin levels where they're at today and we continue to focus on. We've had a lot of discussion about prices this morning already, but we're focusing on mix too across all of our segments and customer mix. And we're also leveraging our Lamb Weston operating culture, supply chain to drive cost savings across our supply chain networks. So the business unit leaders, sales team, everybody is focused on maintaining our margin levels and I'm confident, based on, how things are playing out early on, that we'll be able to maintain our gross margin at these levels and interim up over the course of time.
Thomas Werner: Yes. So we've worked over the past several years to spread the timing across all of our segments that we negotiate contracts with to sequence them 1, 2, 3 years where we can. So we have changed that sequencing in terms of negotiation timing. So as far as next year, I'm not going to get into specifics about what's coming up for bid next year, next year, we will have the same conversation and be talking about negotiations.
Thomas Werner: Bryan, in terms of the picking up some orders related to Europe, that was really more focused on strategic European customers in support of those. The volume wasn't the big driver there. And in terms of is it pull forward, no, I wouldn't say any of that is pull forward.
Thomas Werner: Sure. On the mix side, again, I think your point is spot on. The global growth is we are expecting to be a bit faster. Recognize in retail, for example, we've had great growth here over the last couple of years. Expect that growth rate to moderate somewhat, but continue to push the mix within retail for the branded products and that will help our mix within the segment. Foodservice, similar drive growth with market, but don't expect outsized growth. It's really the growth in Global driven by export that's going to pressure a little bit margins in Global -- margin percentage in Global as the mix turns to more export business relative to the growth rates domestically. And as mentioned, those exports business tends to be a little bit lower margin.
Thomas Werner: Sure, David. This is Tom. One of the things -- the opportunity in all that for Lamb Weston is the ability for ourselves, Lamb Weston and Lamb-Weston/Meijer to come together and look at first and foremost, the customers that we needed to make sure get serviced. And we did move some production around to North America from Lamb-Weston/Meijer. The team over there did a terrific job early on making sure we had sourced the potatoes we needed to service our business. So we got ahead of it and we organized ourselves more efficiently in terms of moving production around the globe. That was the big learning. Could we -- we've obviously, as we did that, we learned some things. And if that situation ever happens again, we're going to be more efficient at it. In terms of the potato crop this year, yes, Europe has been hot again, and we're obviously close to it on the ground there with Lamb-Weston/Meijer team. The difference is, they're getting rain periodically this year even with the heat. It's early on and as we get to our October call, we'll give you an update on that. But right now it is hot but it's still too early to tell the impact on the crop over there.
Robert McNutt: Sure, Andrew. This is Rob. You can get to the BSW historically out of the financials as you see the add back and so as we say, let's call it $10 million of add back there, the 53rd week adds a bit. Taking that all together, take out the ERP, increased expense, expense related to that, you still get into low to mid-single-digit kind of organic growth and profitability in the business.
Robert McNutt: Yes, Chris, this is Rob. Yes, the $10 million to $20 million expense, we have not disclosed specifically the capital on that and the timing of that as I said in prepared remarks that part of that is pace of timing of implementation as well, but the ERP spending is embedded within the capital guidance -- overall capital guidance I gave you.
Robert McNutt: Yes, again, it depends on timing of implementation, but I think that's fair to say it would be a little bit higher next year.
