Tom Werner: Thank you, Dexter. Happy New Year, and thank you for joining our call today. The entire Lamb Weston team delivered another solid quarter, and I want to thank them for these results and continuing to execute the strategies that we outlined in our Investor Day presentation in October. We strongly believe that our investments to expand capacity organically and through acquisitions, improve manufacturing and system capabilities, penetrate new channels and markets around the world, strengthen product, customer and channel mix, and develop our people have generated good near-term operating momentum and have us well positioned to capture our share of growth and profitability over the long term. In the second quarter, we delivered record sales, reflecting the consolidation of our EMEA business and solid price/mix growth. Sales volumes, excluding acquisitions, declined, primarily driven by our decision to exit lower price and lower-margin business. But as we expect, the year-over-year trend improved sequentially. Adjusted EBITDA growth was also solid behind incremental earnings from consolidating EMEA, as well as higher sales and gross profit in the base business. However, the increase was tempered by a $71 million charge to write-off excess raw potatoes, $65 million of which was recorded in cost of sales and $6 million in equity method investment earnings. The reason and magnitude of this charge is very unusual, so let me give you a little more color on it. In January 2023, we developed an initial sales forecast for the following fiscal year that reflected a gradually strengthening consumer and recovering global demand. That forecast was developed based on the information available at that time. We use this initial sales forecast to determine the number of contracted acres to grow the raw potatoes needed to deliver that sales forecast. Per our agreements with our growers, we're obligated to purchase all the potatoes grown on these contracted acres. However, our initial sales forecast has turned out to be more aggressive than our current estimate, reflecting recent restaurant traffic demand trends as consumers continue to absorb the cumulative effect of inflation. As a result, we have purchased more potatoes than we need to meet our current sales targets and have taken a charge to write-off the estimated excess. Although overall demand growth is slower than we anticipated a year ago, it remains resilient. Fry attachment rates in the U.S. are stable and in-line with what we projected in January 2023. Outside the U.S., restaurant traffic in most of our key international markets continues to grow, including double-digit growth in China. We remain confident that our volume trends will continue to improve in the back half of fiscal 2024 as we begin to lap and backfill exited volumes with higher margin business. This includes our target for year-over-year volume growth in the fourth quarter. In addition, we expect our volumes will continue to recover in fiscal 2025 and have planned to contract for acres accordingly. While we are disappointed with the write-offs, the underlying fundamentals of the business, our operations and the category remain solid. Our volume trends are improving in-line with our expectations. Global demand is resilient as consumers continue to face stiff food-away-from-home inflation. Our new greenfield processing facility in China is now operational. Price/mix trends in the U.S. and most of our key international markets remain solid, while input cost inflation is decelerating. We delivered strong adjusted EBITDA growth and gross margin expansion excluding the potato write-off. And as Bernadette will explain in greater detail, we're reaffirming our fiscal 2024 adjusted EBITDA guidance range despite absorbing the write-off while raising our EPS estimates. Overall, we continue to be pleased with our operating momentum and confident in our ability to deliver our full-year financial targets. Let me now turn the call over to Bernadette for a more detailed discussion on our second quarter results and updated outlook.
Tom Werner: Thank you, Bernadette. Let me sum it up by saying we feel good about the overall health of the global category and the drivers for demand growth. We also feel good about our operating momentum and are confident in our ability to deliver our updated financial targets for the year. And finally, we believe that our focus on executing our strategies will continue to have us well positioned to drive sustainable, profitable growth and create value for our shareholders over the long term. Thank you for joining us today. And now, we're ready to take your questions.
Tom Werner: Matt, this is Tom. I'll -- as we do every year, we're right in the middle of negotiations, so we're not going to get into where we're at in that process. As we always do in July, October, we'll give you an overview of kind of where we ended up and talk about that in more detail. But right now, we're right in the middle of it, so we're going to respect that process.
Tom Werner: Yeah, Adam, this is Tom. And I'll tell you, I'm really pleased on where we're at in terms of the integration of EMEA at this point. We're towards the tail end of that, and the team has done a terrific job across the organization functionally, commercially, really connecting up. And we've reorganized the organization to reflect the global company that we are now. So, I'm pleased with where we're at. In terms of initiatives, your specific question on RGM, that's definitely on the radar, but that's going to be down the road based on a number of other initiatives we have going on in the company that we really need to keep our focus on executing specifically the ERP implementation right now. So, we're at the tail end of it. Feel great. The team is doing a magnificent job getting integrated, and I'm pleased with where we're at today.
Tom Werner: Yeah. Robert, the thing to remember is the commodity in our business, the potato, it's a one-year crop. And so, you have to process it. And certainly, like Bernadette alluded to, we looked at all of the mitigating factors like we do every year. And it's just an unusual circumstances to the order of magnitude. Typically, we manage through different positions based on our forecast. And this year is different. And the crop overall is really, really good, and it's just a matter of -- you got to make some decisions based on the demand forecast, utilizing your plants, running the crop longer. And economically, this is the best decision to move forward based on as we're going through the end of this crop and moving into the next crop in kind of June, July. So, it's a different commodity. It has a shelf life that's rather short than a lot of the other commodity businesses I've been around. And so, it's something we manage through every year. And unfortunately, how the operating environment and the environment with this particular crop shaped up, the quality of the crop yields just put a lot of pressure on availability, which there's plenty of potatoes around.
Tom Werner: Yeah, Rob. So, as we stated earlier that China is growing at double digits. We're well positioned. We just opened up our second factory over there. It's up and running and operating. It gives us considerable flexibility as we're thinking about the next year's contracting coming up. And so, we're -- there's a lot of news feed on China and the economy and all that's going on. But in terms of the category, we feel good about where that's at based on the data we look at, which is telling us it's growing double digits. We've got our plant up and coming. We've got line of sight to how we're going to look at that market and potential customers that we can support and more to come on that. But as we go through this contracting season in that international market, we're well positioned to gain some business.
Tom Werner: Yeah, Peter, we fully expect to continue to drive and deliver our algorithm over the long term as we stated in October. And we're working all the channels to deliver that. And as we have in the past, we've been very consistent on meeting those commitments. And I expect and as we look forward, with the category and how we're getting positioned with some of the capacity additions, I fully expect us to drive volume and meet our commitments as we talked about in October.
Tom Werner: Yeah, Andrew, I understand the question. I'm not going to get into very specifics on customers or where it's coming from. But ideally, we have line of sight to markets, opportunities as we go through our normal contracting season coming up, ideally, it'd be perfect timing, but it doesn't always match when you potentially win business. But we do have a plan. We have line of sight, and I'm not going to get into specifics of where and who and with respect to our customers, and I'll just leave it at that, Andrew.
Tom Werner: Yeah. As I stated, the crop acres, potato yields, based on what we always -- what we plan for in the initial front end of the crop cycle, certainly was better than what we expected and have seen in the last several years. And the overall forecast, as I stated earlier, that we had in terms of overall volume and sales was a little softer than what we had originally planned. As we've been consistent, the guidance we gave in July and continue -- and we upped it in October was based on the forecast we were seeing at the time. And so, certainly, there's -- it was not as good as we had planned when we planted the crop. But again, to Bernadette, as she reiterated, we see our forecast from July in terms of sales and volume has not really changed for the balance of the year. So, it's really just crop acre yield issue that caused a write-off based on what we initially forecasted in July for FY '24. So again, we feel confident about the underlying fundamentals of the business, where we're at our guidance from last time has not changed, and we see line of sight to Q4 volume improving, as we've stated on this call. So, all things are pointing towards sequential improvement for the balance of the year, albeit just keep in mind that Q3 is going to have some challenges with the ERP cutover.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah, Matt, thank you for the question. I think it relates to the first one and it relates to guidance, the amount of shipments and volumes that we had in our guidance in July has not changed from what we have now. Again, that was -- we had to determine the number of acres to plants back in January of 2023. But the last time we gave guidance, there's been no changes. And then the second question, as we think through the crop this year, there are mitigants that we would have taken into consideration in terms of carrying some higher finished goods inventory for products that we know that we're going to sell. And then, as we always do, we will take that into consideration as we determine the number of acres that we're going to plant for the upcoming year.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah. No, thanks, Adam. You're correct. Our Q2 gross margin implies a 31.3% margin, excluding the write-off of the potatoes. And as we've been talking about, that increase is related to the pricing actions and then catching up to the multiyear impact of inflation, and also allowing the benefit of the productivity and mix that'll fall through. So, those are some of the things that you're seeing. As it relates to the third quarter, keep in mind that it's going to be down sequentially from that and that is going to reflect that reduced fixed cost coverage that we're going to have as we started up our ERP and we needed to take some downtime and ramp our plants up slowly.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah. So, the contract renewal process is complete now, and we feel really good about where, in the aggregate, we ended on both pricing and terms. A lot of that relates to the large chain restaurants that we typically will finalize in the back half of the year, and that's what makes up that 20% that you're referencing.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah, exactly. So, I'd say it's going to be down sequentially from the 31%, that's excluding that write-off, and that's really reflecting the reduced fixed cost coverage that we're going to have as a result of taking those plants down, while we cutover.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah. So, Rob -- yeah. So, the way to look at it is, first, we're really pleased with what we're seeing from a volume perspective and the sequential improvement that we've continued to post. We will be positive in the fourth quarter, but the thing we've got to keep in mind is that we are having reduced shipments as a result of converting over to our new ERP. I spoke about the inventory visibility challenges that we have with our third-party warehouses. I'm confident and -- that we're correcting those, but we are going to temper our volume increases in the third quarter as a result of that.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah. And then just to clarify, the double-digit growth has been in restaurant traffic that we're seeing in China.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah. So, we did have some contracts where that pricing took effect in the back half of the year. I think it's key, though, to -- as you look at the back half of the year to expect to see a deceleration from the 17% that we delivered in the first half as we continue to lap those price increases. But yes, we will see the impact of those contracts that are coming up to -- are affecting our pricing in the back half of the year, just like we always have.
Bernadette Madarieta: Yeah, Andrew, I think the way to think about that is we're not going to quantify any amount. But certainly, there are some shipments that would be retail and food service that would be lost in third quarter, whereas the chain would be more of a carryover. So, again, down or it's going to be tempered in terms of the any increase as it relates to volume in the third quarter, but definitely positive in the fourth quarter as we had originally projected.
Bernadette Madarieta: No, absolutely positive in the fourth quarter. That's what we've been anticipating since we gave our July guidance and it continues to remain sound.
Bernadette Madarieta: And Tom, if I could add to that, when we made the initial estimate and planted those acres, you guys see the same data that we do. And U.S. restaurant traffic trends have slowed since that time, and that was included in our updated July forecast. But the fry attachment rate continues to be about pre-pandemic levels and continues to be strong, as Tom mentioned.
Bernadette Madarieta: It's going to be some better leverage, but just overall cost management that we're doing as we look forward to the second half of the year.
