Jim McCaughan: Thank you the question Jimmy. Just as contact, the first thing to point out is the risk quite a lot of seasonality in our quarter-to-quarter numbers. As the guideline for profitability typically 22% to 23% of the year comes in the first quarter and 27% to 28% comes in the fourth quarter. And one of the reasons for this seasonality on revenues, partly driven by the U.S. tax year, driven also by accounting years in decision making process. The first quarter tends to be a bit low on transaction fees. It tends to be very low on incentive fees, which tend to be clustered in the fourth quarter. So I would argue that the 10% or 10.4% increase in profits, over 8% increase in management fees from the year ago quarter is a better measure and more appropriate measure of the progress we have made, because that takes out the effect of seasonal adjustment. The other thing of course is that the expenses are seasonal, but you didn’t go into that, but if anyone wants me to I can. But I don’t think that this was at all a disappointing first quarter and its well aligned with what we have said in the past in guidance.
Jim McCaughan: Yes, thank you, Humphrey. And this links back to some of the comments Dan made in his remarks about us being well aligned with the places where revenue growth is happening. If you look at the asset management industry, there is a lot of money flowing into passive and active core players. But they are seeing declining revenue, that’s really being hit very hard by the demand for lower pricing. And as you know that’s not the area we are primarily in. We are in active specialties alternatives and multi-asset class solutions and so far we feel confident about revenue growth. And it’s interesting I know it’s in the back of people’s mind how bad can this hedging effect get. I would point back to the second quarter of last year when we had a similar outflow because of hedging costs. In that case it was both euro and yen hedging costs. And I did remark in that call that I felt much more confident about revenues than I did about future flows at that point. I still feel that way because we are in areas where probably the average basis points can go up because of the change of mix. And this is things like real estate, like high yield, like small cap and emerging markets. Those are areas where we are really quite strong and have actually even in a fairly tough first quarter decent flows. So yes, Jimmy I think the main – sorry Humphrey, I think the main point here I would make is that we are well placed to continue that revenue growth. Almost, we are not quite regardless with the flows, the flows will turn positive again. I have a little doubt about that given our execution and our performance. But having said that I think the mix is a very important attribute that we have to be a growing revenue earner in the asset management business.
Jim McCaughan: Yes. The industry is seeing very heavy disruption. The very difficult environment for passive and active core players is playing out almost exactly as we expected, so no need to change the guidance for that.
Jim McCaughan: Yes, John. Just to comment from the economics point of view, we have been looking for the last 2 or 3 years of the aggregate data for our customers are small and midsized business customers. And I would tell you very much aligned with your question about a year or two ago, we saw the wage rates in that area going up faster than the economy as a whole. I think that shows partly the phenomenon you are talking about rescaling, upscaling labor shortage I think it also shows a very good proof statement on the fundamental strength of the small and midsized growing business segment.
Jim McCaughan: Yes. The direct number is dominated by the point that Dan made about being a few billion still with the client that we lost money for in the first quarter. I think that’s in terms of what we really know, just about the extent of it. What you don’t know is how to choose to currency hedging can evolve with institution. And as you know we have very broad range of clients in 85 countries. Some of those countries will definitely see rising or indeed falling hedging costs. The problem has been that yen and euro interest rates are pinned to zero at he same time as the U.S. rates is rising. That’s really the differential that’s determined for hedging cost. So what I would say is it’s really in the near-term doesn’t look like a big problem, but longer term we have to be wary about our foreign investors are investing in U.S. securities and choose to hedge it. There comes a time when either for their economics or for their accounting that begins to look like advantageous to buy U.S. securities. But I think there are natural tensions that will stop the interest rates getting massively out of line. So I don’t feel particularly concerned about that beyond the large client that Dan referred to in the script.
Jim McCaughan: Yes. Thanks for the question Tom. First thing to say is that we do see a pretty strong pipeline and it’s a pipeline including some quite good rich revenue mandates. Also incidentally, if you think longer term, some of them with promote structures are multiyear carriers which definitely builds up the value of the business for the longer term. So, on that piece, I feel really confident. I think we are positioned very effectively. I think the performance should make us confident on our retail platforms. Our retail platforms last year between 40 Act ETFs, CITs, uses an SMA and others had a very substantial, very steady $4 million and change last year of inflows and remained positive in the first quarter. So, that’s sort of building up business by gradual flows and I feel very good about that.
Luis Valdes: Yes. Good morning, Jimmy. A fair question about Chilean pension reform, which is pending, since March 11 we have a new administration there, we value the birth and the death of its new cabinet. Good names, very professional, very technical, so the discussion is heading in the right direction. I would say they always said a working group that has been created with very good names as well, very – I would say professional people, very dedicated, good in patience in this discussion. So we are very optimistic about the kind of the outcome that we might have, only possible factor that might be very little of these discussions when the new bill is going to have the Congress. The current administration [indiscernible] may redeem both chambers, so fairly it’s sort of a kind of [indiscernible] might happen there. So we have to be a lot of extremely involved in that process Jimmy. So, we are paying a lot of attention about that, but as you have said the positive and better environment in order to have this discussion in Chile. Above the fee reduction [indiscernible] essentially the result of our gains in productivity and efficiency that allows us to transfer that benefit to our customers. We continue keeping our value proposition there to our clients and customer service, financial advice and investment performance. So we are going to continue being a very competitive a fee there. And as you said this new fee rate is going to be in place on July 1. And certainly you can think about that as a very subtle fee adjustment in Chile.
Luis Valdes: We are expecting that this reaction is not going to impact our margins neither in Chile nor in [indiscernible].
Luis Valdes: Yes. Thanks Ryan for your questions. Certainly our activity in Asia is doing much, much better and we are very pleased about that, flows in Southeast Asia, $800 million in Thailand, in particular clearly for mandates. So we are very pleased about that and certainly a very strong activity in Malaysia, so that’s the reason of why. But it’s a very consistent about what we have been planning Southeast Asia and very consistent with our plans for 2018 in fact.
Dan Houston: Yes, Humphrey, so thank you for that. I am going to – the broad comment I am going to make before thrown into Deanna is that we are actually incredibly enthusiastic about these investments in digital. We are getting some traction. We are seeing it materialize here with – as you know, we started in the fourth quarter. We are well into it in the first quarter here and we are starting to see progress made and I am frankly very excited about that, but with regards to the specifics, let me throw it to Deanna.
Dan Houston: We actually do. We think they are still well in those range, we don’t reaffirm. But I would say that we anticipate these things in advance and I feel comfortable that 4% to 8%.
Dan Houston: Yes. So, maybe I will have both Amy and Nora weigh in on that, but to your point, there is also a second element of that and that is what’s the impact on Principal itself from wage inflation and the impact it might have on our expenses? And what I would say is I again think we have – we start from a very credible place from wage base. We have always tried to maintain that positioning. And it’s true with our benefit – it’s true with our wages and it’s true in trying to create the right environment, which probably changed the most for us is the need to go out and recruit talent that tends to be at the higher end of the spectrum. So more hiring of people with data scientist backgrounds and some of our digital efforts will come with talent that has a higher wage and if that’s impacting Principal, I have to believe other firms are running into that same sort of situation. Well, with that, let me throw to Amy for some additional comments.
Dan Houston: Yes. It really did and we are really excited about that. Luis, do you want to provide some additional insights.
Dan Houston: Yes. Suneet just as a franchise if we will look at for example as a representative sample of customer global investors about 85% of the assets under management are active, 15% are passive. If you look at the revenues it’s 97% of the revenues coming from, the active 3% coming from the passive. And I think maybe to reorient your question just a little bit and Nora touched on it, it is necessarily a pure passive target date strategies they are looking for. They are looking for a lower cost strategy and that’s where the CITs that are being manufactured by PGI have become sort of the primary vehicle for providing active management at a lower cost. And as you know from our performance numbers, they are very competitive in the marketplace. So that’s really become our work horse as opposed to a passive option like an S&P 500 simply being available on the platform because those target date strategies are going to capture work from third to half while those flows into the plans in the first place. So hopefully that’s helpful.
Dan Houston: I don’t want to go, come down and make a very tight prediction about what happens as a result of currency hedging, particularly in the developed world. I think that there is still risk and that is the risk for all large asset managers. But I take some comfort from the fact that even in those hedged markets, we have things like real estate debt, we have high yields, we have REITs, we have income biased strategies, which have a high enough expected return to absorb the current hedging costs or even any likely hedging cost. So, I feel cautiously optimistic, but I don’t want to promise you that this is going to be our only bad quarter foreclosed.
Dan Houston: Thank you. Appreciate your questions very much today. Our focus really does remain on delivering value to our customers and shareholders. I have a lot of confidence that the business model that we have in integrated and diversified approach to the serving the needs of the customer is still the right model, strong investment performance and were frankly in the asset classes that are going to be in high demand. And the other thing I love about the business model, it’s a global business model, much of what we are selling here, we are leveraging in and around the rest of the world. So, we will continue to differentiate for our customers and delivering long-term shareholder value and look forward to seeing many of you on the road here in the next few months. Thank you.
Deanna Strable: Thanks, Humphrey. I think what would work best is if I talk about our expenses in total for the company and then Nora could add a few comments specifically to RIS fee. And so the first thing I would say is when I have dug into our first quarter expenses for the company in total, they were not significantly different than what we expected. We have always talked about a goal to align the growth in expenses to our growth in revenue, but as we have also discussed, it’s very critical that we balanced that with investments in the business, because those investment has served us well up to this point and will continue to serve us well on driving long-term growth. I think it’s also important to recognize that there is seasonality to expenses. Some of that Jim just talked about fourth quarter is always our highest expense quarter and first quarter tends to be our second highest quarter due to items such as PGI payroll taxes and overall variable compensation tends to be a little bit higher in the first quarter as well. If you would go back to first quarter of ‘17 we did state that expenses were light in that quarter primarily due to timing. And this quarter as you mentioned we did include – our total expenses does include the impact of those digital investments. And so given that you would have expected this quarter to see a slightly higher increase in expenses again due to low in first quarter of ‘17 and the additional investments this quarter. I tend to look at kind of growth in expenses in revenue over a longer time period, but even if you just look at first quarter ‘18 versus first quarter ‘17 our comp and other was up 4.9%, that’s in line with our net revenue growth on a reported basis, but if you actually adjust net revenue for [indiscernible], that compares to an 8% increase in net revenue. Specific to digital, we did have some digital in fourth quarter, but much more significant in the first quarter. As you mentioned, we said on the outlook call that would impact our pre-tax operating earnings growth about 2% and you did a very accurate calculation to get to a dollar amount of expenses that we might expect in 2018. Our first quarter spend was very aligned with that and we don’t expect anything different for the full year different than what we told you on that outlook call. The spend is spread throughout all of the segments and benefits will begin to emerge in 2019. So, I think bottom line it feels like our expenses in the first quarter are aligned with what we have talked about in the past and I will pivot to Nora to see if she has any additional comments specific to RIS fee.
Deanna Strable: Yes. I think Dan hit it on. I think you know the dividend piece is probably pretty easy for you to estimate and the two that would tend to be more volatile and could end up different than maybe what we thought at the beginning of the year would be around M&A and share buyback. Obviously, share buyback is going to be dependent as we have said on other deployment opportunities as well as valuation. But I think we have a long history of being within or above really what we have stated going into the year, obviously first quarter is a great start relative to that. But those would be the two of the items that would tend to cause us to be at different places within that range.
Deanna Strable: John, the other thing I would mention is there is obviously two impacts on pricing relative to tax reform. I think the one that you are focused on is obviously the lowering of the effective tax rate and group benefits and PGI are likely are two businesses within the complex that benefited the most from that. But the other thing it can ignore is that our NAC is contemplating a change in capital requirements that would increase the capital that is needed to back our businesses. And so really as we think about pricing, we need to take into account both of those. I still agree with Amy’s comment that for group benefits this is probably likely a net positive, but we got to make sure we are understanding both of those impacts not just the effective tax rate change.
Deanna Strable: Sure. So, Tom, we have got the vast majority of our full service business is tied to account value, very small amount which would not be tied to account value, so that’s number one. Number two to your point on a sequential we definitely saw the impact of some re-pricing 1:1 around our investment portfolio so that sequential drop was fewer days, but also some re-pricing. But to your prior question and we talked about this before, we certainly and this is industry not just Principal, but there has been a longstanding trend, where we expect to see this gap between account value growth and revenue growth and we have generally talked 4% to 8%, sometimes it will be more, sometimes it will be less quarter-to-quarter can be noisy, because of revenue timing, but if you look at overall product mix, if you look at overall asset mix, if you look at competitive pricing, that is certainly impacting this gap, which is the discussion we have been having. So, there are no surprises here to us with regard to the results. The underlying growth of the business is extremely strong. So, what you see there – when you see that lift in recurring deposits, when you see the lift that we have talked about planned count, participant count, etcetera that is extremely strong and that is what’s going to drive the growth of this business.
Nora Everett: Yes. So, Deanna has covered very well both RIS fee and at the PFG level, so I won’t repeat that, but just to give you a little flavor for the investments that we are making in to Deanna’s point really excited about in RIS fee. We are not just talking about technology, but we are also talking about customer experience and that’s at the planned sponsor employer level, that’s at the planned participant level. That’s a digital experience that we want to have with our advisors. So, we are really looking at this when we say digital or when you say technology. We have a number of really critical audiences that we are investing and building that digital experience around, so really excited about that for the long haul. And in addition to that we have really looked our game around our marketing and marketing spend, so those things are investments back in the business. They give us the confidence that we are going to continue to lead, have the leading franchiser here with regard to both top line and bottom line growth.
Nora Everett: Yes. And so if you look at our fee revenue line, the vast majority of that fee is based on account value and clearly given our portfolio, we are going to lift and fall based on the equity markets, but with the assumption baked in, we are absolutely confident with regard to that margin guidance.
Nora Everett: Sure. So in our pension risk transfer business, 1Q was a little light on sales, but we are extremely confident with regard to the pipeline that we see both in the industry, I mean the industry as you probably know is expecting close to $20 billion to $25 billion of opportunity this year. I mean certainly in our pipeline we see that opportunity. So where last year we had record sales of $2.8 billion, we would expect to be looking at that same type of number this year even with that little softer first quarter, because of that industry volume and in particular our opportunities within that $5 million to $500 million space. With regard you asked about from a regulatory perspective, we don’t have concerns from that perspective. We talked about that on the last call. We are confident that we are reserved, appropriately reserved and certainly we have significant processes and oversight around lost policyholders. So from that perspective, we will continue to monitor expectations. But from that perspective we are highly confident that we have both the reserve in place and the process in place.
Nora Everett: Yes. And I don’t have the specifics, but generally, we have a meaningful portion of that portfolio that has been – has always been in path. So – and as we have flows into our CIT Hybrid, the percentage of passive will go up on a relative basis? And what was your second question, Suneet.
Nora Everett: Sure. Yes, we can follow-up with specifics, but directionally because of their really strong flows into our target dates we – and extremely strong flows into the hybrid product within the target dates we will see an increase in the underlying account value with regard to passive options, so we will give you the specifics on that.
Nora Everett: Yes. Actually Suneet, we are quite active in the 403(b) market, the tax exempt market, if – it’s a priority for us from a strategic perspective. But we play in that space in particular in the employer sponsored plans versus the legacy chassis around an individual annuity model. So that is not part of our strategy. But we certainly, if you think about our total retirement suite, both with the DB and the non-qual or a tax exempt organization, we bring the entire suite to them. So we are a meaningful player and you can call it the 403(b) space, but it’s actually the tax exempt market where we bring 403(b) as one of the tools, but in addition to that bring the DB and non-qual etcetera. As far as the 457 market that’s a pretty unique market and that is not a focus for us under our current strategy. But for sure we are in the tax exempt market in a meaningful way.
Amy Friedrich: Sure, hi, John. Let me give you a couple of perspectives on this. First perspective is, I think we have said before and we are still seeing it happen there is employment growth that is particularly pronounced and positive in the small markets. So, when we isolate out those cases that are in that smaller market for us, maybe employers who employ less than 200 people were seeing a trailing 12-month kind of employment number go up to about 2.3% in terms of that in-group growth, so very healthy metric and that has stayed healthy even post-tax reform. One of the interesting things we are seeing in the marketplace post-tax reform is that we are a market that is near kind of full employment. And so we see small employers asking us about interesting new benefits more than they have even in the past. So leaning into those ancillary benefits with the secondary benefits asking questions about short-term disability and long-term disability when they previously maybe hadn’t looked at some of those coverages before. Certainly, there is also interest in accident and critical illness. In the other pieces of the portfolio that can be a really interesting add-on that can attract a workforce. So, Dan talked about that workforce piece. That’s really what we are seeing as well is they are trying to get an attractive benefits package out there for that extended workforce that is really competitive right now.
Amy Friedrich: Yes. So, certainly, we are benefiting from those – from the job and the wage growth in RIS fee in our full service retirement business in particular, which is why you see those strong recurring deposit growth, up 7% quarter-over-quarter, why you see this growth not just in participants, up 4%, but also participants with account value. We see employers lifting their match both including the match for the first time and lifting the match, so you see as the positives happen with job and wage growth, we see it coming in through that fundamental growth in our business, which lifts all boats.
Amy Friedrich: Yes. It’s a little bit too soon. And really why I think I am so comfortable kind of talking about this unique to Principal is because when you look at our group benefits business so much of the business we have is on a 1 year rate guarantee. So compared to a lot of our competitors when we are really actively re-pricing every single year and looking at the health of our business and doing the appropriate studies every quarter and every year we tend to really move things into our block, maybe even a bit more quickly than some of our peer competitors. So, I think their answers can be accurate, but again it’s given their own block. So, a little bit early, but again, we have a high percentage of our block that is annually renewable.
