Larry Donald Zimpleman: Steve, this is Larry. I'll comment on that. When we started 2011, we were sort of estimating that the budget that we would have for acquisitions and share repurchase was in the range of $800 million.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: And at the second quarter call a quarter ago, we estimated that we thought that $800 million was probably closer to $1 billion. So those 2 numbers didn't necessarily include anything that we would do with the common stock dividend. So as you know, we now deployed $800 million for acquisitions and share repurchase as compared to the potential budget of $1 billion. And in addition to that, we've now declared a common stock dividend that is, give or take, roughly $200 million. So there would be a potential of an additional amount up to $200 million that could still be in that strategic acquisition and share repurchase bucket. But I would tell you that obviously the world looks a little bit different today than it did at the end of the second quarter, so I think there's a little more caution that we'd want to apply around whether we would actually utilize that full $200 million in 2011 or whether some of that might, in fact, carryover and be looked at in 2012.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Maybe just make a quick comment, Jimmy. The one thing that you need to take into account when you're looking at that plan count over the last year or so is that there were a number of contracts in there that were in the third quarter 2010 number that fell out in fourth quarter 2010 because of the unwinding of the real estate queue. So the actual growth in contract count based on normalizing for that has actually been positive for a number of quarters. But I'll let Dan get into the detail.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: It is. And of course you're looking at mix of the business, too, then depending on whether or not that goes into international equity account versus a money market or a fixed income accounts. And we've talked about this in the past, just in terms of geography of where the money lands, in which buckets. And some, as you know, have better revenue streams than others. And certainly, ESOP has lower revenue streams. But recognize, as I stated earlier, it would if we have the underlying 401(k) assets without those. And the other one is large case versus small case. It's a little richer in the small size case versus the upper end. But again, when you look at where we're coming in on these margins, this 28 to 32 range where -- which is where we've been these last 48 months or so, is still a very positive place to be relative to our competitors and allows us to be very street competitive today. And that's not only true for attracting new business. I would attribute all the same characteristics to our ability to retain customers. And you can tell from the withdrawals, we've really improved that here in the last 12 to 18 months.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: They were -- this is Larry, John. They were below the line, but I'll let Terry give you the breakdown between those 2.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sure. Well as I kind of said it, I think in response to Steven's questions, the world looks a little bit different today than it did in June or July. So we continue to have a very active dialogue with the board. I think the good news is we have more capability to do capital deployment. But again, I think we're going to take a close look at that over time and make some decisions about how much of that budget do we really want to spend in 2011 versus 2012. I would just say again, one of the differentiating points I think for us was fee-based businesses now being 60% of the operating earnings of the company. We're going to continue to be strong capital generators. So I think that's really the key for investors over time and it's much less, whether it's some incremental piece of that capital done in 4Q11 versus first quarter, second quarter '12, it's probably really less of an issue for us over the long term. We're going to be careful, prudent. We're going to work closely with the board as we always have.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sure. I mean our tendency or our approach on this, John, is maybe a little bit different. And again I'm not -- I don't know what's better or worse. But our approach tends to be a little bit different than some other companies in the sense that once we say we're going to do something, then we do it. We're not as -- frankly, we're not as comfortable with sort of the larger multi-year kind of multi-billion dollar. Even though I think our business model gives us that capability, I think we're just a little less. Maybe it's our kind of midwestern conservatism, John. I don't know. But I think we're a little less -- we're a lot less willing to make those kind of big, big type programs. So what you're going to see from us are going to be more incremental. There are going to be programs that we announce and then we execute on, on a consistent basis. And we're going to be doing more of them at a smaller level than some sort of big multi-year authorization.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Okay, I appreciate that, Colin. Let me speak to the kind of the bank issue. And first of all, the bank has been a net contributor to profitability over time. And for example, in the current quarter, it was a contributor in the range of sort of $3 million or $4 million positive for the current quarter. So it has been a positive contributor. We obviously wouldn't -- we wouldn't have a banking business if it wasn't profitable. We don't believe in loss leaders. That's just not part of our makeup. So it's a given that the bank is going to have to perform at an acceptable level, acceptably profitable level and it's done that. Now in terms of the strategic rationale for the bank, I would say the strategic rationale for the bank is really in 2 areas. One is job changers, and the second is retirees. The reality is, is that the most commonly understood financial products by the sort of middle-income population or banking products. And so the ability to use banking products as a receptacle, as a rollover IRA sort of receptacle for job changers has been very powerful. And as you know, we've had a lot of success with asset retention for job changers. We stay right in that sort of low 50% range. And frankly, having the bank is one critical component of that. I think the emerging opportunity for the bank at which, frankly, we have yet to capitalize on, is we need to do a better job, we need to position the bank strategically to be that income management receptacle for people as they enter into retirement. So people today, retirees in particular are quite mobile. And I think the opportunity around an Internet bank so they can get access to funds no matter where they are in the U.S. or internationally is something that's very powerful. But we have to do a little more work to build that out. But I think the strategic rationale of the bank is actually very solid. And obviously we have to match that up against whatever other elements there may be to having a bank, and we're obviously very well aware of all those items. And we'll continue to monitor all of that and see where we come out. But from a strategic perspective, let me be very clear, the bank does have and plays today a very, very meaningful role. So let me have Julia comment on the credit losses, and then Dan can comment on 401(k) fees.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, let me -- this is Larry. I'll just close with a couple of comments, Colin. First of all, if you think -- if you look at this business, how it's performed over the last few quarters by a couple of other metrics, because we've talked about the sort of 28- to 30-basis point ROA, it has about a 29% return on revenue and has about a 26% return on equity based on our own internal allocations of capital. So those are very, very attractive margins by any sort of product in the financial services space. So we're very happy with that, and I think shareholders will be very happy with that as well if we can keep that going.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sure. Well obviously, Suneet, first, let me just say that's going to get recrafted as a result of EITF. So we've been talking around that 30-basis-point range. So whether you want to go 30, 32, whether you go 28, 32, that's -- there's really not any -- there's -- please don't over read or misread anything different around that. It's been holding in that kind of 29-basis-point period. Obviously, the EITF is going to have some negative impact on that. So one of the things we'll be talking about when we get to the earnings guidance in December is kind of what those new ranges are going to be. But that's not because we're recrafting anything, that's just going to be the accounting impact.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Just to be clear, Suneet, what Terry's talking about here is the DAC interest rate assumption as compared to reserves. Reserves is, again, a line-by-line thing where you can go into Specialty Benefits area, for example, and new group disability reserves are being set up in 4.25. So what Terry is talking about is the DAC interest assumption.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, thanks again to everyone for joining us for the call today. As Terry mentioned in his comments, we'll be releasing our 2012 earnings guidance on December 1. And so let me just close by saying we're very pleased with the momentum of our businesses thus far in 2011, and we'll continue working hard to continue that momentum for the rest of the year. So thanks again. We look forward to seeing many of you out on the road in the near future. Have a great day.
Daniel Houston: Yes. When we just look at just startup plans, if you go back to the era of '05, '06 and '07, there were 1,500 to 1,800 startup plans. If we look at where we're at year-to-date, startup plans was about 820. If you annualize it, you kind of get to that 1,100 or so plans for our full-year 2011. So in terms of just contributing to positive case count growth, we're only running about 65% or 70% of where we had historically been running for those startup plans. The second negative impact that you have on plan counts are just the plan terminations. Again, we've talked about this on previous calls. But it's businesses that have gone out of business, and therefore they've terminated the plan. When we look at the ongoing flow of new cases relative to those that we've lost, we've had 6 consecutive positive quarters now of growth for case count. So again, I think this has far more to do with the external environment about the lack of startup plans and plan terminations due to going out of business than anything else. In terms of deferrals and matches and participation, participation is about where it has historically run, recognizing there's a little bit of downside. There's a bit of a positive upside on participation due to some of the plans having auto-enroll, auto-escalate and those kind of come in at 25% to 30% range. If we look at average deferrals it's up a little bit, which is a very positive component when you think about the number of new people that might be -- being added at the low end of the range. Hardship withdrawals are flat. And then if we look at loans, loans are up about 5% relative to a year ago but those loans, again as a percentage of the total assets, is still a relatively small number. So again the fundamentals of the business, both from case count participation, deferrals look good. My closing comment would be around matching contributions. We've said in previous calls that about 80% of our plans are discretionary, about 20% are stated matches. And of those stated matches that someone had previously made a change in either decreasing or suspending their match, about 1/3 of those individuals or those corporations have now put their match back in place either at the same level or increased it. Hopefully that helps, Jimmy.
Daniel Houston: Sure. So on the fees relative to Full Service Accumulation, remember that about 75% to 80% of those fees are a direct correlation to the account balances themselves. 20%, 25% of those fees are effectively based upon some more fixed amount, either for administrative services. So roughly 75% should track with account balances. This year has been a very good year for us in the ESOP area. About 23% of our new case sales have had an ESOP component. And remember in the absence of having that as part of our TRS strategy, we probably wouldn't have gotten the underlying 401(k) assets along with those. So I would attribute to some of the decline this year in terms of fees tracking account values with the very positive results that we're having for our ESOP consulting division. And maybe I'll just pause and see if there's a follow-up there.
Daniel Houston: Yes, Colin. On fees, fees are part of every single conversation with a prospective client, as well as an existing client. There's 3 areas they're going to emphasize. One is going to be fees, the second is going to be the services for those fees and the last one's going to be your investment performance. And I don't know that that's changed in the 27 years I've been around the topic. Fees have probably taken a higher priority in the last couple of years due to small-, medium-sized businesses having pressure on their cost of running their businesses. So what have we done to respond to that? Part of it is à la carte pricing, eliminating services that our customers don't value and unwilling to pay for. We're also managing our own expenses here. We're taking advantage of our scale. We've also tried to make sure that we're emphasizing the value of Total Retirement Suite, which is a different value proposition than just standalone 401(k). Customers put a lot of value on our Retire Secure, our ability to go out there and educate our -- those plan participants from small- to medium-sized businesses. And we also do a fair amount of consulting, as you know, around deferred comp and ESOP and Defined Benefit. And the other comment maybe I would make is on all plans greater than $5 million, which if you look at that based on assets, it's probably 2/3 of our assets, there's a customized expense solution for every one of those clients. Here's the cost that we had in providing our services, and here's the charges that we need in order to reimburse ourselves accordingly. So it is a big part of every conversation. It's not going to go way. We, as you know, have already -- in the midstream of rolling out fee disclosure to the plan sponsors. And we got to be able to represent our products, our services as being a good value for all of our clients.
Daniel Houston: In the most recent 36-month period of time, they're flat and we've not been able to get that expansion for all the obvious reasons. We've had incredible headwinds from the economy. Small- to medium-sized employers are under a lot of pressure. And the real question perhaps is, in the long run, as things recover, as we continue to see some of our competitors not being able to compete in this marketplace because of lack of capabilities or size, we think we'll take advantage of that. And our hope is that we'll see margin expansion at some point. But at this juncture, everyone's fighting the same battle. We know from third parties that our profitability is quite strong, and it's our intent to continue to stay in that 28% to 32% range.
Daniel Houston: Sure. I mean, it's -- frankly, it's very disciplined expense management on the part of Greg Rose [ph] and the team leading the FSA business. Some of that may also have to do a little bit with timing of some of those expenses.
Daniel Houston: No, I think probably the best way to look at it over the course of the last 9 months and look at that run rate and make your determinations from that, I think just like most of these, every quarter's got a little bit of noise in it. And although we did a very nice job managing expense in the quarter, there are some issues related to timing. So I'd look at it on a 9-month basis, and let that probably be a better guide for your models.
Daniel Houston: Yes. So pipeline is good. It's up over 20%, and it's with -- across our Allianz partners, it's across our various products as well. And I'd be remiss not to make a comment that we're not only seeing good traction in Full Service Accumulation pipeline, we're seeing very good traction with our mutual fund complex. We've got some very competitive products that we've partnered with Jim McCaughan and his team on. And so pipeline for the Funds business looks solid. As you can see sales are very good, and we're finally starting to see some good traction with that DCIO or the Defined Contribution Investment Only, where we don't provide recordkeeping administration. We're getting the traction with our mutual fund offerings on our competitors' 401(k) platform. So again, we feel very good about our pipeline and hitting the 20% to 25% improvement in Full Service Accumulation sales for full-year 2011.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yes, John, this is Terry. The run rate that we talked about, the items we called out, we said that we had $0.61 EPS. But we thought that, that was low $0.07 because of the DAC asset and the amortization, the unfavorable impact of the equity markets. And that was about $0.03 in Full Service Accumulation, $0.03 in the Individual Annuities and $0.01 in the Life business. And then we also had a $0.04 number we called out in Corporate because of the variable investment income. That had a run rate that we feel is appropriate for this quarter of $0.72. And as Larry mentioned, those other 2 adjustments, the tax decision, the court decision as well as the Executive Life of New York went below the line as -- in part of our other after-tax adjustments.
Terrance J. Lillis: Suneet, this is Terry. Long-term interest rate varies by product. Obviously the longer-term product, the longer-duration product has a higher interest rate associated with it. But if you look at all the products across the board, we are probably in the 5.5% to 6.25% long-term. Obviously, the Life would be probably on the longer end and maybe some of the group disability products on the shorter end of that. Now that said, it's considerably higher than what we're currently investing in this environment. However, once again, we're looking at 40, 50, 60 or even longer in terms of some of those longer-term duration products. So what we do is we take into consideration where we are currently and then grade into that longer term over the life of the products. So hopefully that's helpful.
Terrance J. Lillis: No, Ryan. What we said is if the current interest rate environment persists, over 2012 we'd be 1% to 2%. But as you move out over that 4, 5-year, 6 years, you'd incrementally get a bit larger. So we'd be in that 3% to 8% range during that extended period of maybe in the 4- or 5-year range.
