Larry D. Zimpleman: Sure, Ryan. I'll have Jim comment. But what I would say is it's great to see when it is across multiple asset classes and multiple boutiques, which it frankly has been and continues to be and we certainly saw in the second quarter. But I'll have Jim give you a little more detail.
Larry D. Zimpleman: And just as one additional data point, Ryan, I think if you look at PGI's institutional sales and of course again sometimes there's a sort of lag coming in, I think there's a little over $2 billion in their sales pipeline that has not yet come in. So we expect that will come in over the next few quarters.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yeah, Erik. This is Larry. First of all, of course, we were excited to have the opportunity to lower our overall cost of interest through the kind of restructure with the senior debt and junior subordinate is and then taken out the preferreds. As you noted, the net there was about $250 million. And really there wasn't – I mean, the primary thinking there was simply that the market opportunity was very great. There was tremendous demand for each of those two tranches, and it just seems like a very good time to be in the market. We don't necessarily have a plan as we sit here today for that $250 million, but, as I said in my comments, there is kind of a steady flow of opportunities that come along. So while I don't forecast or expect that we'll be deploying that in the near near-term, I do think over time if we can find an interesting opportunity, it obviously gives us just a little more cushion. So we feel good about that.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yeah. Well, first of all, again, I've been around a very long time, as you know, Erik, and I've seen about 40 different legislative or regulatory changes, although I would be the first to say this one is of more significance than most. But it seems to me – it seems to me that the primary area here that the DOL seems to have some concern about is, with respect to what happens with retirement assets when a benefit event occurs. And while Principal has been a bit of an exception to the industry, when you look at the industry, a very high percentage of those assets at benefit events, so if a person terminates or retires, at benefit event those assets go into a rollover IRA. Now, I think there's plenty of very logical reasons why that happens because usually at that point that person at benefit event wants to move into a more individualized or retail relationship and a rollover IRA is a great fit, but what the DOL proposal would do is clearly put up, what I referred to, as sort of some flashing yellow lights around that; in other words, a significant amount of transparency and disclosure, a signing of some additional forms, et cetera, et cetera. So I think if Principal can continue to be creative with our in-plan solutions, I think the easier path for benefit event going forward, the easier path could well be to find a way to keep those assets inside the plan, but in enough of a separate mode, if you will, that individuals who terminate or retire will feel comfortable doing that. And we've got a team that's working really hard on that. And I'm sure they're going to come up with great ideas. So I think that's what is going to potentially lead to improved asset retention over time, is simply that the balance changes and it isn't so automatic that the money goes into a rollover IRA, there'll now be more equivalence between moving to rollover IRA or staying inside the plan, and I think that's a big opportunity for us.
Larry D. Zimpleman: And this is Larry. And to the extent that Steven was asking about deposits, what I can say is that, so far, about 60% of our deposits into the Full Service Accumulation business go into kind of Principal proprietary or multi-boutique manufactured solutions. So, again, that's a strong number, but when you have virtually 90% of your investment options in the top half of the Morningstar peer rankings on a one, three, and five-year basis, I think that's very, very well earned. So, it's certainly is one of the differentiators is our ability to drive assets into proprietary options.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Sure. Well, to be candid, Colin, I don't have a numerical number for you. And that's not really at this point, to be honest, anything that we've modeled in particular. I think that it's been clear to me – now, others may have a different opinion, but it is clear to me that the focus here isn't really around proprietary assets. And certainly the PGI options are very much standing the test of time with respect to performance and appropriateness for retirement plan investing. So, if for some reason that were to, again, have a higher threshold with respect to your own proprietary assets, which I think we can meet any threshold, but we'll do the same thing we've done for the other 40 legislative regulatory changes. We'll take a look at it, we'll adjust, we'll adapt, we'll find a path forward and net-net, Colin, as I said in my comments, I really believe that what's going to continue to happen is market share is going to continue to move from second and third tier providers to first tier providers. And I certainly consider Principal in that top tier.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yeah, yeah. And the company might be the better for it, Colin. We'll see. With respect to the group business, again, appreciate your question. I would say the group business is really is strategic for us and offers a lot of really competitive advantages for us. It certainly continues to introduce us to a lot of brokers. It's very key for small-medium business, which is really the heart of our strategy. And probably as important in an element we don't necessarily give as much commentary about is, as I said in my comments, it is a great diversifier. And so from an overall company perspective, the quarter-by-quarter stability and the fact that the things that drive the group insurance business are not the things that drive fee-based businesses, we think is a real advantage for the company. So I know the board is very happy with how that business has been run. We have a tremendous team there led by Deanna Strable, and of course Dan as well. And I foresee us continuing to grow our market share in the group business and in the voluntary business. With respect to Nippon Life, I mean, they have been a large share – they've been a meaningful shareholder, but that's a 25-year relationship. And so it really just reflects a long-term view I think on their part and a good relationship between our two companies. But at the end of the day, we are executing on businesses, the retirement business, the mutual fund business, the asset management businesses that are not really consistent with the businesses that Nippon Life has been in historically and continues to have an interest in, which is almost exclusively the insurance business. So I would say that, in that sense, there isn't maybe as much carryover there as one might expect. Obviously our strategy is to remain independent. We've had a great track record since the period of time we've been public. Our board is very, very happy and supportive of our strategy and the execution. With respect to retirement here at Principal, I think it is true that Larry is the only one, I believe, that is – that has a retirement age of 65. So I think it doesn't apply generally, but I believe the way our bylaws are constituted, the CEO is required to retire at 65. Now I suppose, like all things, that could be subject to change, but I don't expect it. The one thing I'm proudest about of this company is the very strong, very deep bench and talent that we have here. And just as Barry and Dave Drury and Dave Hurd, who were strong CEOs in their time and hopefully Larry's done a decent job. The ones that'll come after Larry will do an equally and probably even better job than that. So that's not anything I stay awake at night and worry about.
Larry D. Zimpleman: It's levelized commissions and proprietary or other assets are not a factor in terms of any compensation for the financial advisor.
Larry D. Zimpleman: We don't have any fixed period on that, Suneet. So, as we said in the opening comments, we are or have in the third quarter repurchased a very modest amount of shares with respect to that part of the authorization. But our strategies are always kind of open-ended with respect to that and it's very situational based on what we think is the most effective use of the capital at the time we put it to work.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Thanks, everybody, for joining us for the call today. We're very, very pleased with our performance in second quarter, and frankly, our performance over the recent quarters and certainly in 2015. And we look forward to continuing that business momentum going forward. So thanks again for listening. Hope everybody has a great day.
James P. McCaughan: Yeah, thanks, Ryan. If you look at the flows, as Larry said, they have been quite diversified. We've seen strong institutional flows actually around the world in fixed income into investment grade credit, into high yield both in (28:29) Principal Global Fixed Income and into preferred securities. So there's been quite a strong development of the fixed income assets in the institutional market, which is an interesting contrast actually to the U.S. retail platform where actually the movement has been more towards equities and to real assets. So that would be part of it. We've seen very strong interest in our real estate, both private real estate where I think it was public that (29:05), one of the biggest investors in Australia, is using us as their private real estate people in the U.S. And other clients have been pretty good to us in private real estate. And we are stepping up our game there actually and doing much bigger deals in gateway cities, which are actually doing, in economic terms, relatively better than a lot of the country. Also in real estate, REIT has been a successful capability, and over the last six or seven years we've developed into a leader in global REITs. Equities, the net flows have been much less because the market has had less appetite to grow equities in the institutional market. But on the balance, we've been doing some quite good, positive things there. So it's across the board and that actually is a very important objective of ours because you really want to be guarded against any kind of rotation. And in the institutional market, we feel we are very well guarded against that.
James P. McCaughan: Yeah, sorry, Ryan. We do monitor the pipeline in real terms. I see all the large ones because we put them through a fee committee if they are asking for a discount on our ADV skills. That means senior management tends to have a pretty good finger on the pulse of the large mandates. And I can tell you we've been busier than ever in the last few months there. It doesn't mean that there's any $1 billion mandates coming in, but there's plenty of $200 million and $300 million mandates. Sales year-to-date have been well up on last year, and the current activity in the institutional market makes us feel very confident about the second half.
James P. McCaughan: And Colin, can I add, please, to what Larry said. If we did get into a situation, and reiterating we don't expect it, where some unexpected feature of the DOL changes led to headwinds for our proprietary assets and to our Full Service Accumulation, then you would be in a situation where there was a huge opportunity on other people's platforms for our strongly performing investment options with very strong multi-asset and outcome oriented capabilities. So the situation you outlined could actually be a really good one for us given the choices we would have on other platforms.
Daniel J. Houston: Okay. I'll go ahead and answer the question even though it looks like Steven may have dropped off. So, two things. We get about 5% of our asset flows through our proprietary distribution. We receive about 10% of our case counts comes through proprietary distribution. But, again, as Larry was outlining his comments on DOL, we don't think that's going to have a measurable impact on how we go about continuing to support the Principal advisor network in the future. We have had a strong history in the past of selling our plans with and without proprietary investment options. And, again, we don't see that becoming a challenge, nor do I see it becoming a substantial issue that will require adequate disclosure as we retain assets that benefiting for those people who are changing jobs or retiring.
Daniel J. Houston: Really well said. And I think, Colin, the reality is most individuals during the accumulation phase aren't thinking how they're going to draw it down or what the payout period looks like. So in-plan really I think starts morphing into at benefit event. I'm a job changer, I'm a retiree, what are my options? And so maybe five year, seven years leading up to that important date, 55, 57, 62, 65, or 67, whatever the appropriate age is, that person wants to see options. Now the good news is the way Jim manages the money, most of what we're managing is long-term retirement savings oriented strategy. So whether it is a systemic draw-down, whether it's the purchasing of an income annuity, whether it's the retaining the money within the plan to – and many times experience a lower overall administrative cost and investment management fee, there are so many different choices for that participant to make, which really now ties us back to the DOL. We've got to be in a position where we can have a substantive conversation with someone nearing retirement on what their options are. And to-date, as you know, we've been quite successful in retaining about 50% of those assets because of our ability to have that information and have those conversations.
Daniel J. Houston: Yeah, Seth. Thanks for the question. And frankly, I think again, it's way too early to speculate. There's a lot of ground to still cover, not just about the carve-out but the balance of the regs that have been presented. And so when I think about this topic, I really start at the top and think about the DOL. They don't want to see workplace retirements to go away. There's no question in my mind about that. The second is if you look at the workplace retirement savings in the past, there's $22.5 trillion that's now been saved in the public and the private sector between DB and DC. Of that, $15 billion is defined contribution and IRAs, rollover IRAs for the most part, that's $15 trillion that have been saved in a voluntary system primarily through the workplace. You can look at the last few years, there's better plan designs that should improve coverage and adequacy. Advisors clearly have contributed in a meaningful way to the success of the workplace retirement plans as we know them today. And the reality is the average American worker needs advice and guidance and left to their own devices that are somehow relying purely on technology as a way to save for retirement, it won't get it done. So whether it's the carve-out exemption or half a dozen of the other provisions within the proposed regulations, I think we have very good facts to back up the position that what we have today is working quite well. I think about – just in the case of the smaller plans, they're probably in the greatest need for the advisor. And in the greatest need for a company representative to come out and appropriately design a plan. And so to the extent that the decision-making, and I would tell you today the vast majority of the decisions for large, medium, and small plans, they bifurcate very much their decision based upon the record keeping administrative services and then separately from the investments. And no doubt the DOL will ultimately and again if you read Secretary Perez's comments from his testimony earlier this week, he wants to work with industry. He wants to find ways to do this. And so when it gets down to the investment options, clear, adequate disclosure as we have in the past, transparency about the fees, transparency about of the mechanics of these plans, I think will allow us to end up with a set of final regs that won't significantly disrupt the way in which advisors and a company like Principal currently provide plan services to small employers. Hopefully that helps.
Daniel J. Houston: I would say, Seth, to this point, and I appreciate the question, we're winning investment mandates because we got 91% of our investment options in the top two quartile rankings of Morningstar, that is just lights out performance for five year. One and three year kind of in that 87% plus. And, again, I can't emphasize enough, we've been in an open architecture choice environment for a decade. And employers know that, participants know that, and certainly the advisors know that. So, again, I don't think there's any sort of – because Principal provided the record keeping administration, they "had to take the proprietary options". They're separate decisions and, again, it's strong performance. And, frankly, strong performance across a broad set of asset classes made available. We've got 100% of our target date series in the top two quartiles. And, again, that's going to capture about a one-third of the assets. So, it will be open architecture, it's going to continue to be competitive. And even with the DOL, we'll have to continue to adequately represent the product for what the cost is and what the performance is.
