Tim Dunbar: Yes. Thanks, Jimmy. So for the quarter, we had negative $0.3 million or $300 million in net cash flows. And I do think, as you suggest, it was a sort of tale of two sales during the quarter. So for the first two months, January and February, we actually saw a very strong sales, particularly as it relates to our platforms. And actually, I would tell you that, that really continued throughout the quarter. We did see a lot of churn in our platforms towards the end of the quarter-end March. But overall, we ended up with about $800 million of positive net cash flow on those platforms. And that is actually a record for us, included the mutual funds as well as the CITs. Interestingly, in mutual funds, I would tell you that where we saw the net cash flows were really in equities, blue chip, mid-cap and several of our other equity capabilities. In the CITs, it was really related to stable value. So you could see some of our clients moving to a little bit safer place. On the institutional side, we did see negative net cash flows. That's a combination of some of our clients really taking some of the real estate bets off the table. I think we realized and talked to you quite a bit about the performance fees associated with the hotel fund in Europe that hit in fourth quarter. Those assets actually went out the door in first quarter. There are a couple of other real estate mandates that contributed to that. And then we saw institutional clients really looking to rebalance their portfolios and in some cases, build cash for liquidity or to maybe seize the market opportunity as they saw what kind of disruptions we had. So those were really the basic trends. Overall then for the affiliated cash flows, which would include the general account, we saw a slightly positive, about $100 million in net positive cash flows.
Tim Dunbar: No. Actually, we are seeing – we continue to see relatively positive results. And I just want to shout out to our distribution team who, as you know, were all working from home. They have really been instrumental in making sure that they remain – continue relationships with our clients. They've done a great job of providing sources of information and insights into the market as well as into the solutions that they need to build their portfolios going forward. And they've just done an excellent job. So initially, as I said, we were seeing flows move to cash and other stable value products. Right now, we're starting to see some of those flows go back into risk assets. You kind of have had a bifurcated group of institutional clients that are – some that are on the sideline right now and taking a very cautious tone. And then you have some that are really poised to take advantage of the marketplace, and we're starting to see those come back into the market. So flows have been relatively good in April.
Tim Dunbar: Sure. And I'd just remind you that, obviously, we have a very diversified commercial mortgage loan portfolio. And the metrics going into this crisis are quite good. So somewhere around 45% loan to values, 1.6 debt service coverage ratios. I mean actually, we've been very selective about how we've built that portfolio over the years. Right now, we are starting to see some clients look for debt relief. But in April, we had over 99% of our mortgage loans pay on time. We do have a process where we're working with them. As you know, NAIC has given us relief through June, and we're looking for them to continue to give us relief on credit drift through the end of the year. As we look at the various asset classes, we would expect hotels, retail to both be the hardest hit as it relates to valuations. There, we're thinking they might be somewhere in terms of write-downs of 30% to 35%, really depending on the specifics there. So as you know, it's very dependent on the location, depending on the quality of the assets. In our portfolio, we have very little hotel, really not much exposure there at all. And as it relates to retail, we’re well below the NCREIF index waiting to retail. And then as you look at our retail more specifically, we feel like we’re really well positioned, really not much exposure to malls, at really only about $128 million in malls and then not much exposure, a lot of exposure to grocery anchored retail, which, as you know, has actually probably been doing pretty well. The rest of the portfolio, we’re overweight in industrial, a little overweight in office, and those are in marquee locations and are very well positioned. So we would expect to see write-downs probably somewhere in the 20% to 25% range on average. I hope that helps.
Tim Dunbar: Sure. A couple of things going on there is that, obviously, with the shelter in place orders, the lack of travel, a little bit hard to go out in private assets and inspect those properties and really close on those. And we’ve seen a real trail off in terms of acquisition and sales in that marketplace. So that’s really abated for the time being. We’re starting to see a lot more activity pick up. People find ways to get out and inspect those properties either virtually or in person. So we would start to see that pick up. But we do believe that it will be a lag effect, and the third quarter will start to pick up somewhat. And then fourth quarter, we hope, will get back to normal. So the delay or the backup in terms of our revenue associated with that would be related to transaction fees, which we would see being less or a bit pressured and then being able to put clients’ money to work in some of those real estate strategies that we have.
Tim Dunbar: That’s absolutely correct. I think we expect that we will continue to be in a very good position as it relates to actual credit losses on our real estate portfolio. So you’re right.
Tim Dunbar: Yes, thanks Suneet. Specifically, what I was talking about with NAIC is that they've granted relief. If you negotiate with some of your mortgage holders to forebear their payments for a period of time. Typically, NAIC would require that if you hadn't received the payment for 90 days that you would have, there would be a fair amount of rating strip for those commercial mortgage loans. They've abated that through June, and we're expecting or hoping that they will continue that through the end of the year. And that's what we're working very closely with the NAIC on along with other association.
Deanna Strable: Yes. Humphrey, thanks for the questions. So as you know, we did identify on our – in our slides that we have lowered our target for external deployment. We came into the year targeting $1.2 billion to $1.7 billion. That includes M&A. It includes our common stock dividends and it includes share buyback. We're now lowering that to a range of $800 million to $1 billion, which does include the $372 million that we deployed in the first quarter. So if you do the math on that, really, what it does imply is that there's limited M&A. We have the reality of the business today and the environment we're in. Those options and activities have very much stalled. It includes us maintaining our shareholder dividend for the rest of the year and at the low end, would have no additional share buybacks and at the high end would have nearly $200 million of share buybacks for the rest of the year. I think it's important to note that when you're thinking about capital deployment in this time of uncertainty, and I think the uncertainty really is evident in that very little of the positive or negative impacts that we're going to see and that are outlined on Slide 7 have really materialized, obviously, you want to be very prudent and likely conservative when you're thinking about your baseline scenario. So I want to just give you a little bit of color on what our baseline scenario includes. And again, that was really what led us to that $800 million to $1 billion. So our baseline scenario would have 50,000 to 100,000 U.S. deaths related to COVID. It would have the S&P 500 dropping to 2,200 in the second quarter and then ending the year at 2,800. Obviously, if you look at the market today, we're above that ending year number already. And it has flat interest rates and IOER for the rest of the year. It has normalizing of spreads as we go through the rest of the year. It has a very significant decline in GDP with a 20 to 22 basis point quarter-to-quarter annualized rate in the second quarter with some improvement in third quarter and fourth quarter. And it has a very – 13% second quarter unemployment with some improvement in third quarter and fourth quarter. So I think you'd probably agree that's a conservative baseline assumption, but what is factored into that external deployment target that we laid out. What I would say is we're going to continue to evaluate where we end up in that range. We'll continue to be prudent. But really, we're not going to make any decisions to change that until we gain better clarity on the path forward, how it's playing out in terms of earnings, how it's playing out in terms of drifts and impairments, how it's playing out relative to sales and lapse activities within our businesses. And so again, I think we'll be in a more informed position on the second quarter call and as we go throughout the rest of the year. But that's really how we think about that and how we're framing our capital deployment.
Deanna Strable: Yes. The only other comment I’ll add, Ryan, is that the rules of thumb that we have given in the past and that were included in the appendix are holding together pretty well. And so I think I would use that as a guide as you think about our growth and margins going forward.
Deanna Strable: The other thing I would say is you specifically asked around a one notch drop in every – I'm not sure that's the most realistic scenario. I think if you point to the high quality that we have, and I think the likelihood that most of the drifts and impairments are going to happen, one in flex sectors but two in the lower end of those quality curves. What we have quantified what we think in our baseline scenario, and it's in the $400 million to $800 million range, but that encompasses both drift and impairments. The other thing I think I'd state is that unlike the financial crisis where it took some time for that to materialize. And actually, you saw that kind of even ramp up over the time frame. We actually think that this will be very front-end loaded with the majority of the impact actually happening in 2020. I think if you go back to Slide 7, though, I think we have a number of levers that can offset that. That includes reducing our external deployment, which we've already talked about. It includes some of the expense management actions that we're going to take. And then I do think even though long-term, we want to continue to grow the sales of our spread businesses, when we do see those reduce, we do see lower need for organic growth to support those sales. And that's a pretty significant number when you think about how that might add up. So hopefully, that frames it, but again, that was really looking almost sector by sector and asset by asset to come up with that range and we think it's a pretty reasonable estimate.
Deanna Strable: Yes. I think it's hard to do because every product has a different capital charge. I think it could be half of what I just said from drifts and impairments in that range. But some of it depends on, does that come in PRT? Or does that come in income annuities or retail fixed deferred annuities? And so the makeup matters, but I think it could be in that range of half of what I said for impairments in drift.
Dan Houston: Humphrey, appreciate the questions. And again, when we get to the second quarter call, I'm sure we'll be able to shed a lot more light on these specific programs. So thank you.
Dan Houston: Yes. I mean, the bottom line is we haven’t changed our ranges for RIS-Fee. They’re still very much intact. And it’d be very difficult to sort of try to re-imagine what that might look like for the balance of the year. We have fully – our intentions are to deliver on the same level of margin and growth. But I’ll ask Deanna to make any additional comments.
Dan Houston: And Luis, you and your team have probably been one of the most aggressive on the digital transformation. But – and when you respond, would you also give us a little bit of color because I think the work that you’re doing with Ant Financial on the joint venture in China speaks volumes about the ability to ramp up with millions of new customers and billions of AUM.
Dan Houston: Yes. So the first thing I would say is we’re going to take our employees’ health as the highest priority in terms of how we reload our buildings. And as Amy was describing, it’s been actually heartwarming to see how effective our employees have been working in a remote environment. And you’d never test it this long in any sort of tabletop exercise. And it’s gone, I think, better than all of us would have expected. And by the way, that’s a global number, not just a domestic number. We think that we’ll end up with a large percentage of our population that wants to come back into what I’ll call a traditional office environment. I think we're going to be more comfortable with having more flexibility in how people get their work done. But I will tell you, there's more employees than you might think that are anxious to get back for the collaborative nature, the friendships. So I think it is going to change things. Having a meaningful change in office or commercial real estate, I don't know. Maybe, maybe yes, but we'll have to see how that goes. But we certainly look forward to the opportunity to have face-to-face meetings with our employees in the future. So hopefully, that helps.
Dan Houston: Yes. So good question and appropriate. Why don't I have Tim take it first and then have Deanna clean it up.
Dan Houston: Yes, I'd be happy to. When you think through these most challenging times, you ask yourself whether or not the strategy is – has worked and will work. And I think about the 33 million customers that we have. The 200,000 business owners that we have around the world, and the demand for our products and services are relevant and in high demand, and I don't see that changing. So the strategy is very much on track. I have to tell you, I've been humbled by our employees' ability to adapt to this new environment. I couldn't be more proud of their resiliency and their commitment to support our customers, the participant as well as the plan sponsor and our institutional customers. We work, frankly, tirelessly to serve our customers to help them through the crisis with resources, technical support and concessions to help bear some of the burden that employers are going through. I'm convinced the shareholders are going to be rewarded as we work our way through this process, and it is challenging. But with that, I would just say this. I wish you much help and happiness and safety, as you also work through this challenging time and look forward to talking to you at the end of the second quarter. Thank you.
Renee Schaaf: Yes, absolutely. Thank you for the question, Andrew. When we consider the net cash flow outlook for 2020, we do see that remaining in the 1% to 3% range for 2020. And as you might guess, when we look at sales, we do see that our pipeline has slowed a little bit as a result of COVID. But on the flip side, client retention is anticipated to be better. So to some extent, there's a natural offset to what we might see in terms of sales. With respect to recurring deposits, we had an incredibly strong first quarter with a 14% increase over one – the quarter one year ago. And while we do think that the recurring deposits will moderate a bit through the remainder of the year as a result of the environment that we're in, we do anticipate seeing strength in recurring deposits, which then the last thing that I would touch on with respect to thinking about the annual net cash flow is the participant withdrawal and the behaviors that we might see there. So maybe to frame this a little bit for you. When we take a look at the actual participant withdrawals that we saw in 2009, which was the height of the financial crisis, we saw that those withdrawals were about 11% of average account values. And those withdrawals were for any reason. So hardship withdrawals, loans, persons leaving the plan for any reason. And to frame that or to give you a point of comparison, in 2019, that same figure was about 11%. So we do anticipate we'll see a little bit of a tick up. But when you take everything all under consideration, sales offset by better client retention, continued strong deposits and participant withdrawals that will tick up, but we believe still will be in the manageable range, we feel confident in that 1% to 3% net cash flow projection.
Renee Schaaf: Yes, absolutely. John, thank you for that question. One of the opportunities that we have taken full advantage of with respect to technology is keeping a very close contact with clients, with advisers and consultants and participants as we’ve gone through these unprecedented times. So we have been very fortunate to not only be able to deploy technology that allows us to reach wide audiences using technology, but also to have the kinds of presentation technologies in place that allow us to continue to showcase our capabilities and continue to allow us to create contacts and deliver on the sale and on retention, on servicing on an ongoing basis. The other thing that I would add is we have been, our sales, our service teams and really not only within RIS, but across the enterprise have been very forward-thinking and very proactive in reaching out to every constituent and providing meaningful information and guidance to them. We have not been reticent. We’ve been very present and very active in the marketplace. And so if anything, I believe that our clients, participants, advisers and consultants have learned that they can rely on us through every single economic scenario, and this one, without exception.
Renee Schaaf: Yes, absolutely. So Alex, again, just to reiterate, we are extremely pleased with this integration. The integration is on track. Client retention is on track. Our value proposition continues to resonate with clients. And also, very importantly, there is an incredible amount of collaboration and teamwork between the IRT team at Wells Fargo and Principal. We really are functioning as one cohesive team. And that matters on several fronts. First off, our ability to deliver the value proposition in a smooth transition to our clients from RIT to principal. But also our ability to work together to control and to manage costs, including that of the TSA so we would anticipate that the TSA expenses would continue to bend down over the course of time as services begin to diminish from the IRT team and as the IRT employees come on to Principal. But the really good news is that everything is on track. We feel good about our ability to smoothly migrate customers, and we couldn't be more pleased with the progress that we've made.
Renee Schaaf: So Alex, this is Renee again. We would anticipate to see the TSA fees come down as clients and employees begin to migrate. And keep in mind that the clients will start to migrate at the end of this year, but the migration will continue into 2021. So we'll see some moderation of TSA expenses but I think you'll see the largest moderation begin to occur next year.
