Deanna Strable: Yeah. I'll start there where Dan ended, which is, you'll see us continue to be very balanced and disciplined relative to capital deployment. We obviously suspended our buyback in early March at the start of the market turmoil, but we did re-enter the market in fourth quarter with 75 million in purchases and more in the market currently today, as we sit here in the first quarter due to our strong capital position, as well as more certainty on our future impacts. At the February outlook call we’ll reiterate our expected external capital deployment range for 2021, but I think bottom line where we have a very strong capital position, and all deployment opportunities and options are on the table.
Deanna Strable: It's probably a combination of both. You did hear us say on the prepared remarks that we do expect some impact from drift and impairments in 2021. Obviously, it's been a very unusual market cycle, given the support that the government has done in helping businesses through this. And – but again, we did lower even our 2021 expectation. Last quarter, we said [I was] expecting around, 400 million; this quarter, we're saying around 300 million, probably with a range of [200 to 500]. So, we do think there will be some impact, but we also expect that we will dividend out of the life company to the holding company. So, it'll be a combination of both.
Deanna Strable: No. I think our numbers are tracking really close to what we talked about last quarter as well. So we ended the year at $250 million with $40 million of that happening in the fourth quarter. And if we compare 2021, current expectations on expenses to what we would have thought pre-crisis, it's down about 100, so that gets you that 40%, obviously our net revenue is down from what we would have anticipated, some of that is COVID-related. So our focus is really on aligning our expenses with our revenue, but those targets on revenue and margins will again reiterate at the upcoming outlook call.
Amy Friedrich: Yeah, sure. Humphrey, thanks for the question. I think where I'm seeing it the most, and again, you asked for a level of confidence that that will continue. I'm pretty confident that the small-to-mid size market is feeling pretty good about their positioning right now. Keep in mind, a lot of the areas where we provide benefits are not necessarily going to be in those harvested industries, like some of the recreation and tourism and travel and things like that.  We're going to be providing in things like knowledge, industries, and manufacturing and kind of those white and gray color industries. And really, the feedback we're getting from small business owners in those industries is that they are almost having a harder time finding staff for the positions that they have openings for. So, what we're getting from the small business industry is least in the ones where we have a deep and broad footprint is that we're going to see good growth.
Amy Friedrich: Yeah, thanks for the question. You know, I think just to say a couple things about fourth quarter. I think fourth quarter, we had thought things would normalize a little bit more and they did in terms of what we'd consider sort of a frequency or utilization metric. What didn't normalize in fourth quarter was severity. We don't talk about dental severity a lot, as much as we do on like a disability business, but those higher dollar procedures, so restorations, the fillings or the extractions, those were we saw a lot of activity, particularly in December, right at the end of the year. And so, what I'm expecting for 2021 is dental offices are open, people are going back and they're comfortable seeing the dentist. The dentist are comfortable offering good care using PPE, they've got their – they've got it down to a science in terms of their patient flow with the right safety measures put in place. So, my hope and expectation for 2021 is that we will begin to just simply normalize back to normal claim patterns for dental.
Amy Friedrich: Yeah. Thanks for the question. So, we are really glad we made the accelerated digital investment in term life straight through processing. So what that enabled us to do was, was really keep up with the demand. And some of the things we're doing with that straight through processing are the things you would imagine. We're trying to make sure it's really easy that as much of it can be done through some sort of an accelerated or simplified underwriting process, and that you can handle it all digitally. We've made that extension though to our distributors. So, it's not just a front facing customer. It's to our distributors and intermediaries that get to take advantage of this all the way through digital e-delivery of the policy. And so when I think of fourth quarter, fourth quarter was a little bit of a culmination of a whole bunch of business throughout the year and making sure we got it fully processed. So, I would say fourth quarter is probably a little bit overstated in terms of what we would think to model, but the market interest matched with our capabilities is very high for term life. So, I would continue to assume that that makes up a really healthy portion of our life sales growth.
Renee Schaaf: Yeah. Thank you very much for that question. And just to tag on a little bit. When we look at our pipeline, and we see how that's performed over the course of the last year, we did see that the pipeline took a significant decline as a result of COVID, early in the year. But the really positive news is that that pipeline has begun to rebound. And that's true for the small plan market, as well as for the mid and for the large. So that again showed some signs of strength and showed signs of recovery. With respect to the recurring deposits, when we look at the in-plant enrollment and the number of participants who are actually deferring, we did see that decline, of course, it reached its low point in May, but since then it just continued to climb back out. So, we're very nearly at the same level of in-plan deferrals that we would have seen one year ago, which is a very encouraging sign. And to Dan's point, we are seeing employers begin to reinstate matches, and those reinstatements are happening quicker with the small plan market. So, good signs all around.
Renee Schaaf: Yeah, thank you. And good morning, Jimmy. And as Dan just referenced, the CARES Act included a provision that allowed participants to access 401(k) funds without penalty for COVID-related financial hardships. And all it required was a simple signature. That particular provision sunsetted at the end of 2020. So, the COVID-related hardship withdrawals that we've been reporting on will now, they came to a stop at the end of 2020. We will, of course, continue to see normal hardship withdrawals for the plan, but normal hardship withdrawal requires a much more stringent evaluation. And so, we anticipate that hardship withdrawals will return to a more historic pattern, and will not be something that will likely need to comment on in the future.
Renee Schaaf: Yes. So, yes. Hardship withdrawals, by definition, came to a stop in the end of 2020. And so now, the hardship withdrawal pattern that we'll see going forward will be more closely aligned with the overall economic conditions. And again, we'll have a much more stringent definition for accessing those funds. If we see an uptick, it'll be relatively small, and probably will not be something that stands out with respect to our net cash flows.
Renee Schaaf: Yeah, absolutely. Thank you for the question, Tom. With respect to the first quarter, we will see expenses of course reset. And so, I think that I don't anticipate that we're going to see expenses be anything out of line or out of pattern with what we have seen with previous first quarters or anything that's particularly unusual there. With respect to margins, and so now you're looking at the other end, you're looking at revenues. Revenues, of course, are impacted by the market. We've had a nice market performance so far in this quarter, but it still remains to be seen how that that really tracks for the rest of the quarter. Remember that with the IRT block of business, we’ll see a little bit of pressure on that because of the anticipated lapse rates, which by the way are right in-line with our models, so nothing out of the ordinary there. So, we can get more into our outlook in the upcoming call, but I'm not seeing anything that's particularly remarkable or anything that's out of the ordinary with first quarter.
Renee Schaaf: Yeah, absolutely. And thank you for that question. When you look at the pre-tax operating earnings, fourth quarter 2020 over fourth quarter 2019 and you adjust – you take out the impact of the actuarial adjustment review. There are a couple of things that are impacting that. First off, of course market performance is a help and that definitely has a nice impact upward. It helps revenues, but that is offset then by lower revenues from deposits, as a result of the IOER reserve and that had about a $10 million negative there. Shock lapse also comes into play, but shock lapse is running right where we thought it would, when we originally did the model. So we're very pleased with the shock lapse and then of course there's just the normal fee pressures and fee compression that we see with this particular line of business. So when we look overall, we remain very positive on how this line of business is performing and how the fundamentals are unfolding and when we look at the IRT integration, we're really pleased with how this is positioning us for future growth. This acquisition has not only propelled us to be one of the top three retirement providers in the United States, it's also allowed us to leverage this transaction in this acquisition to add a number of different capabilities to our platform to serve plans of all sizes and it's given us considerable strength and presence in the large plan market. So, when we look ahead, we can see that the acquisition and the fundamentals of this business are very solid and we anticipate that we'll begin to see that unfold over the course of the next few quarters.
Renee Schaaf: Yeah, absolutely. So, we see a variety of different ways that plan sponsors want to charge fees or want to have fees charged to them rather. And as Dan mentioned in the smaller plan market that tends to be a little bit more based on assets, as you get into the larger market, it tends to be more based on participants and other activities or activity based. I think the point is though, is that we will remain flexible, we are flexible in how we do our pricing constructs, we're willing to work with plan sponsors to figure out ways that best reflect their plan objectives and it's just a normal part of the market and it’s something that we're used to dealing with.
Dan Houston: Jimmy, you're poking around on this sort of macro economic recovery question, and I get that. One data point that I saw I thought was interesting was that the high watermark for unemployment benefit requests peaked out in May at 25.9 million requests. That number is now down to 4.8 million. So, significant reduction in the number of unemployment benefit request. And although that number is still higher than the pre-pandemic measure, it's down considerably. And my guess is that's going to tie directly towards growth in small-to-medium sized business. Hardship withdrawals, loans, etcetera. So, I wouldn't be surprised to see that significantly improved throughout the balance of 2021. Thanks for the question.
Dan Houston: Well, all I know is we – Tim Dunbar retired and Pat Halter stepped in. And so Pat, can we count on higher margins from here? That's maybe my question for you.
Dan Houston: Renee, you want to provide your thoughts there? And I know we'll have more to talk about in February on the outlook call.
Dan Houston: And Josh just on a technology side, I noted that there were 72% of the medical – all applications were done online, and 96% of the applications were delivered in an e-delivery format. So, really efficient operations within the life area. Thanks for the questions.
Dan Houston: So I think you're awfully confident about your key strategy as well, feeling that our method of investing aligns well with what consumer demand is today.
Dan Houston: I don't think that's a new phenomenon, that's existed in the large case market for a very long time, but Renee, your thoughts there.
Dan Houston: Seems like the nomenclature that's most commonly used, Suneet, in these finalist presentations as required revenue and we know what our margin targets are, we know what it takes to handle a more complex case, we know that the economics on a TR plan, which is about 50% of our new sales this past year are different and so there is always a revenue analysis that's set on any new piece of business that comes to the Principal. Appreciate the questions.
Dan Houston: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Mike. And as you could witness by our decision to divest ourselves of our business in India, we managed the portfolio, literally every quarter and we look closely at capital deployment. We do a risk analysis to understand what risk exist. We obviously just completed an actuarial review in the third quarter. So, when we look at our annuity block and life block, these are core to what we do. And to your point, they are complementary. They're strategically aligned.  Our business owner executive solutions, our deferred comp funding vehicles that are produced in large part out of the Life division are very helpful. Our customers are looking for us to provide guaranteed income in retirement. We want to be smart about how we price those features. These are balance sheet intensive businesses, but at the present time, we do use third party for reinsurance purposes and we evaluate options, but at the present time, we feel very good about our business model and how we finance it and the various component parts, but very much appreciate the question.
Dan Houston: Yeah. Sorry to beat you to the punch there. I was ready to go, I guess. And again, I appreciate Humphrey, your comments and shout out to Luis. Luis, thank you for just an extraordinary job. Luis will still be close by. He is going to remain our Chairman of the Board of Principal International for the next couple of years. He will be available to us to help in our relationships with joint venture partners. He'll be a great sounding board for Roberto and Thomas and certainly be very helpful to me, as we continue to expand and grow our international presence. I know this quarter had a lot of noise, I read your write ups. I think in the midst of a global pandemic, you're going to get a lot of noise. We try to be incredibly transparent with you. As investors, we want you to be well-informed with what our thinking is. We look forward to having deeper conversations with the outlook on the 25 of February, but certainly appreciate your support. So with that, we'll bring the call to an end. Thank you.
Pat Halter: Well Tom, thanks for the message and vote of confidence Dan. I think the strong market performance Tom, obviously aided the strong fourth quarter. I think expense management, which I'll talk about in a minute also aided I think a strong fourth quarter, We’d also just had some really strong cumulative net cash flow that started to generate the additional revenue, and our alpha generation was very strong. So, it absolutely was a strong quarter in terms of margins. As you know, our long-term guidance right now is 34% to 38% margin second half of the year in the third quarter and fourth quarter were above 40%.  And so your question is a fair question, in terms of what we expect going forward. And we'll be talking more about that in the outlook call in February. But the margins definitely have been benefiting from the favorable markets, and from our expense controls. And we're going to continue to add, I think, a strong disciplined approach as we go forward in terms of trying to have good expense alignment with our revenue, and continue to produce good investment results, which obviously attracts the net cash flow.  From an expense perspective, Tom, I think, you know, we do have some seasonality coming up in the first quarter. As you recall, we usually have some payroll taxes and some long-term comp reconciliation that will probably have a little bit of impact on first quarter margins. We probably will have some additional expenses coming back through travel, if we see the vaccines developing as we see them, and we start to see our distribution teams get back on the road to see clients. And I think that's a positive in terms of potential for growth. And then obviously, we do have a reset in terms of some of the incentive compensation structures we have in the Asset Management Group. But we are going to continue on the expense side to invest, invest for growth, and that is a very important part of our expectations going forward too. So more to come on that Tom, but I feel good about where we're at right now.
Pat Halter: Yeah. Erik, thanks for the question. One of the great things about our platform is, we offer a lot of choice. And we also offer a lot of value in terms of our alpha generation capabilities and being a global sort of a provider of that choice value, we see flows that vary from quarter-to-quarter. And I think this quarter was a strong quarter in fixed income. Prior quarters, we had strong quarters in things like real estate. And so my sort of take on all this is, we're going to continue to be very solution-oriented as a global asset management firm and provide choice. And my guess, there is enough money in motion throughout the world and our segments of the marketplace, retail, retirement, and institutional that [indiscernible] providing choice, I think we can capture that share in the marketplace. So, my guess, we will continue to see those asset classes shift a little bit from quarter-to-quarter, Erik, but we think we're well positioned both in fixed income, equities, and candidly alternatives. We think some of the opportunity again is a pickup in alternatives in our strength in real estate and we're starting to see some investor interest actually pick up globally in real estate again.
Pat Halter: Yeah. That's a great follow-up, Dan. We definitely are seeing more support from an investor base in ESG, it really started in Europe, it's really becoming global and it's really starting to take hold in the U.S. and all of our investment strategies in terms of investment approach processes and corporate ESG, I think we're well-positioned to have I think a great sort of flow of that capture in future also.
