Daniel Houston: Yes, the Retirement Enhancement Security Act and better known as RESA. I have had an opportunity to spend a fair amount of time on Capitol Hill talking about this. You can forget how frequent we actually do have legislation that tries to promote retirement savings. I would say for the most part, we find this one to be a comprehensive bill that is additive and net positive for the industry. And with that, let me ask Nora to go ahead and add some additional detail.
Daniel Houston: Just one other thing I'll add there, Humphrey. If look back at kind of the low point of what the average deferral, it was kind of in the mid-6%. Now it's north of 8%. And that percentage difference is quite significant when you think about just overall deposits coming into these plans. So I think the message around increasing your savings commitment to retirement is important and it's out there, and we're seeing it in our stats. So thanks for your questions.
Daniel Houston: Just a quick comment before Luis gets into that, Jimmy. I mentioned in my prepared comments -- we've had a lot of conversations around Europe for a long time. We identify emerging markets as a place that you want to do business. You have to accept a lot of the conditions that are in place, one of which, of course, is typically more politically volatile, although I say that somewhat hesitantly with the backdrop here in the U.S. and some of our policies. Secondly and perhaps more importantly, it's just the volatility in the local economic markets, whether you're measuring currency, you're measure economic output. But I think Luis and his team have just done an outstanding job identifying the right markets for us to be in. Brazil certainly falls under that category. I couldn't feel more confident about that management team's ability to manage their way through this rough patch in Brazil. But with that, I'll turn it over to Luis to answer your question very specifically.
Daniel Houston: It's a good question, Erik, and I appreciate that. Just a quick comment. I was actually in China just last week visiting with a lot of senior government officials and, of course, our very close friends at China Construction Bank, of which we, as you know, have an open MOU as we continue to explore expanding that relationship. And I would tell you that in spite of a lot of the rhetoric that we're hearing about in terms of trade, and it is a topic of discussion, I don't believe that those issues are standing in our way of advancing our relationships in Southeast Asia or Latin America for that matter. But with that, I'll turn it over to Luis.
Daniel Houston: Yes. So good question. The first thing I would say is these things, as you know, are very difficult to predict. There's a lot of people that have to make decisions, including regulators, when you have a foreign buyer coming in to take a minority share. We have had a very healthy dialogue with the appropriate government officials who would ultimately have to approve our purchasing a piece of an existing retirement company that is owned by China Construction Bank. We've had very healthy dialogues at the most senior levels of the bank. We've also had those same conversations within the subsidiary company that manage these assets. The MOU, as you know, is already underway in terms of already exploring the use of our technology, the capabilities and expertise that we can bring to the table. But I'd like to think that sometime in the next sort of 6 to 9 months, we can bring resolution. In terms of capital, that's an item that has not been completely quantified at this point in time. It's a manageable number. We would have a minority stake. And as those details become more clear, we'll be sure and share those with you. But again, I don't look at it as a -- in a magnitude of our balance sheet as being a disruptive sort of number to gain access to the retirement market. In terms of its impact, once we do buy in, it's a little bit like all these other businesses that Luis and Jim have built over the years, which is it doesn't happen the first couple of years, but you find that will -- flying as time goes on and generating strong profits down the road. So again, we want to be there. We can see the economic upside of doing so and feel good about our chances of getting there.
Daniel Houston: Yes. It is a good question. And maybe just because we're out of time here, I'll take this one real quickly. And the fact of the matter is this has been a sweet spot for us for a long time. We tend to play at the smaller to medium-sized end of the spectrum. We view the business as being very optimistic. We're very disciplined at how we go about the pension risk transfer business. Although the first half of the year was a little bit light here, we anticipate making it up in the second half of the year. We like it. It's core to our strategy. And again, of all things I worry about, that's frankly just not one of them. So thank you for the questions, Suneet.
Daniel Houston: Yes. Just to be very brief here, my quick observations are the following, and that is it was a -- from our perspective, a good quarter and a very good half to the first start of the year. We have taken a very balanced approach with capital deployment. You heard Deanna specifically frame the acquisitions that we have made and that they are accretive, which we feel good about. Also, I want to reemphasize, we're going to continue to invest in this business. For long-term shareholder value, we must continue to make those investments. And the fact that -- and I thought Luis and Jim did a really nice job here covering the emerging markets. By their very nature, they're going to be volatile. But we need to be there, where there's a lot of upside growth for shareholders. Just as a reminder to what John had shared at the beginning of the conversation, we are going to have an investor meeting in Tokyo on September 28. We'd love to have you join us and also again in November 15 in New York City. So again, thank you for your interest in the company, and look forward to seeing you on the road here in the next few months. Thank you.
Nora Everett: Sure. So there's a couple of things happening. You probably also heard about tax 2.0 that the House Ways and Means Committee Chair Brady released, I think, within the last couple of days, yes, on July 24. So in combination -- and what Brady is -- there's a speculation that Brady will actually take RESA, that bill, and potentially attack the 2 together. We are certainly proponents of RESA. You're talking about open MEPs that would help address coverage gaps. You're talking about a safe harbor for in-plan annuity options, to your point. There's a lot of opportunity with that particular piece of legislation to both address some of the coverage gap but obviously also positive to our business and our business model, so very much in favor of moving that piece of legislation forward. Tax 2.0 is interesting. So what Brady is outlining, and it's just an outline at this point, is a new savings vehicle called universal savings account. And that would be an individual account with after-tax dollars potentially up to $5,500 investment tax-free with less restriction around withdrawals. And the interesting thing about that account is, from our perspective, we want to make sure if this legislation moves forward, that there's a good balance between continuing to incent long-term savings and obviously addressing some of the, what I call, a rainy day fund issue. So we are absolutely in favor of anything that's going to enhance that long-term savings piece of the equation and certainly a proponent for addressing the coverage gap.
Nora Everett: Sure. So to your question, there are multiple factors that are feeding in, and Dan's identified some of them. Certainly, a big factor is we continue to grow the number of plans we work with. We continue to grow the number of participants we work with, the number of participants with account values. So you've got the macro piece and you also have the fundamental business piece where we continue to grow the business. I would focus on the trailing 12-month as well because quarter-to-quarter, you're going to see some noise, whether that's ESOP, whether that's defined benefit. But even that trailing 12-month growth number at 7% is a really healthy trailing 12 months over trailing 12 months. So we look forward, we see these accelerants with regard to the number of plans, the number of participants, the economics around both wage growth and the fact that folks are increasing their deferrals and their employees are increasing their match, so a lot of positive momentum with those underlying fundamentals.
Nora Everett: Sure. So Suneet, we've talked about this before. And this quarter, it actually was masked a little bit by the lower net investment income. But if you look even quarter-over-quarter, our fee revenue growth is up 4%, up $12.7 million. And that is actually as expected, and we've talked about this before. We look at -- and this is an industry trend as well, as you look at that average account value going up and relate that to revenue growth, you're going to see, we all are going to see that gap. It's a longstanding industry trend. We tend to see it between 4% and 8%, the gap between average account value growth and revenue growth. Sometimes it's going to be more. Sometimes it's going to be less. It's noisy quarter-over-quarter, so we take a longer-term view. But certainly, all the things you mentioned are captured in that gap. There is -- and to Dan's point, it has been competitive for many, many years. And within that gap, not only you're going to see competitive pricing, but you're going to see product mix changes, you're going to see investment lineup changes. So all of that is captured. So certainly, no new news here. What I like to refocus on is just how important that makes that underlying fundamental growth around plan growth, participant growth, account value growth, winning our fair share and oftentimes more with regard to this very, very successful retirement investment platform that we have, especially in that target date suite, just very significant success there in our ability as we move through that suite. Today, our CIT hybrid, that combination of active and passive is still very successful. So that combination of the work that Jim and his team are doing from an asset management perspective and my team is doing from a distribution and service perspective continues to resonate in the market, and we continue to win more than our fair share.
Deanna Strable: Yes. Thanks, Humphrey, for the question. Obviously, I think we'll continue to have a very balanced and disciplined approach from capital deployment. And you pointed out, we've done that thus far this year, with the added amount really going to share buyback, really, given the attractive, compelling opportunity there with the current stock price. The first thing I would say is that $1.3 billion is not a hard cap. As we've -- if you go back over last 5 to 7 years, you've seen times we've been within our guided range and other times where we've been above that guided range. And so we'll continue to look at opportunities, evaluate them relative to each other. We do sit in here today have a $200 million board authorization remaining. So share buyback will be part of what we'll consider as we go forward, in addition to those M&A pipeline as well. As we've specifically think about share buyback, really we look at that opportunistically. It's based on valuation of the stock. It's based on our capital position at the time. And it's also, as mentioned, very much dependent on other deployment opportunities. And so all of those are somewhat hard to predict for the remainder of the year. But again, we feel good that we'll be at/or above the high end of that range, and we'll continue to be very balanced and disciplined in our approach.
Deanna Strable: Yes. Ryan, good question. That's something we're going to probably continue to evaluate. What I would say here, and I've mentioned it before, we feel in a really strong position relative to our ability to absorb that change and still have a risk-based capital that is at a level that we feel very good about. So we're sitting here today above our targeted range. We've estimated the impact to be about 45 percentage points. And when you put those 2 together, I'm confident we will still have a risk-based capital range that will be at/or just slightly below our current target. And then what we'll do is continue to watch the industry, watch our competitors and obviously react to rating agency reaction and evaluate whether that 415% to 425% remains a good target going forward.
Deanna Strable: Yes. The $86 million that I referred to on my prepared remarks or what you heard earlier today is not the shortfall in the current trailing month period. It's really comparing the fact that we had pretty positive impacts that we called out in the prior trailing 12. And so the delta between the 2 is $86 million. How we go about that is going into a year, obviously, we've embedded into our guidance a certain amount of variable investment income. And a portion -- and some of that is just hard to predict. And so what we'll call out in a given quarter, some of it is hard to predict, some of it is lumpy quarter-to-quarter, and we'll be consistent both on the plus end and the negative end, calling out when the current quarter is different than what we've expected. I'd say that the positives that we saw in the trailing 12-month period, we saw some good prepays during that period. We also saw some good benefits from real estate. I'd say if you look at the more recent quarters, prepays have become much more difficult and real estate has just been lumpy quarter-to-quarter. And so again, hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color on that. If you want to go into more detail, we can do that offline. But it does, as you mentioned, have some impacts on the OE -- reported OE and revenue growth quarter-to-quarter.
James McCaughan: Yes. Thank you, John. In terms of the pipeline, we see a lot of assets in the specialties we've talked about in the past, whether it's real estate; high yield; small cap; emerging markets, both debt and equity, although those are out of favor at the moment but still in the pipeline because institutions will often buy out-of-favor assets. So in other words, our pipeline is very much added-value products, which our clients seek for higher return. And that's really the explanation of your point about our basis points fees creeping up over time. We're seeing in the industry what I'd describe it as a decoupling between flows and revenues. Firms that have very big inflows maybe doing it for almost nothing, and therefore, not so much growing revenues. We're at the other end of it. And so our flows may have suffered, but the revenues continue to grow. A year ago, at the equivalent call, I said I was much more confident for the near future about revenue growth than I was about flows. It has worked out that way. Having said all that, I think there are signs that we're maybe on a bit of a better patch here. First point -- first number I would point to is global institutional distribution, where our sales in the first half were $8.2 billion, which is up 35% on the year before. That reflects the build we've made and the enhancements we've made in global institutional distribution. And I think that's well aligned with the strong performing and specialty capabilities we have. So in institutional, I feel pretty positive around the sales. Of course, as you know, there were reasons for outflows over the last 12 months. There were funds that were started for a fixed term. There were the performance issues two years ago at Columbus Circle. And there was the increased cost of hedging that was causing, particularly Japanese and European clients, at the margin to withdraw. You still see the first and last of those to some extent, but I do expect that we'll be in a much better position since the worst appears to be over in those sort of high level impacts on our flows. Columbus Circle, I spent some time there earlier this week, and I'm hopeful we'll be growing by 2019. The performance has come around very strongly. So if I add it all up, I'm pretty confident that the institutional flows can improve. On retail, something we did, which I think was only important as a good fiduciary, is a soft close on our very well-recognized mid-cap and SMid income strategies. We did that bringing on stream some other attractive products where our retail flows have been low. I have to say on the second quarter, we had an outflow on the 40 Act funds of about $850 million. That was a result of those attractive products picking up a bit slower than we wanted. And the soft close obviously is to conserve capacity and continue doing a good job for our existing customers. So the answer really is to try and sum it up, we're confident in the pipeline we're seeing. We think the strong performances of most of our strategies give us a lot to work with. But there are factors somewhat beyond our control that could make the flows a bit lumpy. But I do believe that this quarter was pretty representative of some good efforts by the team.
James McCaughan: Yes. On the Japan mandate we talked about at the last quarter's call as being at risk, it's at risk because of increased hedging costs. The hedging cost has gone from perhaps 50 basis points when the mandate started to well over 200 basis points. And when you're an investment grade, that's not enough to cover the spread. That mandate has not gone. It remains at risk for economic reasons, though the client relationship is very strong. We're working with that client and other Japanese clients on different ways to manage money. I wouldn't want to make a judgment as to whether our next flows in Japan will be positive or negative, but there is still a risk from the heightened cost of hedging.
James McCaughan: Yes. Not really, Erik. If you look at institutional mandates, there are always some of them were they say, great news, you've got the fund, and the money funds 12 months later. That can happen. But I don't see that really changed a lot. That may be a function of some of the specialty asset classes we're in. So that's an excuse I wouldn't make.
James McCaughan: To quantify that, John, performance fees in the second quarter totaled $6.8 million. Typically, 1/3 to 1/2 of performance fees come through to profits. So there was a boost but not a very large one. The comment I'd make on performance fees is, as you know, 2017 and the first half of 2018 have been much lower than the previous 2 years in performance fees. We had some really good harvesting of performance fees on real estate in the earlier couple of years, in 2015, 2016. I think long term, the average of performance fees will be somewhere between the heightened experience of the previous two years and the rather meager experience of the last 1.5 years. The reason I say it'll be a little lower is absolute return prospects and investments are going to be constrained by relatively low interest rates. But as you know, having said that, hope you -- I hope it's helpful to give you the exact quantification of performance fees. And I think that long term, they're going to be a material contributor even if not in every quarter to the way we show our results.
