Dan Houston: Sure, be happy to. And just a couple of quick comments on Full Service Accumulation. I’ll ask that Nora answer your question specifically on the net revenue sustainability in the fourth quarter. This franchise is incredibly strong franchise for Full Service Accumulation. Net new growth and the number of plans there this year was 1,000. We saw 120,000 new participants. We had net cash flow fall well within the range we had outlined for you this past fall. So I would just tell you on a trailing 12-month basis, look at that business for last five years, this just continues to perform to our satisfaction on a number of different metrics and certainly fourth quarter revenue is something that we can – we chat about briefly.
Dan Houston: I was thinking about that in the context of the first quarter we were light and you had a lot of confidence about Q2, Q3 and Q4 and it’s really developed as we really had planned and expected. So there’s some level of predictability in these.
Dan Houston: Jimmy one of my big takeaways clearly around doing in business internationally whether it’s China or India or Chile or Brazil. In these emerging markets there is some degree of volatility. The good news about Chile to me is that Luis has a very strong team, whether you’re talking about the annuity business, the accumulation business on both the FDA as well as the voluntary. But I’ll have Luis speak specifically at the heart of some of his take on Chile and the future and what that means for Principal going forward
Dan Houston: Those issues have gone on for a long time, class action lawsuits going after these sorts of issues and it’s frankly one of the reasons why we adopted an open architecture approach over 10 years ago to make sure that advisors working as advisors to their plan sponsors that they would have a full suite of investment options to choose from, whether that was PGI, whether it was where we subsubcontracted. Because so many of our small to medium-sized employers may not have that level of expertise. But that window for all the other outside retail mutual fund offerings had been wide open for a very long time and as you know even in our target date structure we have an open architecture approach. So if you’re asking a question about Principal and what our exposure is we feel like we’ve done an exceptional job providing lot of choice by manager, by asset class and in particular all the way down to the small size clients. And even the DOL rules that are currently proposed does not in any continued model to make those investment options broadly available in a variety of different structures. I probably hit that one a bit hard but I’ll look at Nora and see if she has anything else she would like to add onto that response.
Dan Houston: Yes, it seems we get A lot of air time in the last couple of weeks and so we’ve done our homework and you’re right, it’s a partial story just to talk about the 40 Act funds. But, Nora, because she lives that retirement franchise is probably in the best position to answer your question.
Dan Houston: Of course, the one thing that’s changed over the years is, there’s the 40 Act funds, we have managed accounts, we have separate accounts, we have collective investment trusts. And as you say, the public screens don’t catch all those assets. And at $4.5 billion on a full year basis for target date, that’s a very strong number for Principal.
Dan Houston: I think the reality is, the long-term funds are actually the short-term, what I’ll describe as money market structure, that is most problematic. And very quickly, I’ll have Luis answer that last question.
Dan Houston: So thank you. We’ll see you on the road with Deanna over the next 90 days, and look forward to seeing you very soon. Have a great day. Bye.
Nora Everett: So, John you asked about spread and let’s talk a little bit about the net revenue growth there, because there is a significant amount that’s being driven by the business. So if you look at quarter-over-quarter on RIS-Spread, net revenues up about 23%, $25 million, OE up about 40%, $25 million. If you look at the breakdown on that Delta, the net revenue growth driven by the higher variable investment income is about $12 million of that and then the growth in the business is really driving the balance. So when you look at main account value and you look at the increase quarter-over-quarter that’s about a 13% increase. And it’s strong growth that’s been driven across the product lines, we mentioned that pension risk transfer business, but we also have the investment only business in there, as well as our retail annuities. And so we’re seeing growth in each of those underlying line items significant growth that’s driving this double digit increase in account value in, net revenue and then operating earnings.
Nora Everett: Sure. So, John, yes, certainly this 4Q and 3Q, we saw bounce around quite a bit and we’re always going to see it bounce around a bit. Remember in RIS-Fee we have both that full service retirement business and our VA business. But we still expect a range if there’s a normal range, we would still expect that range to be somewhere between $15 million and $20 million per quarter. What you saw in 4Q at $23.7 million, the reason we called it out as high is it was outside that range, $6 million to $7 million or so higher amort, resulting from a couple of things, primarily what we see in that point to point actuarial exercises because of the interest rate jump, because of our fixed income portfolio getting that unfavorable reaction there in the interest rate increase and also our international equity performance. So that unfavorable performance drove some of that excess DAC, as well as just some timing issues as part of that normal quarterly roll-forward. So, yes, it will bounce around but both 4Q and 3Q tended to be outside the range which is why we called it out. We’re still looking at an expected rage 15 and 20.
Nora Everett: Yes, those margins are likely unsustainable and over and above the guidance that we gave on the 2017 outlook call. And it’s primarily driven by that higher than expected variable investment income. So you can you can connect those two dots, it’s certainly a very attractive business we expect to continue to drive these industry leading margins, but this particular quarter is unsustainable.
Nora Everett: Well said. The only thing I would add is that when you think about a plan sponsor who’s a fiduciary, they need to that – that fiduciary needs to be looking at many, many things, price being one of them. And one of the things that’s as important as price is the investment strategy in particular for the qualified default. And Dan spoke to it but I think it’s really important to highlight how we’ve addressed that issue and one of the reasons our target date continues to be such – in such strong demand is with this hybrid approach in particular, allowing in that bundled solution to have both passive and active, passive in those very efficient asset classes, active – where active is absolutely part of that fiduciary equation. You can think about different asset classes where you would want active management. So that bundled solution has been very powerful and really resonate, both with plan sponsors, fiduciaries, and also with their advisors. But that’s an example to Dan’s point, we were out ahead both with regard to the multi-manager structure, but also with regard to the hybrid investment structure.
Nora Everett: Yes, to Dan’s earlier comments, we were positive overall with our target date suite both in 4Q and full year. Full year at about $4.5 billion and in 4Q about $600 million. So that took that total AUM with regard to our target date suite increased from 53.6 at the end of 3Q to 54.2 at the end of 4Q. And again, if you look at that AUM, it includes both retirement plans and retail investors. But the vast majority of that AUM is in our retirement business.
Nora Everett: The net cash flow with regard to RIS-Fee in the fourth quarter – and I think Terry mentioned this in his comments – was really impacted by – and we’ve talked about this before. A couple of larger cases in our block of business can impact that net cash flow in a particular quarter. Very strong net cash flow full year, up $4.2 billion. In fact, $4 billion increase year-over-year in the full year net cash flow. So we’re really pleased with the net cash flow. A couple of those cases were absolutely related to M&A. We’re going to win some, we’re going to lose some. We had a couple that, our particular client was the acquired or part of a merger. So we’re going to see that. We saw a little bit of that a year ago, 4Q as well. But we’re really pleased with our overall net cash flow results. And we would expect – just looking at see in the sales pipeline, we’re optimistic about 2017 as well.
Terry Lillis: Yes, John. Let’s focus on tax and when we talk about tax in particular for Principal, you want to look at it over a longer period of time, you don’t want to look at any volatility that could happen in any one particular quarter. As we talked about the different effective tax rates for Principal, we gave guidance at the beginning of the year that would be within that 20% to 22% range. Now, when you look at it, we’ve reported an effective tax rate of just over 20% this quarter. However, because of the annual actuarial review in the third quarter, if you looked at that and adjusted for that review in the third quarter. If you look at that it – and adjusted for that it would be right in that 21% range. And so, the number’s in line with what we have said. Now, as you commented, there are some permanent differences that we get a benefit from and the DRD is one of those. That has an impact of about anywhere from 8%, 9%, 10% of that reduction in that federal 35% tax rate. So, it’s about in line with what we’ve seen in 2015, up slightly, but one of the things that we’re seeing the reasons for that – increase in that DRD benefit is because of the domestic equity performance that we’ve seen that’s been very, very strong. And that’s where we get our benefit. The target date funds with the positive flows that we’ve had there and the strong performance that we’ve had, as well as investments that individuals as well as advisors are directing their funds to our Principal branded investments and higher dividends. People are simply paying – companies are paying higher dividends. So that is expected to continue into the future. However, as we’ve given the guidance for 2017, we think the effective tax rate will go up into that 21%, 23% range, because pretax earnings are going to grow of faster than those permanent differences. And in particular, we think that will grow faster than the DRD. I hope that helps.
Terry Lillis: Just one quick comment, Jimmy. The PGI has just had an extraordinary run. As I looked to the last decade, strong growth, strong performance, our products. Jim’s done a great job assimilating a nice group of boutiques. And I think about four out of five of those boutiques having positive net cash flow. It leaves you with one in five of those boutiques, that’s the one reason or another are not performing at the same level. But with that sort of backdrop, I’ll have Jim address your specific question.
Terry Lillis: Thanks, Dan. It’s been a good run. And I look back and I reflect on it – we’re in a much stronger position now in terms of our strategy on a go-forward basis, a much stronger position in terms of our capital, and I think we have the best years still ahead of Principal. We take a balanced approach and make sure that we reflect the needs of our customers, our staff and our shareholders. And thank you all very much for the support that you’ve given me over the last several years.
Jim McCaughan: Thank you, John. If it had been a totally normal quarter, if there is such a thing, we might have had pretax $4 million or $5 million less. I think that’s about the extent of it. We didn’t call it out because if you look in the supplement on page 3, other revenue is the line that includes performance fees and transaction fees. For the 12 months as a whole that was 24% of management fee revenue. The previous two trailing 12 months were the previous two calendar years it was 23% and 26%. In other words, performance fees plus transaction fees was at a normal level in 2016 compared with the previous two years and relative to our business structure. So I don’t think it was an unusual year for performance fees and the quarter was maybe $4 million or $5 million better than it would have been totally normal on that particular basis. But you know, looking forward, we have called out that the incidence of real estate performance fees, which are mostly multiyear, and 2017 will be a bit lower than it was in the last three years. Picking up in 2018 and 2019, by the way. Since these are multi-year, we already have multiyear, we already have quite a lot of visibility into the three-year outlook. So 2017 looks like looks like the outlier when you take the two or three years either side of it. That’s why in the guidance call as Terry mentioned, we talked about 4% to 8% growth in revenues for PGI 2017 over 2016. That is a lower number than long-term we expect and that is because of the fact that we’ve had a decent and normal couple of years for incentive fees and 2017 maybe a little bit below trend.
Jim McCaughan: Yes, there is. Actually the first quarter last year was down because the transaction fees were small.
Jim McCaughan: Thank you, Jimmy. Thank you, Jimmy. The reason that the fourth quarter was an unusually negative one in flows is almost entirely to do with foreign clients who hedge their international primarily dollar balances back into their home currency. The biggest piece of that is Japanese clients. Where we have $20 billion of Japanese clients who hedge back into the yen, the yen was weak by 15% in the quarter against the U.S. dollar. That’s a straight impact on assets under management of about $3 billion just from the Japanese clients. There was more from Europe. The euro was not as weak as the Japanese yen during the quarter but it still led to some losses from hedging, which is you’ll realize is actually client driven. They want something that’s hedged back into their home currency. In round numbers, there was about a $4 billion diminution of AUM from the foreign currency hedging directed by clients about half of that comes through the line flows. And so you’ll see that – without that, we would have been positive. Maybes there’s hope on this one, Jimmy, because the dollars has weakened again in January, which is actually through the hedge mechanism bringing in some assets from those Japanese and European clients. So I think that’s the main point to make. Clearly, in terms of investment performance, we are not the standout winner in 2016 that we were for many years. We’re in the middle of the pack. If you look at the supplement on Page 14 it shows boutique by boutique the AUM numbers. Only two of our boutiques are down in the year. That’s Columbus Circle, which is a growth equity manager, it’s been a tough year for them, and Macro Currency Group, where we had the large passive mandate that went out in the first quarter. That by the way had pretty well no revenues. It was very low revenues being passive. So those are the only two boutiques and the only one where there’s any impact of revenues Columbus Circle. I would point out that our other equity boutiques are generally still growing. Aligned and Edge both have strategies that beat the benchmark as well as the peer group last year. Principal Global Equities and Origin were middle of the pack, which in their description is struggling, but it’s not that it’s an outlier and they were certainly gaining assets as they kept client confidence and as they did constructive things in a difficult market. So I would put a pretty brave and pretty positive outlook on this. Our equity boutiques in general are in very, very good shape. The sub-advised was down a bit in assets if you see the assets under management by boutique. Some of our non-affiliate sub-advisers had performance issues. But I think that the PGI array of boutiques, the diversification shows up well, and we’re in very good shape looking forward. The pipeline is as strong as it’s ever been right now with interest in our niche strategies.
Jim McCaughan: Thanks very much, Seth. No, it’s not – I can’t really give you that precisely, because there’s so many moving parts to incentive fees. The basic reason that we see 2017 as low, is, many of these incentive fees are multi-year. For example, the biggest one, or one of the biggest ones in the second and third – I’m sorry, the third and fourth quarters of 2016, was on our Green fund, our Green real estate fund that we launched in, I think it was 2008 and 2009. And that fund got to the end of its life. The developments had been done, the real estate sold at a very considerable profit. And that’s where the incentive fees came from. If I look forward, 2017 is a bit light on these long-term incentive fees. There are some, but there’s not as much as usual. 2018, 2019, we see a lot of resurgence in the seeds we’ve planted in the last few years, that should give us good incentive fees in those years. So that’s really the point. It’s not that I can pin on $4 million or $5 million here or there on incentive fees. Even on say, Finisar, where it’s emerging data and there’s a lot of incentive fee possibility, it’s not possible to be precise. We put ourselves in the way of that opportunity. But in aggregate, you can predict, even if for any one, it’s highly uncertain what the incentive fee will be. And I think the stability of our other revenue line shows that we have a good portfolio of these opportunities. So I hope that helps put it in perspective, Seth.
Jim McCaughan: Yes. It’s in that 4% to 8% overall revenue gain guidance. That’s where it’s encapsulated. Gosh, what would it have been if 2017 was going to be a 2016 all over again? It’s hard to speculate. But it might have been high-single to low-double-digits. So I mean I think that quantifies it.
Jim McCaughan: Yes, and if I could just add, Eric, I do think looking forward our broad range of target date solutions, which Nora touched on and Dan did, which includes different legal vehicles, 40 Act funds, insurance separate accounts and collective investment trusts, it includes use of active enhanced passive and passive. We have a very strong range of capabilities. That’s why as was mentioned during the quarter and during the year we’ve seen significant inflows to our target date suite. Furthermore, I think the environment you describe will over the next few years give us opportunities in a defined contribution investment only market for target date funds. So we’re feeling pretty optimistic about all the work we’ve done over the years to position ourselves for growth.
