Larry Zimpleman: Maybe I’ll have Julie cover that if that’s okay Stephen?Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates:  That would be great.
Larry Zimpleman: Okay well I’ll make a couple of comments and then have Dan talk about the health membership. Again I think we’ve said consistently over the last couple of years that there are two elements to the rebuild if you develop our health strategy. The first element is to run the business in a profitable way to control the loss ratio and I think the experience of the last several quarters has indicated we’re very much in good shape on that. The second element which is a little bit more difficult is ultimately stabilizing and growing the membership base. We think that that should happen probably sometime in basically should stabilize that in 2010 and we would be hopeful that we’ll start to see membership growth in 2011. But we’ll see if Dan wants to add anything there.
Larry Zimpleman: I’m not sure if your comment or your question was really in regard to specialty benefits or health or all of the above. [crosstalk]
Larry Zimpleman: Yes. Let me just make a couple of comments generally. Again I think that one of the reasons quite frankly Andrew that we have come through the financial crisis in ’08 and ’09 in my opinion better than many of our peers is because the balance and the risk diversification that we have in our businesses. And one big element of that is the risk based nature of those businesses. So, I actually look at 2008 and 2009 and I think it was actually very beneficial for the organization to have those businesses and to have the relative stability of the operating earnings that they provided. And I’m very very much aware of that as we go forward. And I would be very concerned about anything that would tend to cause the loss in the diversification. Second thing is obviously I think we continue to do a good job of managing it financially or at least remain above a 15% level which I think is a very very strong performance. And third I’d just say that any sort of sale that would result from those businesses and I don’t know why I do that since I like the diversification and the return, but any sale that I would make of those would end up being a dilutive sale by the time I ended up paying taxes, losing the covariance benefits and then having to deal with orphaned overheads. So, it doesn’t seem to me given the significance of those businesses to our S&B strategy that I can find very much reason to want to do that.
Larry Zimpleman: Again I’d say we’re studying that. We have a different view of that as do many of our peer companies in the ACLI. I think the significance of that would be around $250 million to $350 million. That’s not insignificant but again it’s about 25, 35 basis points. I’ll have Terry cover the statutory.
Larry Zimpleman: I guess I’ll start with your second one I guess and maybe I just see it a little bit differently. But I think at $1.7 billion of sales in first quarter I think that’s a significant improvement and it does reflect I think all of the elements that we have been talking about over the last couple of quarters. As again we understand this business well. We get creative pipeline. That leads to opportunities. That leads to close ratios. That leads to business. That leads to transfer deposits. So, I think all the elements are working and I think again it’s just a matter of understanding this takes two to three quarters but I think at $1.7 billion that’s a very very solid result and does I think back up all the comments we’ve made. In terms of health I guess what I would say and maybe Dan will want to comment, but I would say you’re not out of the ballpark with the estimate that you gave.
Larry Zimpleman: Well this is Larry, Jimmy. I guess I would say that all that depends on your view of the economic recovery. And I think that in your view of when, particularly the SMV sector, is going to start to see recovery. And I think that a reasonable expectation would be is it will probably be a little bit more of a back loaded year.  But that's again, not based on anything other than I think a working assumption that the recovery will be somewhat slow and steady, but will build over time. And therefore we will see continuing increases as each quarter goes forward. But we will see seasonally low sales in the second quarter and we'd probably see it build a little more toward the end of 2010.
Larry Zimpleman: This is Larry. I'll make a more general comment, and then maybe Terry can deal with the specifics. But in terms of overall ROA, if you did the math this quarter I think it's somewhere around 31 basis points. Which is pretty consistent with I think the general range that we've communicated, which is sort of we say somewhere in the range of 28 to 32 basis points. So I think, again, things look to be very, very much along the historical trend we'd expect. I'll let Terry comment on your first part.
Larry Zimpleman: Yes. What you see Suneet, Terry's point is that for example, a year ago it was $10 billion on 78. Today it's about $9.8 billion on 100. So that's the point where it's declining as a percentage and declining in absolute amount. So that was really the point of his comment.
Larry Zimpleman: This is Larry. I didn't know if you had a couple. And again, I think that's in the range of reasonableness. Again, a lot of this will depend on the economic recovery building over time and the speed with which SMBs come back to the market. Advisors are coming back to the market, that's slowly happening. And so again, I think that's a reasonable expectation for 2010, yes.
Larry Zimpleman: Yes exactly. And that’s why I was saying that the statutory earnings are going to improve throughout the year. You’ll have to see what happens on the organic growth as well as any drift but we’re not anticipating any drift so you’re absolutely right you would expect to see it go up.
Larry Zimpleman: I’d add one more comment. We do have financial flexibility as well and we have as we pointed out $1.8 billion of excess capital above a 350 RBC range and moving that around the geography of it may have an impact on the RBC ratio as well, but it’s more geography of that excess capital.
Larry Zimpleman: Randy this is Larry. I’d say that there is no specific goal that we have for RBC for 2010. These things are managed in a real time environment but having said that I think that we’re in a very, in my view we’re in a very favorable position on this and as Terry just said I think we have a lot of capital flexibility. Having said that I don’t think that there’s any senior management team or any board of directors that can come out of a set of years like 2008 and 2009 and not conclude that one of the learning’s that you’re going to have coming out of that is that you’d probably be holding somewhat higher levels of capital going forward than you have in the past. And I think historically what we’ve said is that we had sort of in the old days a targeted level of excess capital $400 million to $800 million and you can think that the levels going forward will be somewhat higher than that. But at the same time I don’t know that would be $1.8 billion. But we still have a number of quarters. We’ve got to see an economic recovery that takes hold. We’ve got to see stability in the drift which we actually saw in the first quarter. And then finally what I’d say is I think that so long as the four rating agencies all continue to have the US life insurance industry on a negative outlook I think we’ll need to see some changed views of the outlook going forward by the rating agencies in order to get them more comfortable around capital management as well. But it’s sort of like the [fed] with their discussion of extended period and maybe we’re moving to where extended period is maybe not quite as extended as it used to be.
Larry Zimpleman: We’ve never had a particular view on that one where now that’s the boards never really had a specific dividend policy or [inaudible] so, again I think the board will take a look at that later in the year and we’ll take into account a lot of factors what peer companies are doing, what the environment looks like, what our level of earnings has been in the meantime, but there’s certainly, this has been a good quarter. It’s a very very solid start to the year as I indicated and again so far the business is emerging in line with or slightly better than what our expectations would have been. So, I guess I’ll leave it there and see how the rest of the year goes.
Larry Zimpleman: You also in the seasonality of our group life in our dental business that has seasonally low earnings in the first quarter and you should see some pick-up in that throughout the year. The investment [crosstalk] Is scaling back and we’re not going to go ahead and make any estimation of the opportunistic [MP] and buy-backs that we’ve had in the first quarter so, that you need to take into consideration. 
Larry Zimpleman: I guess on the first one what I would say, Dan may want to comment, I think you would want to line up generally normal historical trends around net flows between 1Q and 2Q. The only thing that could be maybe a slight positive helping those is that again, we saw some drop off in recurring deposits last year as a result of primarily reduced or eliminated matches. Those have come back to some degree in 4Q and to some degree in 1Q.  So again a little bit of it will depend on how much additional lift we get from matches that have been suspended or eliminated in 2009 but that will be restored coming into 2010. We still haven’t seen the full impact of that, but I think that covers flows and maybe Terry can cover the second question.
Larry Zimpleman: Thank you again t o all of you for joining us and we appreciate your continuing interest. We’re going to stay very, very focused on execution in the coming months. Again, we’re very pleased. We have a strong start to 2010 but we know there remains many challenges and we look forward to seeing many of you in the coming months. Thanks for your ongoing support.
Dan Houston: Yes, maybe just a couple of comments. When we did our analysis on the cases that we actually lost we saw that the average loss ratio in the cases lost were 122% so, again we lost the right cases. We’re being more thoughtful in our renewal efforts. The best way for us to turn around this business is to make some modest investments in certain areas. One is around network development which we’re doing in Tennessee, we’re doing in Georgia, we’re doing in Texas. This will take several years for us to turn this business unit around but the network development clearly is a big part of that turnaround strategy as well as renegotiating some of our leased networks. And then maybe the last comment is related to the healthcare reform. We don’t have all the answers today and we’re studying that very closely. And again this minimum loss ratio is one of the key drivers that we’ll have to respond to very quickly here in the course of the next couple of quarters.
Dan Houston: That’s correct. That’s probably a pretty good estimate. The other thing that I would remind you of that we’re doing in 2010 that we didn’t necessarily execute on. 2009 is the deployment of this network development. Again this does take resources and it requires you to be on the ground and the markets to be identified with personnel. Working with doctors, working with hospitals, obtaining the appropriate discounts, renegotiating with existing lease networks and then some technology investments we're making to get ourself up to speed on claims processing and data management.
Dan Houston: That's correct. We're seeing what I would consider to be kind of a normal competitive environment [inaudible] a lot of conversation around the competitiveness. As you know, there's some regs coming out here in May for employers and in the fall for participants.  So people will certainly be part of the discussion. I would also say that as investment markets continue to return and our investment performance in our, for example lifetime funds has improved. Income funds performance has improved. That puts us in a more favorable position than it did certainly a year ago.
Dan Houston: I'm hopeful that that's true. Yes, we don't seem to be having the exact same pressure we did a quarter ago.
Dan Houston: The only clean up I would do on that is remember that from an ROE perspective, the general account wouldn’t be or have as high of an ROE as it does when it’s in separate accounts. The other thing I’d say is obviously there is much more free cash flow coming off of it when it ‘s in separate accounts. So it ‘s really a trade off of somewhat higher revenue and what appears to be somewhat higher margins for a lower ROE and less free cash flow. So those are the kind of tradeoffs that are involved. 
Terry Lillis: The statutory [inaudible] operation was about $140 million as the first quarter and the net income was about $59.4 million.
Terry Lillis: This is Terry. If you look at the revenue as a percent of the account value, you're seeing a change in the mix of the account value going from a few years ago it was low in terms of general account, which has a higher revenue per account value. And then you saw during the financial crisis more focus on that, and actually an increase about a year ago in terms of the general account as a percent of the account value.  What you're seeing now as the economy's recovering is that general account is actually declining, and it's not only in terms of absolute dollars, but in terms of a percentage of the account value as well. So those higher revenue dollars coming from the general account type of investment is declining, as both a dollar amount as well as a percent. So that's contributing to that revenue decline as a percent of account value.  Now that being said, there's less cost of providing the interest credited to them, so there's an offset in the benefit claims' settlement as well. So that gets down to the point where Larry had talked about, is the return to profitability. Is even though you're seeing a decline in the revenue, you're seeing a decline in the expenses as well and improving the margin overall.
Terry Lillis: There's a lot of moving parts Ed, in RBC calculation. As you look for it a lot of things can happen. But right now what we're seeing is an improvement from 425 to 440 or 450 is because of the strong growth in the statutory capital. The risk based capital is basically offset. We had some drift, we had some sales, we had some freed up capital from the IO scale back as well as organic growth. And they all kind of netted off each other. So depending on what happens in the future, you'd expect to see a 440 to 450 RBC later in the year as well, but a lot of things can happen as you build up the statutory surplus as well.
Terry Lillis: Yes I think the $140 million would be sort of normal expected somewhere in the range of normal expected quarterly statutory earnings. So, on that basis that would be, that’s again $140 million is about 14 basis points.
Terry Lillis: Yes John. As we look at the $0.79 EPS for this quarter and we attempted to normalize it by saying we took $0.03 off because of the investment only business and a few favorable items there. We think that $0.75/$0.76 is a real good run rate for a first quarter earnings number.
Terry Lillis: You know we don’t want to get into the point where you take that times four because there is seasonality of some of the businesses. For example; the health businesses as we talked about earlier-
Terry Lillis: --you are going to see a decline in earnings or not necessarily a decline in earnings but less earnings in the last three quarters than you do in the first quarter.
Terry Lillis: And as [inaudible] mentioned earlier the change in ownership in Brazil [inaudible] will have more of an impact in the third and fourth quarter more in that $10 to $12 million range and then half of that in the second quarter. So, that kind of says that 75/76 normalized first quarter number will decline over the year, you know, but at the same time, but Larry made a comment was the operational leveraged that we’re seeing the operational efficiency that we’re seeing in the full service accumulation business and the other accumulation businesses such as PGI as well. You’re going to see that continue as the market moves up the revenues increase, will not see expenses grow as fast as revenue growth.
Terry Lillis: Yes John this is Terry. You know the cash balance that we have at the holding company is sufficient as you know. We have very little need for cash at the holding company. We have our debt as well as our preferred shares and any comments stock dividends that we do year-end. We don’t have a maturity of any debt until 2014 so, little need for it.  But we do have the capability and we do have the flexibility to move over $600 million out of the life company to the holding company and we just have to determine what is the best place for that, what is the best use for that capital. But we do have that flexibility between now and the end of the year as you are absolutely right we didn’t do anything in the first quarter in terms of dividend or a return of any [inaudible]
Terry Lillis: That’s absolutely right because it does give us that financial flexibility to have it in – [crosstalk]
Terry Lillis: -- life company, and as you know, we do have limitations as to how much we can move out of the life company in a given year.
Terry Lillis: You’re generally right that the revenue off of the general account is typically the net investment income. There is some through pricing. There are some fees but they’re very minor, so for all intents and purposes, you’re absolutely right.
Terry Lillis: You’re absolutely right, there is a more risk associated with the general account and so you’d expect higher ROA on it. The order of magnitude is you’re looking at 60 to 75 basis points of after tax profitability on that type of business versus a mutual fund which doesn’t have as much risk associated with it and therefore less capital need as well.
