Larry Zimpleman: So, a couple of things there that are frankly a little bit independent, but in the earlier remarks Sean you heard me comment with respect to the DOL fiduciary proposal. Now again I will say like others and other companies that have commented kind of early on in the process it's a 1,000 page think about that for a second it's a 1,000 proposed regulation and -- but the -- if I step back from that for a second I step back from the details what we're talking about is an even more complicated landscape for our retirement plans not just from a potential legal perspective but just overall more complicated and every time this happens and again I've seen it for more than 30 years it redefines what scale is in the sort of 401(k) and retirement plan business and it will continue to push I believe it will continue to push market share from second and third tier more local players that frankly just don't have a platform the compete they don't have an investment option line up to compete and these increasing kind of compliance and the regulatory costs are going to make it more and more difficult and as you know 70% of our business is takeover business in other words 70% of our business is business coming from second and third tier players who find it difficult to compete so I think that pressure is going to continue to be there. Now with respect to Vanguard first let me say I have tremendous respect for Vanguard as an organization. I have tremendous respect for the business model that they have constructed. But I do believe Sean I do believe that that business model is not appropriate for every investor, every retail investor neither is it appropriate for every small or medium employer because the reality is most small and medium employers access the market through advisors and they need a lot of help and sort of handholding through the process of not only setting up the plan but servicing out on an ongoing basis and that's very difficult to do that well when you are a low fee player like a Vanguard is so again we respect them but we think that our advisor driven model is really going to be at the end of the day is going to be the winning model in the small and medium space. So, I hope that helps.
Larry Zimpleman: Well I mean again I want to just start by saying I think it would be premature for any of us to necessarily draw conclusions at this point with respect to what may or may not be allowed I guess with respect to compensation generally what I would say is that we believe that transparency is the best way to sort of deal with overall to deal with compensation issues and I think that the department of labor would agree with that. And I can tell you that going all the way back to ERISA in 1974 we have been among the leaders frankly well out in front of many competitors in terms of making sure both at the time of sale and on ongoing basis that our retirement plan customers have a full and complete understanding of compensation both direct compensation plus any other volume related compensation that may be attached to that if for some reason volume related compensation were to go away for some fashion and frankly I don't know why it would because it is not necessarily any sort of amount that's taken from our plan participants but that were to go away we’re still on a very level playing field we’re still dealing equally with the other retirement service providers and to squeeze of course as you would recognize Steven the squeeze is actually going to come on the financial advisors and the brokerage firms the squeeze is not necessarily going to come on the retirement service providers.
Larry Zimpleman: Well. That's another interesting question so let me make a few comments on that. First of all again we've never had a business model where we are trying to put proprietary funds on a platform in some less than clear fashion as a way to sort of try to stuff proprietary product inside a retirement plan. So, for example if you look at our target date funds Steven I would say we are today still one of the few that has outside managers in as a part of our target date fund line up, because while we think PGI is one of the top global asset management companies in the world the reality is they can't do everything perfectly and so they are going to be situations where it's appropriate to bring in outside managers. I think the real test here and the real issue is going to be do your proprietary funds compete do they compete in terms of investment performance, do they compete in terms of fees and if they compete in terms of investment performance and fees then I can't see any reason why the Department of Labor would just per se wall off your ability to put those investment options which are value-add for the participant why they would not allow those to be on the platform. Final point I will make is as Dan commented when you are sitting here today with A5 or more percent of your investment options in the top half of their Morningstar peer group it would be our investment performance stands on its own, not only inside our retirement platform but frankly through the DC investment only space which has been one of the fastest growing parts of our business where you can kind of see the strength of our investment platform and the interest that it has not only to Principal's retirement customers but retirement customers of other service providers as well.
Larry Zimpleman: Yes so this is Larry and I will have Dan probably want to comment as well. But what I would say is that there isn't meaningful -- there really is would be no meaningful difference with respect to proprietary versus non-proprietary. And we've tried hard over the years to have a business model that doesn't necessarily result in largely different returns by plan size. So for example your small plans are two or three times as profitable as your large plans. Now I am not saying there aren’t some differences by size, now are there some differences that all of a sudden proprietary assets were a 5% of a single plan. But when you think it's really important financials are subject to the investment decisions that are made by plan sponsors and advisors. So I think again I just wanted -- I know some have commented on sort of a decline in margins from first quarter ’14 and what I want to suggest is that margins in those periods of time were actually above what we would consider to be normal industry trend. So we’re very pleased, very pleased with where we are today with respect to the return on net revenue for a full service accumulation. So I'll let Dan add a comment.
Larry Zimpleman: That’s certainly our intention, that’s certainly and what I would call our core base pricing strategy. Correct.
Larry Zimpleman: Yes if there is any one thing I have seen in the last 30 years is a constant resetting of pricing and of course we have the benefit of having one of the most efficient record-keeping administrative platforms out there. And so again we keep on working on the expense side so that we can continue to be market priced and still in the meantime maintain reasonable margins. And if you look at that margin range of 30 to 32 for full service accumulation that certainly will be in the top quartile in the industry. So again I think we hit it on both sides, we hit it through effectively managing our expenses, and driving out efficiencies and we get it by having top-tier investment performance which certainly helps drive revenue and assets under management.
Larry Zimpleman: Sure. Yaron so it's a very good question. So, let me just make a few comments and obviously Dan has a lot of perspective having actually have been in the field and done this in the real world, so I'm sure he’d want to comment as well, but I cannot emphasize enough having again it's been a very long period of time in this business that retirement plans have to be sold they have to sold in the small employer marketplace, so say any under 100 life even under the 250 life market they have to be sold there isn't -- there are a very few small business owners that would sort of wake up this morning and say okay today is the day I've been thinking about and today is the day I'm going to go out there and get bids for my 401(k) plan it just doesn't work that way in the real world and this is why the financial advisors’ role we believe is so critical in order to extend the coverage inside the under 100 life marketplace it is the advisor who is really the one who if you will creates the opportunity through conversations to business owner brings in several proposals because the business owner themselves aren't that knowledgeable in these issues and ultimately helps them make a good decision for themselves and their employees. Now there is probably a 10% I make that number up I don't know what it is but there is a 10% to 15% of the market that the owner would consider themselves very financially sophisticated they might feel like they don't need a financial advisor but I will tell you Yaron my experience is that's a relatively small percentage of the universe and even that proportion probably doesn't really again have the capability to go out on their own and sort through record keeping systems, compliance issues, plan design issues on their own there was a day when we had a 401(k) plan in a box you could buy 401(k) plan from Principal and many other in the early days of the Internet on a self serve basis and quite frankly we folded that particular product after about three years because they wasn’t enough demand for it so anyway I hope that helps and Dan wants to comment.
Larry Zimpleman: Yes, yes Yaron while you answered the question the -- and first of all in my comment what I'm trying to do is to just have people understand does that when there is a 1,000 page proposed regulation like this there is both challenge and opportunity and so we well understand the challenge side and many others do as well and my only point was to suggest that there is opportunity as well so the things that are challenges it's simply the kind of increased complexity and at least by my view and again this is based on many-many years of experience when you have a 1,000 page proposed regulation that is kind of sitting there and is not yet final and nobody really knows what the rules are I can assure you that’s an environment where it's going to be very difficult to see many new plans be formed, right. Because if you were thinking about putting in a 401(k) plan this sort of a thing at the margin is going to cause you to say you know what I'm going to wait a year, I am going to try to figure out what this regulation looks like. So sort of at the margin I think as far as new plans are concerned I think it's going to be a bit of a dampener, but on the other hand I think for us and for other retirement service providers that really have the scale and the technical expertise to compete again more importantly what’s going to happen is there is still about a 1,000 players in the 401(k) industry today, a thousand players. There shouldn't be a 1,000 players in the 401(k) industry. And so there is going to be 500 of those that are going to be going through an analysis of whether they really want to stay in the business once all of those regulations are finalized and we understand what the new rules of the game are going to be.
Larry Zimpleman: So again I will make a few comments and ask Dan to weigh in as well. So, with respect to the first part of your hypothetical, so the customer walks into Smith Barney or Morgan Stanley or whatever of course it works the other way, of course it’s the Smith Barney broker who walks into the small employers office, because that’s again the way these plans gets sold. And the first thing I would say is that of course that broker isn't going to present singularly a Principal proposal. I mean I don't know the average but my guess that in the initial stages any broker is going to present -- first of all after they go through a discovery process with the small employer what are you looking for, they could present as many as five to seven different retirement services providers and it's through subsequent conversion and involvement with our sales team which again is among the best in the industry and locally deployed that the financial advisor and the small employer then ultimately decide okay out of these five to seven quotes which one am I going to select who is going to be the retirement services provider. Now you are correct that more and more today the choice of the provider, the retirement services provider is somewhat separated from the choice of who's going to manage the assets. So it's a kind of the second step decision. Again go back to what I said before, first of all when Principal's investment options are high performing options in the top half of the Morningstar peer group or the top 25% or the top decile and investment fees are competitive there isn't any reason in the world, there isn't any reason in the world that a rationale advisor and a small employer wouldn't see fit to put that on the platform. I mean the reverse situation could be equally true. So again when I think when it comes to investment platform what you need to sort of think about is it's a very level playing field. And what PGI and some of our other chosen sub-advisors bring to us is product that is manufactured specifically for retirement plan clients. Many of the competitors that are out there are using kind of share class versions of their retail funds that aren't manufactured for the retirement space. So it's one of the unique differentiators of Principal and I think it’s going to continue to service well albeit we’re going to have to negotiate kind of a new set of forces and factors but again I remain very confident having seen us go through 40 years of these changes in legislation and regulation I'm highly confident that we’re going to figure out the right way to compete whatever the new business model is going to be.
Larry Zimpleman: Ryan this is Larry. I mean again I can’t size enough this is 1,000 pages this is proposed regulation I'm not going to sort of claim to be an expert on carve out versus non-carve out what I would say is that what seems logical and reasonable to me is that we have kind of a single set of rules with respect to investment line items we have a sort of single set of rules that we operate by whether it's whether it's a Fortune 100 plan or whether it's a 15 life tool and die maker in Rockwood Illinois so what we will lobby for once we sort of understand what the overall proposed rules are what we will lobby for is that we have a consistent standard really across all plan sizes we will argue for a level of transparency that's appropriate and the reason I say that is we are not -- I don't think there is advantages in saying a distributing prospectuses for example as an example of overkill, but we really do believe in transparency we really do believe in an informed customer we really do believe in working with well informed brokers who have great expertise to bring to the table in terms of advising the small plans sponsors so those are the things that will be focused on and I'm confident at the end of the day Ryan the Department of Labor wants to do the right things here we've had many-many meetings with them these are very experienced people who know this landscape very well and at the end of the day we share with them a responsibility to see retirement plan coverage grow in this country at the end of the day success in terms of retirement outcomes is going to depend on 401(k) plans and we are not going to go back to the client benefit plans and so we’re going to continue to press the case to the Department of Labor that we need to have a fair rules transparent rules consistent rules, so that we can see retirement plan coverage continue to be extended among employers of all size. So Dan any comments you want to add.
Larry Zimpleman: Well I just want to say thanks everybody for joining us on the call today. We are continuing to be very pleased by our results and our results in the first quarter and the ongoing momentum of our business. We think that the credit for the recent results and the strong momentum really goes to our experienced teams that are all over the globe executing on behalf of our customers every day. We do believe the macroeconomic conditions are going to remain challenging but as we look forward we think the diversified nature of our business is going to allow us to continue the positive momentum. So with that thanks very much and I look forward to seeing many of you on the road in the near future.
Dan Houston: Yes, that’s right Larry the variable investment income a year ago was quite strong relative to the current quarter and certainly we saw traditional P revenue arise during that period of time. The other comment I guess I would make about the profitability profile of these plans has a lot to do with TRS. And so to the extent that we have more than just a 401(k) relationship there is defined benefit there is ESOP and there is deferred compensation that clearly becomes a variable in terms of the earnings that could be generated from that plan. The second component of course is our ability to retain assets. So those are number of plans we have the ability to retain assets in a Principal rollover IRA or somehow the stay within the plan and then the last part I would say is remember that we’re paying market pricing or near market pricing for the majority of the plan assets managed by PGI and of course PGI is capturing a component of profitability as well. So I think you do have to look at this from a much more macro-comprehensive way than just simply getting it down to either what the investment option is or whether or not it is a small plan or a large plan.
Dan Houston: Yes just a couple of comments and again thanks for the question firstly if I had to start is compounding on what Larry said it's more than just plan level service it is a participant services it's local service relationship management it's things like retire, secure and plan works when you sit down with an employee of less than 50 or 100 employees let's say they don't want an unsuccessful plan well what's an unsuccessful plan, it's low salary deferral low participation and confusion among the employees on what it is that is available to them it is the financial advisors that are representatives from Principal that make these plans come alive to the average small to medium sized business employee and that has everything to do with driving participation, increasing salary referrals, staying in the plan making sure they've got good investment diversity and then also just a reminder there is really two parts two halves to expenses related to the plan one is related to the asset management fee and one is related to the record keeping administrative cost. When it comes to record keeping administrative cost whether it's a Census or Vanguard partnership or Principal those are going to be very-very comparable when you look at the fees associated with asset management then it gets out into an active passive debate I went back and took a look at our existing block of business, this is our existing 401(k) plan block and our merging plans of less than $5 million 96% of those plans today make available a low cost index option, 99% of all of our clients over $5 million already have a low cost at least one index investment option so again it's really not low fee low service high fee high service it is how do you want to spend if you’re a investment lineup do you want to have heavily more biased on lower cost investment options so you can use our collective investment trust you can use our index suite and you can supplement that with more actively managed funds but then you have the separate conversation around record-keeping and administrative related expenses and believe me you do some of those economies of scale on the small case market so again if you already have a lot like Principal does over 35,000 plans we know how to service a small client that chooses passive or CITs as their investment option hopefully that helps.
Dan Houston: To that point Eric and good morning this splitting of the decision between the plan services and the investment lineup that’s been in place for the better part of five to 10 years, we have got people today whose sole job is to make the call on those alliance partners and the various investment management firms to educate them and inform them on the particulars of the Principal investment lineup. You see part of that is showing up in the results for DCIO. So again it's a split decision today Larry commented earlier on the earlier question relative to our very-very market competitive target date funds which find themselves in about 40% of the lineups that’s already multimanager and that’s in recognition of plan sponsors and advisors desire to have best-in-class in the investment lineup. So although there may be a bit more disclosure, a bit more debate and discussion I got to believe that the reasonable fiduciary the trusty and making these decisions looks at the fees, looks at the performance looks at the line up and is going to in a very similar way that they do today get the appropriate line up and no doubt it's going to be multi manager.
