Dan Houston: I'll have Terry hit the tax piece, and Luis make some additional comments. First let me come from the perspective, we have every reason to believe that this tax credit is very much intact. There are actually 48 other companies that took the exact same tax credit back in 2015 so again, we feel very, very confident we'll prevail. We have been in Chile now since 1995. There's 21-year history of providing chill with retirement solutions on the voluntary, certainly on the payout and now the mandatory program. We have great performance, we have strong customary service, we are well-positioned in Chile to continue to do that. We employ 15,000 individuals down there that go work every day trying to strengthen that program and again as you noted in my prepared comments we have had this codified now twice, so with that as a bit of a backdrop on a very, very stretch, if you will I'll have Terry comment on the tax implications if it were to be overturned.
Dan Houston: As you know, we don't update on the ranges that we provide but what I would say generally is we still feel as optimistic about the long-term potential for our full service accumulation business for a variety of different reasons, but with that let me have Nora frame for you our expectations.
Dan Houston: And just a reminder on that point, Ryan, that if you look at the trailing 12 month S&P performance on the average contribution it's actually only up 0.4% so there really is a lot of heavy lifting going on in terms of managing the expenses and driving reoccurring deposits and improving overall quality of these plans.
Dan Houston: First let me kind of hit the macro sort of expense initiative that we have, and we have always had a lot of expense discipline around Principal. What we have tried to do is to make sure, Seth, that we're lining our expenses with the revenue that we're able to generate, and as part of that process, as you might expect, we rigorously go through the organization to determine if there's services that we're providing that aren't valued by our clients or they're unwilling to pay for, so I would say it's basic blocking and tackling, making sure that we have a disciplined approach to expense management. Now, having said that, we're also continue to go make some very significant investments around digital, and technology, certainly we have talked about the expenses related to the DOL implementation and we're wanting to make sure we're still planting seeds within all of our businesses, so we have future growth. So I don't want anybody to walk away from the call or quarter and think somehow it's taking out all expenses at all costs, because that's just not the approach that we would take here at Principal, so with that as a backdrop as it relates specifically to fee growth and revenue growth along the lines of business, I'll have Jim go first and have Nora make additional comments.
Dan Houston: I guess the way I would go at this is to, again, remind everyone on the call that our strategy in Chile does not limit itself just to the compulsory. That's the newest piece of business that we have. The second is the voluntary workplace environment that Luis very appropriately articulated and the last piece is to provide lifetime income to retirees, all three of those are key components in this strategy. I don't think Chile is different than the U.S. in the DOL debates or the challenges around the rest of the world, whether it was a conversation in Hong Kong, there is an outcry, I would suggest about making sure that the fees are appropriate and just Reich in the case of Chile, and Hong Kong and the U.S., there's conversation with the DOL, and various regulators around the world to make sure they understand that the products and services that are being provided for by the service companies, and you know, we all know, and we can speak to the issue of asset management, but the hand holding, the call centers, the ability to provide information, education, and advice in some instances, is really the life blood of this business model around the world. So Luis was articulating, we have spent a lot of time educating regular regulators that there need to be a reasonable fee associated with all of these products so to answer your specific questions, we are getting outflows today in Chile in large part because some of the protests that were large, six weeks ago, they continue to get smaller and smaller and smaller in terms of the number of people participating.  I don't think this is going to have any sort of meaningful impact on our flows or our ability to generate an earnings off the investments that we made in Chile.
Dan Houston: I think it's a fairly clear explanation, but Nora please go ahead and make some additional comments.
Dan Houston: Just a couple of quick comments. You know, I'm very pleased to say that the way things are turning out are fairly consistent with what we have been articulating and that is that our large distribution partners who we have been out to see and worked very closely with, most of them have come in on what their strategy is and allowing their financial advisers to work under two environments, one on a fee basis, one on the basis of the best interest contract standard. We're seeing a full range and a lot of discussion around that, and again, we were anticipating that, and we would expect it. Secondly, we don't see any sort of change as reflects our ability to continue to have a robust investment platform with proprietary investment options being made available to small and medium sized employers, and third a benefit event for job changers and retirees, again, requires disclosure, but again, a workable model for the sake of being able to continue to provide our customers with choices in retirement, whether they decide to keep the money in the plan, choose a rollover IRA with Principal or to take their funds to a different service provider and lastly as we have worked through our own broker dealer and looking closely at our financial advisers, our 1500 or so financial advisers, we're retaining our talent. They have found what we have shared with them as a workable solution to allow them to continue to have a successful practice here at Principal. Again, we don't think there's a really a lot of new news as it relates to DOL here.
Dan Houston: Yes, it's so unfortunate as you think about the last five years, there's been really solid work and performance from those local businesses driving local net cash flows, driving revenues, driving customer satisfaction, accumulating a lot of really significant number of investors and unfortunately because of the effects, it undermined its credibility and now we hopefully can see that start to turn around the other way. Thank you, John for the question.
Dan Houston: Well, you know, pricing has a lot to do with these decisions and again, we try to be very organic and very disciplined in making acquisitions. It hasn't been from a lack of taking a hard look but we're going to continue to hold ourself to very high standard in terms of how we deploy our capital and whether it's, you know, managing our debt, managing our acquisitions, managing our share account or dividends, we're going to just take a very, very disciplined approach.
Dan Houston: Again, thanks everyone for joining the call today. I know it was a busy day with the number of other companies reporting. You know from our perspective we're going to continue to invest our business, we're going to continue to grow our businesses, globally. We want to make sure we have a disciplined approach to aligning our expenses with our revenues and we're going to continue to take a very disciplined approach to tour capital deployment to the benefit of our long-term shareholders. Again, we look forward to seeing many of you on Investor Day, as John mentioned in the opening comments on November, 16th. So with that, have a great day, and thank you, again, for taking the time to listen to the call today.
Terry Lillis: Just to put it in context here, 2015, we recognized the benefit of the merger with the AFP with one of our subsidiaries in Chile. As a result of that merger, we were allowed to amortize or reflect the amortization of the intangible in our tax calculation that amount was $105 million at that point in time, and we ran it through another after tax adjustment. Now, that would be reflected over a 7-to-10 year period on a quarterly basis, so it wasn't going to have a significant impact in any one particular period but if we were to have that overturned, we would have to unwind that $105 million and again, we probably run it through another after-tax adjustment, as we did when we recognized the benefit.
Terry Lillis: As we talk about the assumptions, there's more to it than just simply the interest rate assumptions. We look at all the experience adjustments in our annual actuarial review that we do, and if you recall, if you recall in 2012 and 2015, we took a look at our long-term interest rate assumption and we brought those long-term ultimate rates down, but probably more importantly, we changed the trajectory in order to get to that longer term rate. We went from a relatively short period of time to over 10 years in order to get to it. Now, you're very well aware that the long-term interest rate assumption really varies by product that we have and we'll be across the yield curve and it will also reflect not only what the risk free rate is, but it will also have an impact for the spread that we have, the default rate goes into the assumption which we don't disclose any of that information as for pricing and proprietary purposes, but to try to give you maybe a little bit more insight in terms of using as a proxy, a proxy of the yield curve, we talk about the 10-year treasury, and that seems to be a pretty good proxy to use. A year ago when the 10-year treasury was about 2%, we talked about basically a 25 basis points increase to that rate over a 10-year period. Now, the expectation, then was that we would be up by 25 basis points this year, but as you're very well aware, instead of going up by 25 basis points, it went down by 50 basis points or so, the 10-year treasury. However, as we look in terms of our forecast into the future, which everybody will have a forecast as to what they think. We take into consideration what we're hearing in the industry, what we're hearing from rating agencies, what we are hearing from auditors, what we are hearing from different groups, economists, central banks, investments, we take all of those things into consideration, and we feel very comfortable where we are at this point in time. We have actually moved out and keeping that time period, that 10-year time period in order to get to our long-term rate consistent. But we're from a different starting point, so you'll look at going out into the future, what we're hearing anecdotally is that others are starting to increase their trajectory or their time period as well but still we feel that our ultimate rate as well as our time period in order to get to the rate, we're very comfortable with that at this point in time.
Terry Lillis: As we look at these items, there's going to be volatility from quarter to quarter as to Hoyer or lower, a little bit from expected variances. What we try to do is call out the significant items in this particular quarter, we talked about three significant items, the one being the annual actuarial review that had actually a volatile number this quarter. But the real estate sale that we had as well as the encaje performance, we felt that that was a little bit more transparency, visibility into the volatility that we have seen in terms of volatility, I have talked in the past about real estate sales as well as prepayment activity generating anywhere from 3 to 7 cents EPS. This quarter, we were significantly higher than that, well north of, you know, 12, 13 cents. So actually, this volatility that we called out brings us right back into that more normal range for that particular piece. But as I said, you'll have periods where the Alternative investments might be a little bit higher or a little bit lower, the general count is actually growing, so you'd see some increase in the net income because of that. But we try to give you the best information possible in terms of variance and volatility from what we would have expected, so the $1.22 that we had is the run rate that we believe is an appropriate number for this quarter.
Terry Lillis: Sure. As we look at the exchange rate, actually we saw more stability in the exchange rain on a year-over-year basis. However on a trailing 12 month basis there's still a pretty significant head wind that we're fighting because of the strengthening of the dollar has really, excuse me, the weakening of the dollar has really occurred since the beginning of the year. So this was the first quarter-over-quarter comparison where we actually saw some benefit from it. I think long-term we have always talked about stability in the dollar. We're not actually looking for tail winds or looking for head winds, but when you actually reflected on a constant currency basis, which I think is a way we want to look at the business on a constant currency basis, we're still seeing that mid- to upper teens growth rate of our international businesses. It's very strong, and we have been trying to reflect that on a year-over-year basis or excuse me for several quarters but now we actually have some numbers when the dollar is relatively stable that you're actually seeing the growth of that underlying business.
Luis Valdes: Talking about our flows in Chile that you might see in our page 16 in the supplement. It's important to say if you're paying attention now [indiscernible] to put inflows remains impact, the 1.4 billion level, so the problem we have had is about outflows during this particular quarter. Two main factors are affecting our outflows. One is affecting the whole industry. There's a new discussion about a potential pension reform in Chile is making more customers have and are anticipating their retirement decisions so they are taking their money out from their SPs and mostly they are buying a compulsory annuity as a [indiscernible] in life insurance companies. That is one factor which is affecting the industry, and it's affecting Cuprum as well. The second thing is further market aggressiveness in the transfer market in the SPs, certainly they're using the window of opportunity that the headlines and press is providing to them about our merger. We are working and paying a lot of attention about asset retention and client retentions because all our fundamentals remain very solid, investment performance and client service remains among the best in the industry, so we're taking care of all of that, and I'm saying that our people is paying a lot of attention about that, and as I'm saying, we continue good inflows and we are paying a lot of attention about these two factors. Having said that, it's important to remain Sean that in Cuprum we don't charge fees over AUMs. Instead we charge fees over flows on contributions and monthly contribution, so o this affects particularly specific what happens last quarter has a very marginal impact in our financials.
Luis Valdes: Let me say first that we’re very pleased about the fact that finally the Chilean government is taking serious actions in order to review and propose a more comprehensive pension reform in Chile that it might sound counter-intuitive. But I have to say also that Principal since the early 2000 we have been a strong advocator in order to review the pension reform in Chile in a much more comprehensive way as I said, the pension system as you know is the golden standard in system [indiscernible] but it has some issues that has to be addressed about adequacy, and the most important problem is the one that's created, this kind of unrest you have seen in pillar zero. It has nothing to do with the ASPs, the pillar that’s been called a solidarity pillar, in which the governance is in charge of that pillar is very much more the one that provides a safety net for low income segment in Chile and most of the low income segment, they haven't been part of the labor force they were, they had a few contributions AFP system. For you to know, not this government, you know, many governments, even, you know, in the past, they took a kind of free ride with the pension system. The total government retirement expenditure in the pillar zero is 0.7% of the GDP. Average for countries is OECD 18% up to 20%. So here we have the most important issue about adequacy in the pension system. The Chilean government, they send very quickly, the bill in order to raise the minimum pensions in pillar zero upto 10% last week. So they're reacting very quickly. Having said that, the government has to pay a lot of pension of Pillar O and Pillar Zero and that’s the most important initiatives about this whole discussions are going with. The second thing that we have to address in Chile, and this discussions about the self-employed segment. You know, they are not well covered. They don't have any compulsion contribution. They don't belong to any system, and they have to. The third element is to put some adjustment for the ASP system, which our pillar one, still the [indiscernible] 10% contribution rate over salary, I mean, its absolutely insufficient lower for longer is an issue for every place and Chileans are living longer as well. Also they do have a salary cap and the salary cap remains almost the same one in the last 30 years. At the beginning of the system, just 2% of the labor force was kept, today more than 20% of the labor force is capped, 35% of our customers are capped, so that 10% over your salary is even lower than 10%, so we have to address the 10%. We are advocating for a 15% minimum, and to remove the salary cap. The third issue is to reinforce the pillar two, which is the workplace solutions and group solutions in that country, and we have I would say good and [indiscernible] in order to support those -- I will say improvements, but I will say that the whole discussion is going to take a kind of long time in order to really have a solid and good pension reform, and I think that is very unlikely that this current administration is going to be over to go through and absolutely sure that probably this whole discussion is going to go over the next administration in 2018.
Luis Valdes: We're going into details. We have been vocal in our proposal, not just now is to charge over AUMs instead of flows, there is much more transparent, much more clear. That is going to align the interest of our customers and our oldest stakeholders in the ASP system. So we really do think that the system has to charge fees over AUMs. On average today, that discussion is going to help us in order to make much more clear that the pension system in Chile is one of the most efficient and cheapest, around the 27 pensions [indiscernible]. On average, the pension system charged 60 basis points over AUMs and in the case of Cuprum we charge a number which is lower than that.
Nora Everett: We and Terry mentioned this as well. We still expect to be at the high end of our outlook guidance, the guidance that we gave last year, and we have mentioned that other the last couple of earnings calls. What you saw this quarter were a couple of things. Obviously even when you adjust for the annual assumption review and adjust for the real estate sales that were called out, we're still going to be this quarter, lower with regard to our amortization expense, and we have got some expense timing issues as well. Great quarter, we're very confident with regard to our ability to manage expenses going forward, but you're always going to get some lumpiness with regard to timing of expenses and we got the benefit of some of that this quarter, so high end of the range for sure, great quarter, and we look forward to continuing to extend the success of the business.
Nora Everett: I'll be brief. To Jim's point, we have a couple things going in our favor here, one is in the retirement area, tremendous scale with regard to services and record keeping in that platform, just a tremendous scale and with the consolidation in the industry we're going to be a net gainer on that front. Two, and this is really critical, part of our retirement franchise, well, two pieces of it, one is what we call total retirement suite, we are one of very few competitors in the U.S. where you can have one stop shopping with regard to your DB, your DC, non-equal, and ESOP plan, and that is hugely valuable to our plan sponsors and advisors with regard to the one stop shopping, and three and this is another critical piece is we have one of the most extensive layups of target dates in the U.S., and they are multimanaged, which is a real benefit in this environment. Multi-managed and hybrid, in other words, the choice not only around sub advisers but also around passive versus active. We don't pick a position in that space. We have the choice in what we have seen add planned sponsors, really, really taking that particular investment product and putting a premium on that and the ability to have the one stop shopping in addition to that qualified default option.
Nora Everett: I mentioned earlier, even when you exclude some of the variances that Terry has talked about, we're still on the lower end of our DAC expenses this quarter and we have some meaningful timing issues with expenses so that's why we're not saying this is the run rate. What I would say is what's creating the very strong quarter, what we can't lose sight of is the fundamentals, the really strong fundamentals in this business. You're seeing growth basically across every metric, plan count, whether that’s total reoccurring deposits, we're just seeing very strong, very broad growth in this business. So the underlying growth is exceptionally strong. What we're just, what we're speaking to is that run rate, and just want to make sure people understand that we've got two issues here, one is a timing issue with regard to expenses this quarter, and the other is this DAC amort that tends to be light this quarter in addition to the annual assumption review issue with DAC amort. So that combination of things is why we're still guiding towards the higher end of our original outlook guidance.
