Dan Houston: Yeah. Thanks, Joel, and thanks for joining the call. I believe this is your first time to call in. It’s great having you cover PFG, and so with that, let me have Pat and Kamal tag team this response.
Dan Houston: I’ll pass this to Chris quickly, but just to be on the record, that PRT business continues to be a strong contributor for profitability and growth for the organization with really favorable return profiles. But, Chris, some additional color, please.
Dan Houston: Yeah. I’ll hit that at a high level and then pass it to Deanna. Just know that Principal remains supportive of the eMPF Business Reform that’s going on there. Our focus continues to remain on a customer experience and making sure that we’re providing fee-based investment options that are most attractive in that marketplace, but this guaranteed component was one that we didn’t necessarily like to return profile. But I’ll have Deanna give you some more insights on the implications on the business.
Dan Houston: I mean, one thing to sort of note about these deposits for those people who oftentimes keep their money inside the existing 401(k) plans, it’s because think about those as being institutionally priced. They like those investment options. So leaving money in the plan is clearly one of those options. For those that want to distance themselves from an employer, they can still obtain a rollover IRA with Principal, and again, that’s a very active part of our strategy. But we also have to remember that there’s a lot of people that are literally drawing down their 401(k) account balances of retirement to live off of and that’s the business that we’re in, and we’re fortunate also to be able to have competitive annuity income options for these individuals. So we’re not surprised, but at the same time, there’s a lot of effort that goes into retaining these assets because, again, we believe we have great solutions for those individuals. But appreciate the question.
Dan Houston: Yeah. I appreciate that. And just to pile on Chris’ response there, don’t discount the value creation of what Chris and his team have done around improving the customer experience, continuing to build out total retirement solutions, our ability to gather assets for the asset management part of the organization and feed the rest of the organization. So from our perspective, it’s a very valuable franchise, and Chris and his team have done an excellent job ensuring that the business we serve is a profitable business. We don’t need practice and record keeping. So that as it relates to Chile, as you know, this has been an ongoing reform discussion. It’s been going on for years. The constitutional reform was not successful. One of the outcomes of that was further conversations around pension reform and we start with doing what’s in the best interest of Chilean people. And right now what they tell us through surveys and feedback is they want a choice in their provider, they want choice in investment options, and this has been very consistent. So, in fact, effectively, Chileans have rejected the idea of a state-owned AFP providing more value than what the private sector has. So we continue to be very vigilant, working with regulators, working with the legislators and continue to work in the industry to make sure that what is available in the AFP is competitive from a feed perspective, the investment options, which it is, and continue to serve the best interest of Chileans. But again, we feel reasonably confident on the industry’s ability to demonstrate that and make our case to elected officials. Appreciate the question.
Dan Houston: Yeah. Appreciate that. And thank you for your time today on the call. As you can tell, we’re very confident about our go-forward strategy and the value we’re able to create for our customers and our shareholders. Once again, Pat, thank you for your 40 years of service. You may have a significant contribution -- you’ve made a significant contribution to the company’s success and for our customers, and for that, we’re quite grateful. With that, have a great day. Thank you for taking the time to be part of this call.
Patrick Halter: Yeah. Joel, this is Pat, and great to have you on board here. I’ll just make a couple comments and then let Kamal talk a bit more, maybe specifically about flows, because I think that’s part of the nature of your question. As we kind of look forward relative to this year, we are starting to be more cautiously optimistic about our outlook relative to flows, Joel. We started to see more investors in the fourth quarter move into a little more of the risk side of the equation versus keeping money in cash and cash equivalents. I think that was predominantly driven by the fourth quarter in terms of improvements both in the equities and the fixed income market, and our belief that with potential Fed easing later this year, we continue to see a trend, which we are seeing in the first part of this year, of investors starting to engage again in some of our higher value investment activities. But Kamal will provide more input on and specifics on that.
Patrick Halter: Yeah. The reality is, we always align our expenses with our revenues and this severance is really spread across the organization in its totality. There’s not a lot of fanfare around that, but it’s making sure that we’re just aligning expenses accordingly. So there isn’t any one spot and it’s all Principal’s ongoing efforts to manage these expenses, and, again, that’s no different than what we’ve done previously, John. So hopefully that helps.
Patrick Halter: Yeah. So I think from a look-forward perspective, Tom, we’re seeing improvement from 2023. As Kamal highlighted, we’re seeing improvement in our broad range of investment activities, starting with fixed income and we think fixed income is going to be a benefactor and a recipient of the Fed policy actions that we believe in are assuming to occur later this year in terms of sort of a Fed easy. So that’s the first sort of protocol relative to I think flows coming in a more positive direction in 2024. Kamal highlighted our real estate. We still have a very balanced approach in terms of what we can do in real estate, both in terms of the pipeline and the opportunities, both in debt and data centers and other specialized investment activities. We don’t talk about this enough, but Europe is actually a very active place for us right now also in terms of real estate and so that’s an area just to highlight, and we have some emerging opportunities in Asia and future to talk about. And then, I think, in terms of what Kamal highlighted, just to sort of, again, reiterate, we see some really strong interest in equity activity, particularly in the small and midcaps. So but to round it out, I will let Kamal sort of finish out sort of the things that we didn’t discuss.
Patrick Halter: Yeah. I mean, I think, what I’d say is, we’ve previously talked on calls about the competitive environment remains competitive on flows. We’ve also talked about us wanting to make sure that we have the right plans that we have in our portfolio and are very focused on making sure that we have profitable plans. I think you’ve seen in the past year and a half, two years, we’ve had some large plans leave that have had very negligible impact on net revenue. And so, again, our focus is on revenue, not flows and it will remain that way as we go. Flows is an important measure for us to look at, but we’re trying to remain disciplined in the business that we put on. And again, I’d also say, the fourth quarter is historically a negative quarter. As we look into 2024 and the first quarter particular, we see positive net cash flow in the first quarter and significantly above last year’s first quarter. So, again, we’re watching flows. It’s an important dynamic for us, but we’re really, really focused on finding all the ways that we can generate revenue across our platform, as well as focusing on those plans that are healthy and profitable for us to continue to maintain.
Patrick Halter: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Alex. Obviously, real estate and office in particular is under the radar screen and we are absolutely laser focused on our portfolio and ensuring it’s being valued, it’s being underwritten and it’s being monitored and managed appropriately. Just to level set a little bit, Alex, we have about $3 billion remaining in our overall commercial mortgage loan portfolio that’s in office. High quality office, Class A predominantly, 60% loan-to-value, and then office portfolio, that’s where the 30% reduction already in valuations. As you know, we appraise, and Deanna highlighted this earlier, we appraise our office portfolio on a quarterly basis. So, that’s a current loan-to-value, 2-point time -- 2.6 times debt service coverage and that portfolio is 89% occupied currently. Specifically, to your question, Alex, we have 11 loans that are maturing in 2024 in the office category, and as highlighted earlier, one of those loans already has paid off. But we really are going into that portfolio with a very strong position. The remaining 10 loans, 66% loan-to-value. But what I really want to highlight are three things; one is the debt service coverage ratio, which is 3.8; secondly, it’s 94% occupied in terms of that portfolio; and thirdly, the lease term is 5.6 years remaining in that office portfolio. So that $440 million remaining that is expected to mature for the remaining part of 2024, three of those loans are under $6 million in loan balance. So that remains seven loans, of which, as I think Deanna highlighted, 80% of those loans are going to be maturing in the second half of the year. As I mentioned, we do intensive underwriting each one of those loans. Of those seven loans, we don’t see any sort of issues at this point in time relative to any credit losses and they are all current and paying, we have a lot of institutional investors in some of those loans. Again, high quality loan portfolio and with the sort of going in debt service coverage ratio occupancy and the long-term lease is still remaining in that overall portfolio, we continue to feel fairly good about the portfolio as we move it forward into the year. We’ll continue to monitor that very closely. The last thing you highlighted, Alex, was there are, I think, we provided in the deck, there’s a small portion of our overall portfolio. I think it’s about 1.5% of our overall portfolio, about 6.7% of the office portfolio, so about $200 million. That equates to about $200 million. That’s in four loans. We continue to monitor those very, very carefully. We see probably one stress point in one of those loans today. So we could see a minor loss reserve in one of those loans as we look forward in the next quarter. But that’s all we see at this point in time, but we’ll continue to monitor those loans also. But the portfolio is in a very good place, it’s in a good shape right now, but clearly we have to be respectful of the challenges in the marketplace and the liquidity and the headwinds that continue to remain probably for the next couple quarters. Thanks for the questions, Alex.
Chris Littlefield: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks, Joel. Good morning. Obviously, we had a very strong quarter in PRT and a very strong year overall in our PRT business. We did about $1.2 billion in the fourth quarter and that’s really because we saw an opportunity. There were both capital and onboarding constraints in the industry, and we were able to take advantage of those constraints and put on some really nice PRT business at well above our targeted return levels. So really a great opportunity. We continue to believe we have great advantages in the PRT market, both because of our expertise in DB, the scale that we have, our focus on the small-to-medium-sized type PRT opportunities, as well as our ability to capture our DB clients when they decide to do a planned termination. So if we look at the overall sales in 2023, about 20% of the premium and about 50% of the cases actually came from existing PFG customers. And so that really gives us a nice opportunity to grow our PRT business and the team is just doing an excellent job. As we look forward to 2024, the funding levels of plans remain robust at about 107%, as estimated by Mercer at the end of the year and so we continue to expect to see strong industry sales across PRT. I think the industry is projecting something in the neighborhood of about $40 billion. We’re targeting somewhere in the sort of $2.5 billion to $3 billion range for 2024 and that really is focused on as much about the returns that we’re able to get. We’re not trying to maximize overall PRT premiums. We’re trying to get the best return on the capital that we’re returning -- that we are investing in that business. So feel really, really good about where we sit on PRT. Your last question on Bermuda. I mean, Bermuda is -- Deanna can provide more details, but Bermuda is a nice opportunity for us that we open up in the fourth quarter. It gives us an additional ability to look at capital efficiency, and again, continue to think about how do we get good returns on the capital we put in that business. Hopefully, that answers your question, Joel.
Chris Littlefield: Yeah. I mean, I think, we would say that, SMB continues to be very resilient in overall fundamentals. Our SMB transfer deposits in SMB were up 12% on a trailing 12-month basis. When we think about recurring deposits, the SMB was up 14%. So, again, we just -- we see very healthy fundamentals coming out of our small- to medium-sized clients. So, really, really healthy.
Chris Littlefield: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Yeah. I would say that we saw in 2023 a modest increase in participant withdrawals primarily due to overall retirements than due to either loans or withdrawals. And so we are seeing a modest increase in the withdrawal rates there on the participants. But that being said, again, when you look at the participants, we’re also seeing really healthy underlying fundamentals. We’re seeing deferrals are up significantly over 8%. Matches by employers are up. So we’re seeing a lot of things that are feeding overall growing, the recurring and the account value growth, but we definitely are seeing an increase in some retirements -- a modest increase in retirements.
Chris Littlefield: Yeah. I think from an RIS perspective, Tom, it’s very difficult to project net cash flows for full year. As you know, we see a lot of seasonality in the fourth quarter and a lot of activity for plan transitions and lineup changes. I think what I’d also reiterate is what we’ve said before, which is net cash flow is just one measure to look at and not all net cash flow is not created equal, and we’re really focused on increasing revenue and the profitable growth in our book is really where we’re focused. And I think you’ll see our results and the guidance for 2024 are very consistent with that approach to managing the business. What I would say is, we’re going to continue to remain disciplined on priority -- on the pricing, we’re going to drive more revenue, and as we look towards 2024, we see continued strong transfer deposits, we see solid recurring deposit growth and we see a moderation in the contract lapse rate, all of which is leading to that revenue guidance at or above our long-term range and margin at the upper end of our long-term range. So that’s how I’d respond to the question, Tom.
Chris Littlefield: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Alex. Again, we feel really good about the position our business is in and all of those competitive pressures are built into our guidance. It still shows us benefiting from both the macroeconomic environment, as well as the growth in our block and the increase in revenue generation across our block. So we are seeing a competitive environment, I think that’s going to continue, but we’ve been able to really succeed despite that competition. I mean, WSRS sales were up 14% for the year, fee-based transfer deposits were up 17% on a trailing 12-month basis. We had really, really strong revenue retention this year. And so, overall, we feel really good about the underlying business fundamentals and our ability to compete and win clients from other providers. So I feel really good about where we sit in the market.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Ryan, just a little bit more color there. This was kind of a legacy product that we offered as part of our eMPF Retirement plan, but as Dan mentioned, it was more capital intensive than other investment options and it was not meeting the return thresholds that we really wanted. So, we looked at an opportunity to exit that business. And just to talk a little bit about the impact. Those products had about a $1 billion in AUM. We actually retained about $800 million to 900 million of it in other asset classes that did not have the same capital implications to it and $200 million actually left Principal. If you actually look at the AUM roll forward, you’ll see $200 million in that operations dispose line, which is really the impact of that. From a financial perspective, it had the benefit of releasing some capital in the fourth quarter. Think about magnitude of $30 million to $40 million. We actually expect a similar amount of relief on that same block early in 2024. Obviously, that is positive from a capital implication perspective, but it does have an impact on our revenue and operating earnings as we think of 2024 and we’ll pressure on a pre-tax basis our Hong Kong earnings at about $10 million.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. I’ll just step back a little bit, Suneet, and talk about the purpose for that entity. Again, we constantly evaluate opportunities to create value for our customers and our shareholders that led to us setting up the entity and that was -- we did receive approval in the fourth quarter. The ultimate focus of that is to support our PRT and our term life insurance business with the ultimate focus on new sales. But to kind of start the company, we did feed some in-force business to that, both on the PRT and the Life side, and that cause -- that did benefit us about $200 million in our free capital flow in the fourth quarter. For 2024, we’ll, again, be much more focused on using this, as Chris mentioned already, for new sales, providing us capital flexibility, allowing us to take advantage of growth at more capital efficient levels, and ultimately, we’ll assess if there’s other uses there, but our focus is on that new sale other than what was needed to feed the company.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Tom, thanks for the question there. The first thing I would reiterate is our ranges that we’ve put out there for margin and revenue growth are all on an ex-significant variant basis, and obviously, the last few years, variable investment income has been one that we have called out as it has run below our actual level. Just to put that in a little bit of perspective, our run rate return for our alt portfolio is in that 8% to 8.5% range and we actually came in in 2023 more in that 6% to 7% level, and we did provide on the slide deck an actual breakdown of our alternative portfolio, which is about a $5 -- a little over a $5 billion portfolio. So given kind of the difficulty in actually predicting that, we felt it was prudent to give you guidance on a run rate basis. And also because we actually see a path to getting to that run rate basis either late in 2024 as we think about 2025, and I know you’re aware, but our alt portfolio is more weighed or heavily concentrated in real estate and has less allocation to private equity and hedge funds. If we think of 2023, we actually -- the places where we fell below our expectations was pre-pays, not surprising given the interest rate environments and the elements of our bond portfolio and also real estate, which again, more of ours comes from real estate transactions and 2023 was obviously not at time to actually take advantage of that. Our alt portfolio -- our private equity and hedge actually performed better than we expected, and again, helped to offset some of the impact that we saw there. So one of the things that, again, it’s probably easier to think about the next quarter or two than it is the full year, pre-pays in real estate transactions will probably run below our expectations, but it’s interesting if we actually did have BII be at the same level that we experienced in 2023, our reported EPS would actually be in that 9% to 12% growth rate as well as our adjusted and our outlook. So hopefully that gives you a little bit more color.
Amy Friedrich: Yeah. Thanks for the question, and, Dan, you’ve got it right. There’s a -- there is an appetite for these products. There’s a need for them. What I would say is, most people see the use of these supplemental products not as a replacement for some of the core coverages they’re putting in place. So we’re still seeing a high interest in getting core income replacement products done. Small- and mid-sized businesses are still taking care of their major medical needs. But we’re adding on these critical illness, the accidents, the hospital indemnity to help cover the things that aren’t covered by some of the other pieces of insurance. So when you look at like a high deductible plan that you’d have to get up to $7,500 before the plan would kick in to help pay, it’s helping meet some of those expenses. So what I would say is, these products in our portfolio make a ton of sense and you’ve seen us add critical illness, you’ve seen us add accidents and you’ve seen us add most recently hospital indemnity. That’s giving us the ability to have a worksite portfolio that helps complement the things that they’re doing. We’re expecting and are seeing growth in excess of 15%, up to 20% on those product sets. Now our base on those sets is pretty small, but it’s responsive to the marketplace. The last point I would offer is, those are also giving us the ability with the type of financial security in place that if people have those benefits in place, they’re better able to participate in some of the other programs like saving in a 401(k) or investing in the places that make sense for them as an investor. So that if you’ve got these products in place, then our ability to extend to other pieces of Principal’s great product set is even higher.
Amy Friedrich: Yeah. You’ve hit it right in mentioning dental. A lot of the other -- when I look across the industry, a lot of the other changes that I’m seeing happen are with portfolios that are either primarily or solely kind of that life and disability portfolio. And again, when I look across our results for life and disability, I feel really comfortable that we’re setting ourselves up with a loss ratio range that’s going to give us both the right appropriate growth prospects and profitability. Dental does have -- it’s a more highly utilized product. It does tend to have a different rhythm to the business. I think the great news there is that third quarter and fourth quarter, we continue to see a moderation of that loss ratio for us. So we’re seeing sort of heading back into more normal cycles for dental and that does fuel some of our confidence in the ranges that we’re giving. Now, what I would say is, I’d just reiterate that Deanna mentioned in her earlier comments, we do expect 2024 loss ratios to be in that lower end of the range. So I feel really good about those comments, and the beginning of the year experience on those products looks strong.
Amy Friedrich: Well, to use your technical term, the whole kit and caboodle is going to be at the lower end. So that is a full portfolio comment that I’m giving you.
