Dan Houston: Yes. Good morning, Suneet, really appreciate the call or the question, and I'll have Chris get right into it.
Dan Houston: One thing we know for sure, Suneet, is in that wealth management, retail space, there's a lot of money that's gone to the sidelines on money market and bank deposits. And yet as we look through there and look at some of our asset management capabilities that we discussed in our earlier comments -- prepared comments, we do feel really good about the second half of the year. But with that, I'll have Pat respond accordingly.
Dan Houston: Just one comment I want to follow up on with regards to Chris' explanation when he said M&A just for those less informed on this. In the SMB market, there's not a lot of M&A in the large case market, there does tend to be a lot of that. A lot of times, these are publicly traded companies or large private companies. And when the much larger plan comes in and acquires that smaller organization, we could be the smaller organization, oftentimes, it goes to the acquiring company and there was a fair amount of that activity and that's probably a new narrative for us as we've had more large -- as our large plan market has grown at principle.
Dan Houston: And we have full intentions on delivering on our full year outlook, but I'll have Deanna provide some additional context on the quarter.
Dan Houston: Tom, as you very well know, this has been and continues to be a competitive marketplace. We actually differentiate ourselves in leveraging our TRS capabilities, and you see that through the nonqualified deferred compensation growth, you see that through ESOP and our ability to attract these large DB plans as well. As Chris framed earlier, it is M&A. Whether it's a good fit or not, there's still a little bit of a shake out relative to the IRT transfer block of business and whether that's a perfect alignment with our service model. But Chris is closer to it, I'll ask that he add some additional color.
Dan Houston: We'll also say, Tom, just to maybe clean up of this a little bit, among the top three players in this industry, we all keep getting larger. Without naming names, there is a fair amount of swapping of these plans between the relative players, we win from the large players, we lose large players. And TRS is still a big differentiator out there as well as our customer service platform. So hopefully, that helps.
Dan Houston: I think to be the biggest dynamic there is to make sure you remain disciplined in your pricing as you attract new business, and there is a steady roll off as you would expect. Chris, you want to add some additional thoughts…
Dan Houston: We do the survey work with employers, it’s small, medium and large. The one thing we consistently hear is health care is probably one of the most important. Second is around retirement, but supplemental benefits like this are strong number three. And so we see this as a real growth driver for our small to medium sized segment.
Dan Houston: Jim, as you very well know, it isn't just active like the good old days. With passive taking more of the share, you don't have value added capabilities, you're not winning. And the good news in Principal, whether it's in the high yield space, preferred space, real estate, direct lending, these are areas where we can differentiate. And it is our intentions to continue to build out those unique capabilities to compete in the marketplace. Hopefully, that helps.
Dan Houston: I'll make some initial comments and then ask Deanna. But you know we've talked about this here before as a matter of fact, when inflation started to tick up in particular it relates to wage inflation, which most employers are happy to deal with as it relates to maintaining an attractive recruiting talent. And we see that manifest itself in higher dollar amounts of wages, often translates into higher dollar amounts of life insurance coverage, higher premiums, for disability, all of those again are tied back to wages. Individuals, as I see salary increases, most of those are set in automatic nature and so 401(k) salary deferrals rise accordingly. And on a net-net basis, Principal is always the benefactor, as you pointed out, that top line revenue growth. Principal has its own internal challenges related to inflation as we retain and attract talent. And again, that's part of our overall expense management responsibility within the business units and something that Deanna works with the CFOs around here every day on. But maybe I'll have Deanna additional thoughts here.
Dan Houston: Yes. Thanks again for joining us today. And as I reflect on the quarter, the earnings and the margins aligned with guidance, there's a path on the free cash flow of 75% to 80% net cash flow. We all know on a macro level, it was a very challenging environment. We're making changes in the business in order to improve the results. We're continuing to focus on aligning expenses with revenues and it continues to be a priority while still investing for growth and innovation and the digitizing of our business and making sure that we don't miss that opportunity, and we continue to execute on profitable growth for our long term shareholders. So thank you for your time and attention today. We'll see you out on the road.
Chris Littlefield: I think there's a wide range. I think as we expressed in the prior quarters, one of the -- they were limited to a couple of large ones. One was a decision that we have made with respect to whether it was a good fit for our business and the other was a choice by the plan sponsor. And so when you look at the reasons for the lapses in the large case, you just see a lot of volatility in the activity and a lot of reasons for the lopses. We see M&A activity that's impacting it. We're seeing a difference in the experience following the transition onto the platform, a reluctance to make changes to make the plan more streamlined or a change in pricing. So there's a wide range of reasons why these lapses are occurring. And so we certainly have seen the increase in large case lapses, that has really been offset by continued strength on the SMB side. So I don't want to lose the fact that we see much -- great resilience there with recurring deposits up 9% and transfer deposits up 16%. And I think the other thing you're seeing in the first half of the year, you're seeing a little bit of timing activity. I think as Dan pointed out, we see really good momentum heading into the second half, again, speaking to some of that volatility of large case activity. And so I think we sit really in a good position there. And while we -- I mean when we think about the pipeline, we have a healthy pipeline, increase our activity. RFP activity, we see strong sales growth for the full year across SMB and large. But there is that volatility in large plan activity. And we do expect some additional pressure on that lapse activity in the second half. It's really difficult to give you an outlook because, as you know, the second half is a very active period of time for plan change activity. And so it's really difficult and you can have things that you think are going to transition in December and move to January. So it's really hard to predict. But again, we will see strong growth for the full year across SMB and large but we do see some additional pressure in lapses.
Chris Littlefield: I mean I think it's a very competitive market. And I think as we've expressed in the past, our focus is really managing our profitable growth and maintaining our pricing discipline and driving additional revenue and managing our expense discipline really well. And so that's where our focus is. I mean not all flows are created equal, and they come with different revenue and profit profiles, and we're really focused on how do we maximize revenue generation and profitability rather than how do we maximize flows. The competitive environment is competitive but we're maintaining pricing discipline. I think it really shows up in the fact that we are very confident that we're going to land within the full year guidance for net revenue and we expect to be in the upper half, the top end of our margin guidance for the year, and that's how we're managing the business.
Chris Littlefield: On our spread based net cash flow, it was flat in the quarter. We certainly saw the strong PRT sales. I'd point out that those are really nice returns and so we continue to see compelling opportunities there, but that was offset by some of the GA flows due to better equity markets. Certainly, when you see better equity market performance, you see a movement out of capital preservation products, and we certainly saw that in the second quarter. The other trend I'd highlight is, as you know, we run our investment only business, our IO business opportunistically and so the maturities can be lumpy. And we certainly experienced some lumpiness in some outflows in this quarter contributing to the flat performance on spread based net cash flow.
Chris Littlefield: I think we see a very strong PRT market place right now. I think industry sales are expected to be in that $30 billion to $40 billion range for the year. Again, as we think about this business, we really focused on the returns we're getting on the capital we're investing in that business and so we remain disciplined. And so we're very comfortable. We feel very good about our performance for the first half, and we're on track for our plan for the year, and we're doing so at very nice returns. The other thing I'd say is we do benefit from having our WSRS business. A lot of the activity that we're seeing, we're able to take our existing clients' plans given that client are fully funded. I think Mercer is calling it 105% funding at the end of June. And we're able to talk to them about planned terminations and the opportunity to write PRT business with them. And then we just look at that overlap between those businesses, about 15% of our premium and about 42% of the cases in our PRT business year-to-date has come from existing clients. So we do see a robust environment there. We're picking our spots where we can maximize the return on capital and we have some built-in advantages from having an existing client base.
Pat Halter: As Dan mentioned, we are very constructive on the second half of this year in terms of our outlook relative to net cash flow. As you can imagine, the market tone has very much improved. We're starting to see momentum in terms of capital raising and that's playing into our strong capabilities and the sort of suite of capabilities that we can offer in a marketplace that now has a little more of a flow toward risk on assets. Let me start off with just some of our capabilities and where I see our capabilities relative to meeting those sort of growing flows. First is in real estate. As you know, we've had a very strong, I think, sort of capability in real estate. And that's really starting to see some increasing activity as the market start to get to a better place in terms of valuations. As Dan highlighted, we have a $7 billion unfunded committed capital position in real estate now, so we're well positioned to take advantage of the markets as they develop. And you probably will see us increasing our net cash flow reporting in the second half of the year as a regard of that. And there's probably three areas you're going to see. The first one is probably in our increased activity in terms of acquisitions. We actually are pursuing a very large portfolio as we speak in terms of an acquisition. That should create, I think, a very strong net cash flow in the second half of the year. You're also seeing because we are a very strong sort of high performing manager in real estate. We're actually seeing takeover existing portfolios from poor performing managers. We think that's a new area for us in terms of potential net cash flow. And then the third is just our normal increase in activities from funding of our institutional funds and institution investors are starting to get back engaged in the marketplace again. So very positive and constructive on that front, and not just in the US but in Europe and also in terms of some of the activity now that we have developed in terms of China with our joint venture in China with CCB, and that's in the industrial space. On the public market, Suneet, really, the investment performance that Dan highlighted has given us greater confidence that, again, obviously public asset classes, equities and fixed income, but there’s favorable market sentiment that's developing. And we're always seeing this in terms of positive net cash flow in July. But we're seeing money deployed into things like [Aligned] our mid-cap strategy, we're positive about that, in our income specialty capabilities like high yield, we're seeing, I think, positive activity there. So I think the results should be less muted sort redemptions, increase in sales, in our mutual funds and hopefully in our SMA strategy going forward. And then I think we're constructive on that also. PI is actually off to a good start also both in Southeast Asia and in Latin America, particularly Brazil. So I think the second half of the year, if the markets continue to behave relatively well, we are constructive on growth and I think we have some early indicators that we should be constructive on growth. Relative to your second question, Suneet, in terms of base management fees, I think one of the things that we're very proud of is to manage to that 29 basis point base management fee that we've had for many years, frankly. Obviously, as you highlighted, it’s dipped a little bit to 28.4 basis points. I think that's somewhat due to the quarterly decrease in the flows we had in the second quarter, and that's driven by the mix of business as net cash flows were leaving at higher rates of return than our average block and that's why you saw that diminution in the 29% to 28.4%. But as I kind of think about the trailing 12 months and then I look forward, trailing 12 months have been strong at 28.9%. And as I just highlighted in terms of constructive outlook relative to the activity for the second half of the year, back half of the year, we do think we can improve that 28.4% back to the 29% range and that's our expectation as we look forward into the second half of the year, particularly if the equity markets continue to stay where they're at and we continue to see the mix of assets that we think we can garner and the net cash flow discussion has provided to you, Suneet.
Pat Halter: So Ryan, in terms of the flows in the first half of the year, they were muted relative to our historical sort of flow analysis. And I would suggest to you that that will change in the second half of the year, as I highlighted in my comments. Those flows were in the $450 million range relative to the net cash flows. If you look historically over the last five, six years, we've averaged about $3 billion a year in net cash flow. And I'm anticipating that we could be looking at something along what we typically have had as I think about the full year in 2023. And I hope that gives you a little bit of indication of our constructive view of our second half of the year.
Pat Halter: I just mentioned, Tom, that I think, as you know, we have a pipeline of opportunities in terms of investments that we're developing. And those usually are sort of the merchant build program that allows for variable investment income to be generated in the future. And my anticipation, you'll start to see more of that in 2024 than in 2023. But there is a pipeline out there and we're obviously harvesting that pipeline for the right time to sort of to optimize that. But my guess, Tom, would be more 2024 than the next two quarters.
Pat Halter: Yes, Erik, I think the passive sort of share of the marketplace continues to increase. And that's why the investment performance numbers that we illustrated in our prepared remarks is so important, because we have to be able to demonstrate that we are producing an active return over those indices. And so we do feel with those numbers improving on the investment side, we should start to see the trajectory, our senior trajectory, frankly, in the first two weeks of July in terms of our ability to get a little more of the mind share of the law in terms of flows going into active mutual funds. It's a tough sort of marketplace in that yet to deliver really first one third sort of investment profile performance to get that wallet share. With some of our improving investment performance, we're seeing some of that increased activity, as I mentioned earlier in my prepared remarks on the net cash flow. SMA is a space that we continue to want to grow in. Mutual funds is clearly a place that we've been very active with in terms of over the years and really the place where I think we have an opportunity to grow again is in CITs. There has been a little bit of a pushback on CITs in terms of net cash flow because of the flows going into overstate of value back in the [FP] markets. We think that's sort of a temporary sort of situation. But that's sort of the landscape of what we're seeing right now relative to the retail space and the individual space, Erik. Hopefully, that helps.
Pat Halter: So those are the two different sort of discussions between VII and then the performance fees that would come to PGI and be part of the operating earnings profile of PGI. But we do, as I mentioned, because of the activity increases we see in real estate, Wes, we would expect sort of the muted performance fees that we saw in the first half of the year to start to change. And second half of the year, you should see some more sort of robust performance fees coming into the second half of the year.
Pat Halter: Just to highlight Dan's last comment there. Principal International was off to a very strong start in July, so that's very encouraging in terms of its flows. And then we discussed, we have seen a turnaround in terms of some of the retail flows and it's looking much more constructive, again, because of investment performance. Obviously one month doesn't make a trend for the rest of the year. But based on the market sentiment, based on the conversations we're having with clients and with the markets themselves, there is definitely flows and the increasing flows are out there and so we're encouraged by that anticipated pipeline of activity. On the real estate side, just to be clear, those discussions I highlighted in terms of acquisition portfolios, taking over existing portfolios, funding in terms of new funds, that's real capital commitment, that's actually money that's been committed. So we're very encouraged by the opportunities to change that into a strong net cash flow.
Pat Halter: So we discussed earlier base asset management fees and that dip point down from 29% to 28.4%. We did see a little bit of lower transaction fees in the first half of the year, Jimmy. So maybe that's what you're also highlighting but that was fairly limited. Our mortgage activity, our mortgage origination activity actually has started to increase in June, that's increasing again in July. So we're actually expecting transaction fees to probably get back to more of a historical level than what we've seen in the past. And then as I mentioned, performance fees, very light in terms of performance fees in the first half of the year. But we do expect performance fees to probably get more back to the normal level than what you've seen in the past relative to PGI.
Pat Halter: Yes, there's always intense competition in the asset management business, that's why we have to continue to deliver on strong alpha performance, that's why you have to continue to make sure we have relevant capabilities globally. The fee pressure is absolutely there in the marketplace. So we have to continue to make sure we are building on value to our clients in the eyes of the clients in terms of the capabilities we offer and then the level of performance that those capabulities are generating.
Pat Halter: So I think what's driving the sort of activity is there's places where we're starting to see the entry points in terms of where the risk return trade-off looks reasonable again. So there's a sort of an opportunity there, both in terms of core real estate but also manufacturing real estate in terms of turnaround and in the development. We also, I think, are very, I think, mindful that the debt markets have to stabilize. And with the Fed now starting to become, I think, maybe at a place where they may take a pause, I think people are having a little more confidence in terms of being able to understand where the path will be going forward in terms of valuations and debt availability and capital availability. So there is a sort of emerging market developing in terms of this [transaction activity] in general, picking up, it's still early yet, but being early sometimes is where you actually can really add value to your clients. And so there is an opportunity, as I mentioned, through the three areas that we have been very active in, which is acquiring a portfolio or taking over other managers’ assets or being able to find funding for new creative things to invest in, for instance, like data centers. So there's a lot of interesting opportunities. I know office has the headline and we're not in the office, we're not investing in new office, but we are investing in other asset classes, whether it's industrial, whether it's data centers, whether it's residential. So that's really the important thing to mention as to where we're at, what we're doing as we talk about this increased activity.
Deanna Strable: Ryan, where you ended there is exactly right. Obviously, early in the quarter, we were all seeing heightened credit and macro concerns driven by the banking and the real estate cycles. And obviously, even though we felt confident on our full year free cash flow, we wanted to be prudent as we saw those concerns play out. I think if you look at our excess capital roll forward that does point to strong free cash flow. It also points to the fact that we do still have that. And so again, it's much more of a timing issue than it is any issue with our capital levels or free capital flow outlook for the rest of the year. So I'd heighten back to what I talked about last year. I think we still feel that approximately $600 million of buybacks for the full year is a good range. And if you then take into account what we've done, that does point to slightly higher buybacks in the back half of the year.
Deanna Strable: Yes, I'll answer your second question first. So on a leverage ratio perspective, it was really just an anomaly given the fact that we issued $700 million of debt in the first quarter, and we paid off the $700 million of debt in the second quarter. And so if you would have adjusted for that, we would have been consistent at that 22% level. I think, again, our target is 20% to 25% but I think that 22% is a really good place to be, gives us some dry powder if there is opportunities. And I think that's what you'll see us consistently show there. Regarding your other question around the holdco, we actually spent an extensive amount of time with our Board Finance Committee on a quarterly basis, we look at our capital at risk. And given the change in our business mix and some of the transactions that we conducted in 2022, the need to hold a lot of cushion relative to that is not as needed as it has been in the past. And so I think you'll see that around a pretty tight range around that $100 million Obviously, if we're seeing big pressures in the market, it might flex a little bit up. But I think given our business mix as well as the high level of free cash flow that we generate, I don't think you'll see that move significantly one way or the other. I hope that helps, Wes.
Deanna Strable: I think Dan really talked about well that we do -- we are uniquely positioned that when inflation plays through, especially when it plays through on salary levels, we do get benefit in both RIS and benefits and protection and obviously, that plays through from a revenue perspective. We definitely have a proven track record of aligning expenses with revenue. When revenue goes down very fast or goes up very fast, there's always a natural lag. But one thing I'm really proud of is if you look at our comp and other, whether it be relative to a year ago quarter, relative to last quarter or relative on a trailing 12-month basis, they're down on all of those comparisons. Probably more -- most valid is on the trailing 12 month basis, we're seeing about a 3% to 4% decrease in adjusted comp and other. And that's despite the fact that, as you mentioned, we have had to increase salaries because of that inflationary pressure and more on talent, we've had other expenses that have been negatively impacted from inflation. And also, we have to make sure that we continue to invest in our businesses to make sure that we can continue to deliver on our promises and drive growth in the future. And so I think that's the proof of the fact that we do have that track record, and you'll continue to see that play out as we go forward.
Deanna Strable: Just a few comments there. Let me just frame kind of where we are kind of year-to-date from a drift perspective and ultimately kind of tie it back to your questions there. Both first quarter and second quarter, we actually saw positive capital impacts from drift and modest, about $5 million a quarter. And I think that really comes back to our high quality diversified portfolio. And so even though we are seeing some downgrades across the portfolio, they're more than being compensated by some upgrades. And again, that could be within the real estate portfolio on some of the asset classes that Pat mentioned or it's in other parts of our balance sheet as well. And so again, we do think there will be some drift as we go through the rest of the year. But I'd say there's a couple of things, right? I think the recession is not thought to be as deep as maybe what it was anticipated coming into the year. And then you come back to the quality and the diversification of our balance sheet and I think, again, we continue to see good results there. But I'll see if Pat has anything to add.
Amy Friedrich: So John, I think you're hitting on one of the main points here, which is there definitely was pent-up demand, particularly in the smaller market kind of flowing through 2022 results. So when you look at the sort of fierce labor fight out there, sort of fierce fight for talent, there were smaller market players kind of making some purchases out there that really did represent that pent-up demand. So that was definitely good news in our 2022 results. But to put in perspective, I view our 2023, our second quarter results as really strong. They are down, as you note from 2022, but they are literally the second best second quarter sales we've ever recorded. So when I look at those sales, I see really good things for both the current quarter and looking ahead. So when I look ahead at that second half of the year, as Dan mentioned in his comments, we have introduced a new Hospital Indemnity product, it's performing well, rounding out our supplemental health offering. And when I look at the basics, the fundamentals of our business around staffing, process, technology, distributor relationships, those are really strong right now. So again, I would say it's more a comparability issue that we're seeing. I'm very comfortable with both our total premium and fee growth and the sales component of that.
Amy Friedrich: So when I think about Hospital Indemnity, it really is not one product that's going to sit out there and kind of do the work by itself, it really is going to sit as a supplement to the core benefits that we already have in place. So what we're seeing is that it's a nice offering to fill some gaps. So when people have a hospitalization, when people have other needs that are going to be travel related or outside of something that would get covered by the medical plan, this is going to be something that helps with that supplemental hospitalization costs and pieces. So I see it as a complement. The real power in having this is that it rounds out the rest of our worksite portfolio. So we've historically seen much of our organic growth relying on that basic kind of product sets that are going to be dental and disability and life, and I love having those product sets in place. But where we haven't put our competition out there as much has been in the worksite space. So as we bundle up accident and critical illness and Hospital Indemnity, it's going to give us the ability to compete on some of those additional worksite sales that we simply haven't been as competitive in the past. So I like what that says in terms of market applicability. I like what that does in terms of how it can help us grow our total wallet share that we have across our extensive small and midsize business customers.
Amy Friedrich: So just a few comments about dental, definitely feel good about our overall loss ratio and margins. So when you talk about the full suite of products, I feel really good about how they're operating together. When we dig in just on dental, we are seeing some things happen there that are a little bit, I would call them sort of out of seasonal patterns. And so I think we are still seeing the first half of the year is some definite keeping up on utilization and frequency, people are going to the dentist back to prepandemic levels. But we're probably still seeing a little more severity flow through our results. So think of that as the higher dollar procedures. The open question out there in the industry is, will that be continuing on, is that setting a new level, or is that something that's still sort of the last remnant of the pandemic. So my particular belief and the belief on our block of business is that we see that experience moderate through the second half of the year. I think we will continue to see that come down. We might see some elevation still in severity. But the great news about our block is that our block is about 90% of it is going to have an annual ability to get rerated and renewable. So dental is a very responsive product if we need it to be on things that are happening within how it's being utilized and changed. So great news is that's a short lipid that does happen. But my perspective is I do think we'll see that moderate a bit and I think we're seeing some of the last remnants from the pandemic coverage being disrupted, but more to come.
Amy Friedrich: So I think the good news there is that the small to mid-sized marketplace is still really vibrant. They understand that they need to keep talent, they understand that a great benefits and savings and retirement package offering for their employees is critical to making that happen for them. And they're displaying that through their purchasing behavior and their funding and persistence on those plans. And so I think the most interesting piece is that when you look at employment growth and you look at wage growth, wage growth is across all of the segments that we're seeing equally present in the small market but employment growth, at least in our block of business and I think this is cross over into the retirement business as well has stayed really strong. So our employment growth numbers are twice as strong, 3 times as strong in the smaller market. So those employers are continuing to hire and they're continuing to indicate that they need great employees to fuel the growth. So we continue to hear sentiment that there's caution. They're very confident about their businesses, they're also very confident about their kind of region or community. They get a little less confident in their sentiment when they head over into total US or total global economy. So that's where their sentiment begins to start to fall apart, but their actions are usually based on their local or their business sentiment and it remains very positive.
