Terrance J. Lillis: Yeah, this is Terry. As you know, each quarter we take a look at all of our assumptions. But in the third quarter of each year, we do a thorough review of the intangibles, the goodwill as well for each of our businesses. And that's similar to the actuarial model and assumption review that we also do. And we look at all the tangibles as well as intangibles whether they're finite lived or infinite lived. And in this case, in particular, with Claritas, we reviewed it this quarter and we looked at the particular fund at the time of the purchase when we acquired Claritas. And the macroeconomic conditions have really changed and become much more challenging for the mutual fund business within Brazil, and as a result, associated with this one particular fund that went out of favor, and we had to impair the intangibles that were associated with it. These were related to the investment management contract that we had, the value of the customers in the fund, the distribution agreements. These all moved away from us. And so we had to impair those specific impairments associated with that. And we had to impact in the current quarter. Now that's about $23 million for the 100% of which we had 60% of that impairment. Now, because of the timing of this, we also looked at it in terms of the goodwill associated with Claritas. And we did not impair that, which is probably more important to us in terms of the long-term. As Dan noted, it's a significant player in our Latin American strategy both on the asset management side as well as on Principal International. And they've proven themselves. They've actually replaced much of the assets under management by developing some other market driven investment solutions that have been very strong by leveraging, as I mentioned earlier in the call, Principal Global asset management capabilities. And so, it still has a competitive advantage for our product. So we didn't feel that there was an impairment there. Now that being said, and where the question would go is, are there other impairments out there of goodwill or of an intangible? But we do, as we do with actuarial review and assumptions, we do a thorough scrubbing of the goodwill and we're seeing a strong cushion on all the remaining intangibles as well as goodwill. Hopefully that helps.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yeah, the absolute level, we probably – we're not going to share that in terms of the absolute level, because there's multiple parts to it. There is the risk free rate. We could use a 10-year Treasury as an example of that. We also look at the spreads that we would price for and what we're getting on our investments, default rates, credit analysis, et cetera. So, there is a lot of things that come into it which we're not going to share in terms of what we think were the absolute rate would be. But just to give you a little bit of color, little color, as I mentioned earlier, the longer term end of the curve that probably affects the life business the most, some of our other businesses have shorter durations. So the shape of the yield curve is very important as well. So if you were to say right now, we would say and just used as a risk-free rate of return for our businesses just as a proxy, but you have to look all along the yield curve, use the 10-year Treasury where it currently is right now. And a 10-year Treasury is around that 2% range. At what we look out into the future is over the next 30 years, it would grade up to probably maybe 25 basis points a year for the next 10 years? Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Right.
Terrance J. Lillis: Tom, this is Terry. I'm going to add just a little bit. You mentioned in the Corporate segment this quarter, we only included the closing costs associated with that. And then the rest of it in the future will come through Principal International. Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Got you. Thank you.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yeah. Sean, this is Terry. As we look at this, we see this as more of a translation issue. The revenue that's generated in the international companies also has expense associated with it at the same currency rate. And so we're really translating it back to the U.S. So if we were to try to hedge this, first off, it would be very expensive because we're in multiple countries. Second, we wouldn't get hedge accounting treatment, so we'd just create some additional volatility. We just see that this is a translation, so that's why we provide the information on a local currency basis as well as try to give the impact of what it would be in terms of mid-teen growth rate. We're probably mid to upper teen growth rate in terms of this business on a local currency basis. Now, that's translation. But when it comes to an economic impact where we actually are moving capital from one jurisdiction to another, we'll make a call and actually hedge that flows so that we do not lose the value at the time that the earnings are generated. So we do make a call in terms of hedging money, but as you've seen, we've generated a lot of earnings outside the U.S. And an example of it is in the Latin America, as you pointed out or as pointed out before, and doing the AXA acquisition in Hong Kong, the money never even got back to the U.S. So we'll make sure that the capital gets appropriately hedged as it goes from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. But in terms of operating earnings, we're just trying to provide a little bit more clarity on a local currency basis and not incur the additional cost for the translation. I hope that helps. Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. It does, Terry. Thank you.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yeah, that's correct, Erik. This is Terry. The impairments that we did, we look at all the intangibles and goodwill across all of our entities, not just Claritas. Claritas is the one where we actually found an impairment this quarter. But we've looked at every one of them. We scrub every one of them. And we do scrub them on a local currency basis as well, as you pointed out, but across all of our goodwill, all of our intangibles, we found that we have a significant cushion that we are not looking to impair any of those other entities across them. That goes back to entities that we acquired many years ago.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yeah, yeah. If I look at Principal International, it goes to different holding companies. We have a UK holding company. We also have a U.S. holding company. And most of the earnings that are generated out of Principal International come up through that UK holding company or entities there. So for example, the earnings that are generated in the $250 million or above, we'll use some of that for organic growth within those businesses. And we also have a large portion of it available for acquisitions to fund their own acquisitions within Principal International. So, I'd say that it mirrors – the international business mirrors the total company's position in terms of available capital in that two-thirds of the earnings associated with it. The rest is supporting the organic growth that's going on in the different entities, member companies. Hopefully, that helps.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yeah, thanks, Suneet. First off, I want to say what you need to do in terms of a tax rate, you need to look at the total company. That's where we really focus our attentions, and it's really over a longer period of time than just simply some quarter by quarter distortions that may occur. Now, that being said, the total company effective tax rate is in that 20% to 22% range as we talked about before. But if you go down to one of the biggest reasons for that drop is the dividend benefit that we receive. Now, most of that is concentrated within the Full Service Accumulation line. In this quarter there was a significant negative effective tax rate, as you pointed out. However, if you look at it over a period of time and you adjust for the unlocking, as you said before, the true-ups in the prior year, you're still at a negative rate on a year-to-date basis, albeit it's much lower than – it's just barely negative in terms of an effective tax rate for the full year. So look at it over a longer period of time. Now, that being said, one of the reasons it's negative right now is because you've seen some higher growth, or faster growth, in the dividend received benefit that we get in Full Service Accumulation than on a pre-tax earnings basis. Now, there's a lot of adjustments that you can make in order to get the earnings growth on a pre-tax basis. In 2014, we saw a significant benefit for variable investment income that was at a much higher rate than what we're currently seeing this year. Now why is that? Well, in large part, you look at what was the sentiment back in 2013, that was a rising interest rate environment. So you saw a lot of prepayment activity going on in 2014 that we're not seeing in 2015. So therefore, the pre-tax earnings basis isn't growing as fast as the dividend received basis. Now, as you go into the future, you tell me what's going to happen in terms of the economic environment, in terms of the equity market that's down on a total return basis of – down about 9%. Excuse me, down 1% where we would have expected it to be up 8%. So you've got a good point that we've got a negative effective tax rate at this point in time, albeit I think that it can turn around very quickly and get into that 5% to 7%. So again, we take a longer look at it, don't let the current periods distort it, and then that 5% to 10% is probably still a pretty good number for FSA.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yeah, exactly. Suneet, this is Terry again. You're absolutely right. One of the things that we try to do in terms of what we call out is we try to get the end number to what we believe is the appropriate run rate for that business given a more normal environment. There will be periods where we'll have higher variable investment income because of positive markets, and there will be higher expenses that offset that. So we try not to get quite granular as we did this quarter with all the different noise items. This is probably the most adjustments that I've been associated with in any one particular quarter. But we do try to keep that total run rate where we're trying to net to get to an appropriate number. Now, to the point that you made about this quarter being highly unusual, well, we saw the S&P as a proxy for the market being down nearly 7% this quarter. That had an adverse impact on the DAC amortization for both the individual annuity area as well as the Full Service Accumulation area. The Full Service Accumulation is a little bit more abnormal than what we would have normally seen because we've been having volatility in that business, albeit it's not been the magnitude that we saw this quarter. And in large part that is one of the model enhancements that we actually have made at the DAC model on a go-forward basis that had an impact – more than normal adverse impact in this quarter in terms of a reversion to more of a mean rate over a longer period of time. So, yeah, there was some unusual higher than expected, but I would not expect to see that kind of volatility on the Full Service Accumulation line in the future. Now that said, for the individual annuity line with the variable annuity, which is still a relatively small block of business, out of the $516 billion of assets under management, we're talking maybe a $9 billion of variable annuity. There is some volatility associated with that that will continue. But net-net-net, we're trying to get you back to a number that we think whether we can agree to disagree on this, what we think is the appropriate run rate for the business in a particular quarter given the economic environment that we're seeing and where we would expect future quarters to evolve – come from.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah, really good question, John. So I appreciate that. And I'll make a couple of overarching comments and then flip it over to Luis to add some color. It's an important driver for PFG, it represents roughly 25% of our earnings, and I would just remind everyone on the call, we've got 28 consecutive quarters of positive net cash flow that are being driven by Principal International. And I'd also say that we have tremendous partners. I think about China Construction Bank and Banco do Brasil who are very much entrenched in these local markets and add enormous firepower to our ability to distribute our products. And when we do our look back on places like China and India and Brazil and Mexico and Chile, some things haven't changed. They're still a very significant, emerging class growing. These are middle income investors and people who will save for retirement. Aging, the demographics are even more severe than they are here in the U.S., so they need these products, they need these solutions. We know government is not in a position to take over these responsibilities in any of these countries, and we know that to date they've embraced very much a private sector approach to solving the problems. But with that, let me throw it over to Luis to add some additional color, John, on those specific countries you cited.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah, very good. I'll make a couple overarching comments and then throw that over to Nora Everett to answer some questions. I was reflecting on this in preparation of the call. Just a couple of weeks ago, we hosted roughly 130 of our clients down in Florida. This would have been larger clients, and it's an opportunity to sit down face to face with our client council. It also is an opportunity to spend a couple of days just getting to know them better and to hear their candid views. And I walked away with a few. One was they value what we do significantly. We are making a difference. They increasingly look at us as an outsourced partner to handle matters related to their benefits and in particular as it relates to the retirement plan. I was reminded about how much the relationships matter in this. They are very close to their relationship managers, and we have a long-tenured group of professionals out there that work with our clients every day. Then I also couldn't help but notice during our session regarding investment choice and performance, Jim was there and presented along with other peers or his contemporaries to present our platform. And as you know, we have very strong investment performance which is well received by our clients. And then lastly, it seems like most of the conversation isn't around the funds and fees. It was around what can we help them with as it relates to plan design to get to better outcomes. And maybe with that, I'll just throw it over to Nora to help answer specific questions on the pipeline and outlook for FSA.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Sean, we do spend a lot of time internally modeling these sorts of potential ideas to either hedge or not to hedge. It's not by accident or lack of a lot of thought that gets us to where we're at with our current policies and strategies. And if the dollar should ever weaken and we should see these foreign currencies gain some strength, there is certainly some upside and some tailwind, so thanks for the question.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah, very good and I appreciate that. Let me make a couple of comments, then flip it to Jim. We do keep a very active list of those asset classes that we think that could be complementary to our existing platform. We look for potential strategies that would be uncorrelated, that would support our global platform, whether that's for retail or retirement or institutional investors. And again, I think our track record speaks for itself as it relates to our ability to leverage that into either separate accounts or mutual funds, institutionally managed accounts, separately managed accounts, collective investment trust. And so, with that maybe, Jim, you could provide some color on valuations of these properties and where you're going.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Michael, hopefully, you'll be able to join us on our investor workshop on November 6. Jim will probably get into some of those details with more depth and understanding. And some of the obvious questions are, how are you able to maintain such positive net cash flow in an environment where so many of the dollars are going to passive? And I think it has a lot to do with the strategies that were created within the funds business and with Jim's institutional asset management business to work the edges as opposed to going right down the middle on some of these large cap strategies that are tending to migrate towards passive. So again, hopefully, you can join us for that meeting on the 6th of November.
Daniel Joseph Houston: And, Suneet, what I would just say is, in closing here, running out of time, is that the 7% negative performance in the quarter for the S&P 500, when we would have anticipated a plus 2%, that's a delta of 9%. We think that's worth calling out. I do think we've tried to bring that out in previous calls, but we'll try to be more consistent for you in doing that where we see outperformance that really does fall out of a significant range. And so we'll tighten that up for you in the future. So again, thank you for the call.
Daniel Joseph Houston: I'd just like to thank everyone for joining us today on the call and appreciate your good questions and your interest and support. We still remain very optimistic about the growth and the strategy here at Principal. We remain confident that the strategy that we have around retirement, investment management and protection will serve our long-term shareholders for many years to come. Hopefully, we'll see many of you at the Investor Day event in New York City on November 6. And with that, good day and safe travels.
Luis Valdés: Thanks, Dan. John, a very good question, indeed, particularly talking about Mexico, Brazil and Chile and where they are at. Three different countries, three different problems, totally different. In Brazil, essentially what we have, we have a country which is certainly fixable that the political crisis is obstructing the economy's recovery. And meanwhile, we're going to live within this economic – political turmoil. It's going to be very difficult that the fiscal adjustment that is really needed is going to go through. So probably we're going to have another year, year and a half that we're going to see this political turmoil that certainly the Brazilians are going to be able to fix this. Whatever is going to be that solution if the Minister of Finance currently, Levy, he knows very well what they have to do but politically speaking, he has to be unleash in order to fix the problem. As I am saying, Brazil is fixable. What Dan said is very important. The fundamentals in Brazil there will remain and the proof of that is that that strong and big and large middle class is the one that is keeping our net customer cash flows in a very positive environment month after month and quarter after quarter. And we continue growing. And if you are looking our results coming from Brazil, and you particularly are paying attention, Brasilprev is putting in nominal terms and in U.S. terms, it's demonstrating a flat result year-over-year in the nine months period ended. It means it has been able to grow at 30% plus year-over-year. The situation for Mexico is a little bit different. The situation is a much more stable economy, very tied to the U.S. economy. So we have to pay a lot of attention about what is going to happen to the U.S. economy and then we're going to have some conclusions about Mexico. Unfortunately, they went through very important reforms, particularly the energy reform, the most important reform, wrong timing. But we will see what is going to happen, but Mexico, we are not – Mexico is in a total different stage. Chile, they have to readjust their economy a little bit. They are highly dependent on the commodity cycle. They have to readjust their macroeconomics, but Chile is still a double A minus country, so they have the highest rating among the emerging countries in Latin America. So our strategy – we remain very clear with our strategy is the right combination between voluntary money and compulsory money and has been proved that is a very solid and sound and successful strategy. And we see that we don't have any reason to start changing our strategy and we remain very confident about the future of our operations in Latin America.
Luis Valdés: Yes, absolutely. Ryan, I mean – and again, this is the result of our own strategy. As we have said, we're very much more patient oriented, long-term saving oriented, so our offering and value proposition in all of those markets is in that sense. So as long as we start having this kind of choppy road in China and very volatile market, essentially what is happening is customers are flying into – they fly to quality and they are looking for a safe harbor. And that is exactly what we're offering there. So we're perceived in our JV attached to the CCB, which is the second largest bank in China, we are perceived as a safe harbor. And we have had this tremendous amount of net customer cash flow. So that in essence, in one year, we doubled the size of our company. So we're running a company with $41 billion in total AUMs, and we think that we're going to continue looking and facing that kind of reality. So all these kind of things that happened in China, the wealth management products, and the shadow banking system, it seems to me that money is playing away from that kind of solutions and looking for very serious managers and partners like we are in China.
Luis Valdés: Okay, Tom. Essentially meanwhile we are going through the integration of AXA for the next quarter. AXA is going to be neutral, if not a little bit negative for Hong Kong. Next year, we're expecting something in the range of $7 million to $7.5 million total impact in our after-tax OE for Hong Kong. Does that help? Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Yes, thank you.
Luis Valdés: Yes, Erik. That's a good question. Next year, we're not going to be able to enjoy all the synergies that we're going to enjoy, particularly in 2017. And this is due to many contracts that are tied to the AXA block of business, particularly with best serve and other asset managers. So we're going to transition that block of business in the very first six months of 2016. So in essence, my answer for you is that we're going to enjoy just 50% of those synergies in the first year and full synergies in 2017, Erik.
