Larry Zimpleman: I think in response to your question John, what I would say is that the years sort of 2010, ‘11, ‘12 were very, very challenging relative to the issues around expense control and some of that was because, it was a good news thing, because we were having a lot of growth, we were bringing on a lot of assets, so obviously there is an acquisition cost associated with that. And as I have said before, I mean I think to some extent we were emphasizing a little bit too much growth and a little too much at the expense of profitability. And I think that the team did a great job in 2013 of doing a much, a good balance between growth and profitability. So we started to see some improvement in margin expansion in 2013. I think when you roll into 2014 and when you look at the first quarter John, it’s probably two things there that are worth mentioning. One is sustainable which is that as the kind of interest rates begin to move up a little bit as your discount rate moves up for all of employee benefits that has a positive and sustainable element to expense control and then the other one which is a little bit more one-time was again in the asset management business. We had sort of higher expenses in the fourth quarter associated with essentially, employee compensation particularly within the asset management group that doesn’t necessarily recur in the first quarter. So that one we hope is actually going to be back later in the year, because every time, we're paying high performance fees, it’s because the funds did well and they were good flow. So a good chunk of it is sustainable, some of it is a bit of seasonality. I hope that helps a little bit.
Larry Zimpleman: Yes, I’ll let Luis to comment on that. I would just say again, we would emphasize that Principal International had a really nice quarter and nice quarter not just in terms of earnings but a nice quarter in terms of flows, in terms of sales, in terms of expenses control. As Terry said in his earlier comments, if you look at our PI local companies operating in their local markets and their performance in local currencies, you’ve seen a 14% increase year-over-year, aggregate across all the PI member companies in local term. So, I think that validates very much, that the issues here to the extent investors have concerns around emerging markets, what they should not have concern about, is the performance of the companies in local terms When you translate that back to USD, you may see some diminishment due to the strength of U.S. dollar, but at the local market level, I think it's really important that investors understand, these companies continue to grow at double-digits. And so with that, I'll forward over to Luis.
Larry Zimpleman: Yes. I think all of that is very, very accurate. And again, we have seen the situation in Brazil sort of return to what you would consider to be normal in March and April.
Larry Zimpleman: Right, this is Larry. I don’t think there is anything unusual, we had the fourth quarter commentary around Mexico tax changes and we also had the change that we opted to make that greater amortization of the intangible relative to the prev but that was in fourth quarter, nothing in first quarter and nothing that we can see going forward, although of course one never knows.
Larry Zimpleman: Yes, those are interesting questions Chris, I appreciate that. This is Larry. Let me again just kind of backup because I think your question is interesting. And one of the things that I think has differentiated Principal over the period since the financial crisis because we’ve had within the industry and across all of financial services, we’ve had very significant, both legislative and regulatory change that has gone on. And the two most noteworthy ones I think would be the Affordable Care Act and Dodd Frank. And I think to the credit of this management team, I think they’ve done an excellent job in managing and maneuvering around the substantial change that both of those pieces of legislation are going bring to broadly to financial services. So the very effective wind down, a very successful financial wind down of our medical business, difficult as the decision was, I think really position us well. And then as you noted, the deregistration of the bank, again we're still in the banking business, but we’ve changed the charter of the bank, so that we no longer have Federal Reserve oversight Principal Holding Company. Those are really significant items that may not get full credit for those who maybe aren’t as close to our industry or our businesses. I’d say going forward, so most of the regulatory things that could snag us for the most part, we’ve maneuvered around. There is still, as you know, there is still the potential around, we don’t know what systemically important definitions are going to be around asset managers. I would say, we’re sort of in the range of somewhere between 25 and 30th largest global asset management company. And I’ll let Jim comment in a minute. So, it’s kind of hard to see that we would be in -- anything approaching the first phase of any definitions of systemically significant. So, I don’t really worry too much about that. Again, I’ll let Jim comment. On your point about Iowa, that’s an interesting question. Actually to dig into that, what you’ll find is that the company is re-domesticating, but in many cases, and I think this is true both of Symetra and Fidelity & Guaranty Life, they are re-domesticating, but if you actually look at the jobs that they are going to bring here, it sort of numbers in the 100s, it certainly, and they’re going to keep many of their existing -- they’re going to keep their locations and their existing employees. So maybe overtime in 5 or 10 years it has some impact, but we are talking maybe 100 to 200 jobs that they will be bringing here over the next year or two, so I don’t see it as a big factor. with that maybe I will forward over to Jim.
Larry Zimpleman: Yes. Ryan this is Larry. Our comment around M&A would be broadly inclusive of any deployment of capital. So if we were to buy a bigger ownership share of some of our existing boutique, obviously that would a deployment of capital. So yes that is part of our commentary when we talk about the kind of M&A pipeline.
Larry Zimpleman: Yes. That’s interesting, this is Larry. That’s a really interesting question. What I would say is that we often forget that the average participant in a 401(k) plan likely doesn’t read the Wall Street Journal every day and they don’t turn on CNBC, Squawk Box or Bloomberg or FOX Business channel or any of the other media that probably many of us on this call look at multiple times each and every day. And so therefore we forget that the average 401(k) investor is in a very, very different world. They are middle income sort of person focused on their job and their family and they know they need to say but they’re clearly not an investment expert. And I think one of the unique elements of our business model and the platform that we put together including the investment platform is that we get that, we understand that, and we understand that our role is to construct very solid, but also easy, able to understand sort of investment offset. So when people start talking about ETFs and liquid alts and private equity and all of that stuff, I too chuckle a little bit, because it’s really hard to see, how that is something that can be easily explained in a way that the average 401(k) participant is going to have the interest in. Now I will say, on the other hand Eric, I will say the area where it’s possible those types of options could make some inroads would be to be a part inside some sort of target date structure. So for example, taking 5% of an investment allocation inside of target date fund and then deciding whether some alternative investments like the ones you describe might be a piece of that as a way to perhaps have higher investment performance or more stable investment performance. But that’s something where the participant really doesn’t need to be involved in that and frankly wouldn’t be involved in that.
Larry Zimpleman: I think one of the -- this is Larry Steven, I think one of the interesting things is that the challenges have been so significant in the Chinese equity market that I think many of the more sophisticated investors are now actually starting to think that we're getting closer to maybe an interesting opportunity relative to Chinese equity A shares. So it will be interesting to see what happens over the next couple of years basically with us. 
Larry Zimpleman: Well, thanks everybody for joining us for our call this morning. As we said, we're very pleased with our strong start to the year and we're really pleased with the ongoing momentum of our businesses. And we look forward to visiting with many of you on the road in the coming months. So, I hope everybody has a great day.
Terry Lillis: No, not on that one Larry, but I think on the what you talk about Seth also was on the variable annuity block business being a little bit higher than we had seen in the past, $34 million this quarter. We see that the variable annuity block has benefited from some higher fees because of the equity market run up and this more than offsetting some of fixed deferred annuities spread compression that we’re seeing. We see that this is very a pretty good run rate on a go forward basis. So that observation of it being a bigger block of business for us on a go forward basis is a good observation.
Terry Lillis: Sure, Chris. Our targets for long-term for the end of the year for the RBC are still in that 415% to 425% range, as we make estimates during the year and that’s still a pretty good range for us. We were up 439% at the end of the year and we have brought that down purposely because of the $100 million surplus note redemption. So we are back down into that range and expect to be there at the end of the year as well.
Terry Lillis: Yes, Ryan, this is Terry. The non-controlling interest that we have is reflected as mezzanine equity in both the GAAP and statutory basis. So we already have reflected the obligation that we have to acquire some of these boutiques that can be actually put back to us. So we’ve recognized that already, but as Larry says as we deploy that capital to buy a bigger share of that then we get the earnings in it and we’ll release it as well, but doesn’t have an impact on the RBC ratio.
Terry Lillis: [This is Terry, Eric]. (Inaudible) just a couple of comments and that is remember that we still make available a brokerage window on plans where the advisor or the plan sponsor is keen on providing additional investment options, but most of these plans as said, a lot of trusties meeting 10 to 15 options, 30% of these dollars generally flow to a target date or target risk like fund, there is 30 minute group employee meetings if you got to get that message other too complicated, my last prove point even if we look at non-qualified deferred compensation, which often times funded with life insurance, on those that are funded with, mutual fund options, they are not asking in that target market for exchange traded funds or hedge funds in that place as well. So I do think it’s more of a after-tax investment option for many of the high wage earners.
Terry Lillis: Steven, this is Terry. Yes it did, it factored in. Now that will come in all year long. In fact, one of the things that we talked about the guidance is that it will also reflect some other changes such as variable income, it's somewhat spotty throughout the year as well. But over the long period as Dan talked about that you'll see this revenue and expense get back to that higher end of that 30% to 32% return on that revenue range.
Terry Lillis: Yes, Steven, this is Terry. The variable annuity that we called out was a little bit bigger in the guaranteed businesses, the investment-only, the full service payout, you can actually reflect it there. But there was also some variable income that was spread among all the other businesses, and what we found in those other businesses that there were some partial offsets to that. For example the individual annuity, it got some variable income as well, but that plus a lower effective tax rate somewhat offset some of the higher amortizations of tax. So, we kind of looked at it as what was a good number for each of the businesses and called those numbers out.
Jim McCaughan: Yes. Thanks Larry. In terms of regulations of assets managers, if you go back to the financial crises, the one piece of the asset management business that was really at the center of the troubles of those money market funds and whether they could preserve the buck. I think appropriately if one looking to what regulators are doing related to asset managers their focus is on money market funds and that’s where the systemic risk might be. But fortunately and deliberately that’s a pretty small business for us. And we handle client’s cash in appropriate ways. And Larry, talked about our bank in the insurance separate accounts. So money market funds is something we are not at the center of. If I look at regulation and how it affects our asset management activities, it’s much more the second order affect, how it affects the parties we trade with. So we had new market system came in, in 2007 with a lot of controversy about equity trading. Like all big equity houses we have much more sophisticated metrics and controls now than we used to have to cope with those competitive markets. And then of course in the bond market, as you know we’re a big high yield manager, we deal in a lot of relatively illiquid bonds like preferreds. I think that the consequences of Dodd-Frank and the fact that the banks are devoting less capital to bond trading are something that we have worked on, upgraded our trading capabilities and essentially we are able to work on it. So I think, it’s more second order than the first order for us in terms of asset management regulation. And just to close, of course there is a lot going on in Europe. I think that may actually turnout for us with the alternative products we have in Europe and the new regulatory framework there it may turn into an opportunity.
Jim McCaughan: Yes. There is two different types and the boutiques that are consolidated, you’re correct that we put in a 100% of the boutique into our income statement. But then we deduct for the minority interest, and so if we buy in some of that minority interest as a positive impact on earnings. The other sources where we’re on a smaller stick for their non-consolidated equity method accounting, in those cases if we buy in some more then we end up with a bigger share on the equity method. And eventually it will trip into consolidation at a point for debate with between our CFO and our auditor. So that would be the technical side of it. In terms of the business side, we are keen eventually to buy in some of these minority interests, but when we have bought a stake in a boutique, particularly from a founder or an entrepreneurial manager we like them to keep some equity in the boutique for the rest of their careers in effect. And so buying in tends to be related to succession planning. So if a retired partner in a boutique, if he retires, he or she retires then we will buyback their stock and sometimes have limited recycling to the next generation, but that’s more difficult technically. So I think on balance, we view positively that evolution, but we take it in a measured way because we like to keep the equity for alignment.
Jim McCaughan: Yes, Jim McCaughan here. In terms of the pipeline, sales so far this year are up high single-digits percent from last year which was a record year for sales. So, so far this year, the sales are looking quite buoyant in the pipeline with its visibility as at least to good as it’s ever been for us. I think it’s the same story as it’s been for the last two years on sales which is increased demand for specialty product. Terry mentioned yield in the script, and we have a remarkable array of yield buyers, investment capabilities from real estate, other alternatives through high yield equities, high yield bonds preferred securities and all the real estate products. So if you added up, we are really in good demand for investors seeking yield. Also more broadly specialty products, things like small cap and emerging markets, emerging markets may not be this year’s theme, but they are coming back. And so we are well positioned we believe to continue building that pipeline which as I say has been quite strong this year.
Jim McCaughan: Yes, thank you for that question Eric. There is a very rapid set of changes going on in clients’ desires and needs. And we’ve talked before about the move by clients away from active core products. That actually wasn't a big factor this quarter, but it's one that we must be vigilant about looking forward. Our challenge by the way with clients or inactive core products, which may be less attractive in future is to offer them some of these more in demand products that I talked about earlier in the call. That's one element, but in the particular quarter, they are a lot of moving parts and some of this is to do with these kind of inevitable losses of clients’ requirements change. So, for example, there's no one big theme, but for example we had a withdrawal in our currency group, which was really related to the changed hedging policy of the client. We had withdrawals from stable value, which was I think well known move more into equities, more into target date funds as people gain confidence. We had some profit taking in real estate that leads to an outflow, but it also leads to a happy client who hopefully will come back for more when we’ve got propositions to offer them. So, I think this will continue to be a theme. The fact that we have the attractive products to replace it with that’s why structurally we feel confident that we'll continue to have positive flows in the institutional space. But I do think it's very important that we beat continued diligence and vigilance about dealing with those clients.
Jim McCaughan: I think the answer to that is yes, we're looking at it. We have QFII capacity through our joint venture, so it happens to CCB Principal Asset Management which is part of Principal International but we have Principal Global Investors are managing or advising rather on those QFII assets. RQFII is expanding, it's relatively modest as far as global asset managers are concerned, but we do expect to be involved.
