Larry Zimpleman: Okay. Good morning, Steven. Good to hear from you. Sorry, if my comments were cutting in and out during the early part. What I said there to sort of summarize our view for the year, Steven, is that we expect the 2010 full service accumulation sales to be up approximately – I think we said 15 to 20% over 2009. Again, we are seeing generally positive trends albeit it’s still a bit early, but we’re seeing positive trends in sales pipeline. We’re seeing positive trends in close rates and as I said, our investment performance from PGI, other affiliates as well as some of our other sub-advisers, generally I would say remains good. I’ll make a couple of quick comments on the health and 401-K matching and Dan Houston may want to add a little bit more. In terms of the health business, we have seen some sort of favorable reserve development there. To your point as to whether that’s from people not going to the doctor or what all the factors maybe, I don’t really have that at my hands other than there has been favorable reserve developments, so there does seem to be some trends along the line you indicate. And as far as 401-K, it’s interesting there had been a number of articles here in the last week or so, and I think that by and large those article seem to square pretty well with our experience. Many of our plans are written with a discretionary match, so it’s a little hard to know whether it’s really been “suspend” or whether it’s just – it’s a match that can be discretionary. But having said that, we think that somewhere between 20 and 25% matches have been restored. I think that’s not completely inconsistent with what was in the Wall Street Journal or what I think was in some of the Hewitt Information a week ago, but Dan might want to comment.
Larry Zimpleman: I’ll just make a couple of comments. This is Larry, Jeff. I’m not familiar with that particular case, so I can’t really comment on that one. I would say by and large that we believe for a long time that this market in terms the 401-K defined contribution market is going to move towards more sophisticated investment options, more sophisticated pricing is going to move toward institutional fees and that’s where we’ve been for many, many, many years. So, I think again this is all positive, and I think probably the bigger driver in this beyond any particular decision by court is going to be the Department of Labor’s effort to put more transparency around fees and I’ll let Dan comment on that.
Larry Zimpleman: Sure. I’ll let Norman comment on that, Darin. Thank you by the way for picking up coverage this quarter, we appreciate that.
Larry Zimpleman: Some of that withdrawal, Darin, if you go back into prior periods, at one point, we had a fair amount of money markets in India and in our Indian mutual fund family and those were amounts that by the nature of money markets tend to be sort of cycle in and out. And so as we’ve focus that operation more on through long-term funds that’s another of the factors along with what Norman’s explaining around withdrawals.
Larry Zimpleman: Sure. The home equity loan portfolio, I think, is in the range of $850 million. It includes I think somewhere around 16,000 loans. These are primarily loans that were put on the books in sort of the 2005 or ‘06 to 2007 period. They are pretty well diversified geographically, so they’re not concentrated necessarily in the states that have been particularly problematical. We have been monitoring this portfolio all along, so again we continue to do a lot of analysis around that. Maybe I’ll have Terry or if Terry wants to comment further.
Larry Zimpleman: So, I think our expectation going forward, Darin, is we probably lots of all that portfolio probably in the range of 8 to 10 million a quarter, which would be offset by operating earnings for the bank. So, we expect that to be about a breakeven situation going forward.
Larry Zimpleman: I’ll just kick that off and have Dan comment on. First of all, in terms of overall price competition, again this is a business that has always been competitive and as I’ve said to many of you, our responsibility really is to manage the business in such a way that it produces a desired profitability. And I think again you’re seeing in terms of the profitability both in the second quarter and sort of on a rolling basis that it continues to perform very much in line with our expectations. So, again, that’s part of the thing that we manage and I don’t know that I would necessarily say that large cases or somehow more price competitive than small cases. It really just – every part of the market is competitive, but I think we’ve demonstrated we have the ability to manage through that and I’ll let Dan comment on the one particular case.
Larry Zimpleman: Right. And I think this is a key point, Tom, and something that does sometimes kind of get loss in the understanding around this particular issue. Again, Julia and her team do continuous stress modeling, looking for future losses and then are taking impairments against that. So, we’re already taking impairments for losses that won’t occur in many cases for another one or two years. And I think in the case of many investors, they get confused between the timing for impairment as compared to when the actual the bond losses occur and by the time the bond losses occur, we’ve done our work well and Julia’s team is as good as it gets. We’ve already taken those impairments, so that’s have already been front loaded into our financials, and I think investors need to have a sort of better understanding and appreciation for that.Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse AG: Okay, but –
Larry Zimpleman: Well, a couple of comments, Randy. Again, I think its 30 basis points ROA, which has been sort of the historical range that we’ve talked about, and I would say sort of yes with one caveat and then I’ll let Dan comment as well. The one caveat is that again as we have said before, Randy, there is a mix of business issue that’s involved here. So, for example, on our ESOP [ph] business, employer securities provide little if any in the way of fee revenue. Our proprietary investment options generate a higher degree of fee revenue. So, there is very much a mix of business issue here. And so the caveat, in terms of maintaining fees, the answer is yes with the caveat that we’re assuming there’s not a substantial shift or change in mix of business, so that will be the only thing that you’ll need to watch and you can see that in the financial supplement. You can track that quarter by quarter and kind of see how does various buckets are trending and I’ll let Dan add his comments.
Larry Zimpleman: Well, I think certainly – this is Larry, Randy. On the home equity piece, so it’s definitely. I mean when I say catch up, what I mean is that we started to see delinquencies and severities increase in the last quarter or two. So, I don’t know if that’s catch up, but certainly we felt it was appropriate to increase the loss recognition around that portfolio. I think on the CMBS, I’ll let Julia comment on that.
Larry Zimpleman: Okay. I’ll try to take them quickly, Colin, and Terry will want to comment on a couple of these as well. But in terms of ROE growth, the fact that we’re holding higher capital, we think probably impacts ROE around 56 to 60 basis points. But having said that, I think our current ROE of about 10.6, I think is still reasonably competitive within the industry. Having said that, I guess we still believe that we have the opportunity to grow that ROE even at these higher levels of capital, we’ll continue to grow that ROE about 50 basis points a year, so there’s really been no change around that because of the fee nature of our growth businesses. We see opportunities to continue to grow from this kind of 10.5 to 10.6% levels. In terms of numbers of plans, that’s really a combination of two things. Number one, there’s fewer startup plans, so we’re not writing quite as many plans in this kind of an environment and number two, of course, there are a few more terminations of plans meaning very small employers who go out of business. So, again, we think those are trends that will normalize and reverse themselves overtime. Quickly on the HELOC, I would just comment that is basically a portfolio that was purchased through a few different sources, but basically those are all correspondents. We don’t necessarily have a basis to originate those, and again that activity was ceased as of a number of years ago, so we’re not having to be adding any of those home equity loans in the portfolio over the last couple of last years. And I’ll let Terry comment very quickly on the Individual Life DAC issue.
Larry Zimpleman: Well, again, I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning and for your continuing interest in the Principal. As we’ve mentioned in our call today, we do see increasing evidence that the economy in the small and medium sector are now at the beginning of what we hope to be a growth cycle going forward. Although we’re going to focus on challenges that remain, we also believe we are well-positioned as we go forward for the next few quarters, and we look forward to speaking with many of you about the opportunities that we believe will continue to differentiate Principal Financial Group from our peers. Thank you and have a great day.
Daniel Houston: Yes. Thanks, Larry. Just a couple of quick comments, Larry is correct. If you look at the experience for Principal, our smaller plan sponsors are the ones that dialed back there or suspended their matches within the last 18 months and again, they’re probably the slower ones who put the matches back in place. The larger plans, we’ve seen about 20 to 25% of our existing customers with the matches back up to where they were previously for our …Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Daniel Houston: Something less than 20 to 25%. So, the small to medium size have been slower than the larger plans to add back their matches.
Daniel Houston: Yes, maybe just a couple of quick comment on the structures that we have today. The retail share clusters are actually the least used inside our 401-K plans, separate accounts, which were originally designed to be institutional nature is very common. We have institutional share class of registered products. We also have CITs made available for our largest clients and of course, we’ve got our own institutional share classes available to our clients. So, again, it gets back to suitability. The clients work with their investment advisers and again, there’s full disclosure on the fees for not only the plan administration record keeping but also for investment manager phase.Jeffrey Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Daniel Houston: Sure. The one case was roughly a quarter of a billion dollars, $250 to 300 million. This is a piece of business that actually had come over in one of our endorse transfers, five years ago. It’s been a very price sensitive sort of customer during that entire period of time that finally reached a point – if we look at it from a profitability perspective, we weren’t pleased with it from a profitability perspective – took it out to bid and they went with who I would’ve describe as a very low cost, no frills provider of the marketplace. There wasn’t [inaudible] you placed on a total retirement sweep approach, it was a standalone 401-K and they certainly wouldn’t have put value on the Retire Secure Worksite sort of solution. So, again, not a good match post-acquisition some five years ago.
Daniel Houston: Yes, that’s exactly right. And the only other comment I’d make about fees and fee disclosures, the Department of Labor has handed down a requirement that by July of next year 2011, we’ll have to comply with the standard approach in terms of disclosing fees for recordkeeping, administration, asset management fee, trust fees and advisory fees were already – feel very good about our current disclosure. We’ve been at it for many years and so to the extent that it’s raised out there in the marketplace we feel like ours, we will compete very well with the competition.Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay, great. And then there’s one more if I could, also just on the CMBS. I guess maybe this is for Terry or Julia, but would you characterized the CMBS charges, this quarter is kind of a catch up. I mean certainly it seems that way for the home equity products, but I mean it was a little bit higher than the run rate has been and so was there something in the squirt [ph] that cause you to kind of take out a lump of impairments that may not be recurring going forward.
Daniel Houston: Yes, maybe just two real quick ones. As you know we’ve talked about previously the build out of our Pen [ph] networks, which are our proprietary network development going on and roughly six or seven cities around the country to get better discounts from hospitals and physicians and clinics et cetera. So, it does require some investment to build out that capability. We’re also making a modest investment in distribution as well as back office to comply with healthcare reforms. So, we’re going to have some pressure on expenses, we continue to manage that very aggressively and at the same time, you can see a nice improvement in overall loss ratios, and again, those two areas are certainly driving cost up for our overhead administrative expenses.
Norman Sorensen: Yes, consecutively net cash flows have been increasing significantly over the past year. The quarter was $1.5 billion up and the deposits obviously exceeded withdrawals. We’ve seen net cash flow at $1.5 billion, but we have seen of that about a foreign exchange impact of 500 million negative. But we have seen investment performance in the range of 700 million and obviously, we’ve seen year-to-date 3.4 billion and net cash flow improvement.
Norman Sorensen: Well, on a quarterly – this is Norman. On a quarterly basis, we have indicated that we expect earnings to drop by about between $10 and 12 million per quarter after tax.
Norman Sorensen: That’s right.Edward Spehar – BofA Merrill Lynch: And then how quickly – now, is it going to grow still off of that as the start of your 15% or is there a faster growth rate recovery because of what you see as sort of near-term opportunities.
Terrance Lillis: Yes, just to let you know the size of the bank it’s about a $2.4 billion asset under management. As Larry said, it’s around $800 million of the HELOC for the home equity loans and so the concentration is not in any particular one state, it is as Larry mentioned diversified and we are monitoring it, modeling it, and looking at the portfolio with a fine view.
Terrance Lillis: Yes. Darin, this is Terry. The reserve that we have set against that portfolio is about $32 million after against the HELOC loans. In total we have about $40 million of reserves against the entire portfolio, but we think that that 4%, we feel that that’s an appropriate reserve at this point.
Terrance Lillis: Yes, Colin. As we had two large claims that generated losses in the current period, they were offset by reinsurance. So, the economic impact of it, this quarter was about $2 million. However, accounting practice does not allow you to recognize the reinsurance reimbursement during the current period and you have to spread that over the life of the portfolio, which could be 75 years plus and so there’s going to be very little impact. The net effect of this in several different lines through geography was a $5 million tax impact of the underwriting of the reinsurance amortization or impact. As a result, we said that at $2 million economic impact versus a $5 million gap impact generated lower earnings in the life line by about $3 million after tax this quarter. Therefore, we feel that that was an appropriate adjustment to make to our EPS in the current period.
