Deanna Strable: Yes. It was us taking over those properties in a complete default. Obviously, the extreme one was very unlikely 40% additional decrease from our already reduced 22% values. And then I also think it's important that, that wouldn't all happen at one time and would happen over an extended period of time.
Deanna Strable: Yes. Thanks, John, for the question. I hope your recovery is going well after your accident. Just a couple of things there. That $1.8 billion that you see on the slide is elevated due to the $700 million of debt issuance that we issued in the first quarter but we will pay off the corresponding existing debt in the second quarter. So a pro forma would be more like the $1.1 billion. Your follow-up is then why did that go down from where we were at the end of the year. And so just a couple of comments on that.  Really, the 2 things that are going to impact that roll forward other than that issuance of debt I just referred to is, one, the return of capital to our shareholders, and two, any free cash flow and dividends between entities during the quarter. So obviously, you saw during the first quarter, we continued to return a sizable amount to our shareholders, over $300 million with $150 million of share buybacks and a slightly larger amount through our common stock dividend. On free cash flow and dividends, first quarter is always seasonably light. It's really kind of 2 primary drivers there. We build up, and then there's just seasonality in the timing of dividends. And then also in the first quarter, you have all the cash payments of bonuses that also pressures first quarter as well.  If you go back to '22 and look at the roll forward from fourth quarter of '21 to first quarter of '22, you're going to see a very similar pattern which pointed to minimal free cash flow in the first quarter, but albeit a very strong free cash flow for the full year. Beyond that, fourth quarter is always our largest quarter for free cash flow. As you heard me mention in our prepared remarks, one thing that was a little different this quarter versus first quarter of last year, is we did see a higher volume of high-return organic deployment opportunities in the quarter and accelerated a portion of our full year sales plan -- we're not changing our full year sales expectation. So again, it's just a shifting from future quarters into the current quarter and we actually then will see higher than originally anticipated free cash flow in the other quarters. The one I would point to that is most obvious is PRT. We had nearly $600 million of sales in the quarter, and first quarter is typically a very, very light quarter. So I think bottom line, the seasonality we saw was not unexpected. We've seen it in prior years. We'll continue to see it in future years, and we remain confident about our free cash flow opportunities for the entire year. Thanks.
Deanna Strable: Tracy, you also mentioned Group Life. Actually, group life is down once you adjust first quarter of '22 for the COVID claims. It is up from fourth quarter, but it was more because we had an abnormally low loss ratio in the fourth quarter of '22. So you had mentioned group life, so I just wanted to touch on that one as well.
Deanna Strable: Yes. So as you're aware, our free cash flow is all driven by statutory results as well as, again, in non-life entities, it would be the movement of that excess cash and capital up to the holding company. We are confident on that. As mentioned, the seasonality and some of just the pressuring of dividends and the fact that we dividend a high amount in the fourth quarter. So you start the year at a smaller level in those subsidiaries. We feel very confident relative to that. I don't see any meaningful disruption to our capital plans in the current environment. And the other thing I'd bring you back to is, post the transactions last year, our risk profile of our business mix is lower. Our credit risk is lower. We've talked a lot and given you a lot of material of why we feel really good about the high-quality of our investment performance, our portfolio that will perform well. And so again, when you bring that all together, we will see higher dividends in 2Q, 3Q and 4Q. And we also do see that seasonality in statutory results as we go throughout the year.
Deanna Strable: Wes, just so you're aware, the deployment can come out of 2 places. It can come from excess you had coming into the quarter as well as the free cash flow generation during the quarter. And we came in at about -- I think it was just shy of $300 million of excess coming into the year in our holdco and in the entities. And so again, you need to factor that into that result as well.
Deanna Strable: Mike, that was not included in the stress test that we included. But if you actually look at Page 14 and given that 98.5% of those CMBSs are NAIC 1, I think any impact in a stress scenario, and again, in addition to the commentary that, Pat, would be very, very minor relative to that risk.
Deanna Strable: Yes. I think there will be volatility quarter-to-quarter. But I think if you annualize that amount, that's in the ballpark. And I think if you kind of looked at kind of our free cash flow estimates relative to kind of what you'd be expecting, you'd get to that same level. Obviously, we want to recognize the current environment. We need -- there is some lumpiness quarter-to-quarter, we need to take into account. But yes, I think that's a good indication of what could occur through the rest of the year.
Deanna Strable: Yes. Thanks, Tom, for the question. I think the seasonality is greater than what you're giving credit to. If you went back to the roll forward from fourth quarter to first quarter last year, there we deployed approximately $900 million in the quarter, and our capital was reduced by just shy of $900 million. And so again, very modest free cash flow. So you're understating the amount of seasonality. I think maybe the organic opportunities is probably in the ballpark. But really that seasonality is much greater than what you were anticipating in your roll forward. There were some modest one-timers in the quarter. I'd say either they were anticipated in our capital plan, but we knew they would be pressuring first quarter or they will reverse in future quarters, but it's really that seasonality that you're understating, and I take you back to a year ago to kind of do a comparison.
Deanna Strable: Now it's just one thing to point. I don't know what you were comparing to. But if you were comparing back to first quarter of '22, that would have included expenses relative to the retail fixed annuity business. Again, that will normalize. And we still had PSA expense and some other items in there as well.
Deanna Strable: Yes. I don't think that's an easy answer because every product is different. Again, the one we highlighted was PRT because that was different than what was kind of a normal seasonality where PRT tends to be in a normal year, very back-end loaded, and we saw, again, great opportunity, great returns and wanted to take advantage of that. And so again, seasonality, as I said, first quarter free cash flow, very pressured. Fourth quarter free cash flow, very strong. But again, product-by-product, that seasonality is very, very different.
Patrick Halter: Yes. So thanks for the question, Ryan. I think as you know, we have been a very strong and very active advisor to investors throughout the world in real estate. And we do have a very strong committed but unfunded pipeline through those conversations with clients throughout the world. As you can imagine, we have not deployed that pipeline, that sort of drive power into the marketplace until we believe that valuations have gotten to a point where we believe we can start to enter into the markets again. But that pipeline is over $7 billion today in unfunded committed capital, both in the debt and in the equity strategies. So at the right time -- at the right appropriate time, we will deploy that.  To your second question, that timing will be, I think, dependent again, once we see valuations are at a place we are desirable for us to engage. That probably is going to be later this year. We believe it's going to have a transmission effect over the next 2 quarters yet to get valuations to a place where we think we can start to enter with any sort of strong conviction. But we will and have a desire to get back in the markets when we think it's appropriate.  One other thing just to mention, Ryan, I just was in Asia 3 weeks ago. And not only in terms of the additional sort of funds we have today, but the active interest from institutional investors to eventually take advantage of the opportunity in real estate is quite pronounced. And we're having some new and active conversations with institutional investors in many parts of the world to raise money, particularly in private debt right now because I think that's the first place of entry point, but also in terms of private equity as we go into 2024.
Patrick Halter: Yes. So thanks for the question, Jimmy. As you note, the margin for the first quarter was a little over 30%. That should not be a good reflection of where we see the rest of the year in terms of margins. We did have -- as you recall, every year, we have a sort of onetime expense adjustment associated with retirement deferred compensation and also payroll taxes that is a onetime first quarter. That was around $20 million. So that's one thing just to highlight, Jimmy, in terms of that margin discussion.  The second thing is we do think and have seen a first quarter sort of reset in terms of some valuations starting to increase, and that's going to allow for a little bit larger AUM base going forward along with the growth that we continue to expect in the platforms we have. And so our guidance of 34% to 37% that we presented to you in the outlook call, we remain very confident that we will achieve that 34% to 37% by the end of the year, Jimmy.
Patrick Halter: Yes. Thanks, Michael, for the question. I think one of the sort of the benefits that we have as an organization, as Dan highlighted in his prepared remarks in terms of the size of our organization. So on the office component, which I know is very important to all on the line here, but we also do this for the broader portfolio. But office, we're actually reevaluating -- re-underwriting each one of those loans every quarter. So we have a very deep, wide experience team that covers 40 of the major markets in the U.S. And we have underwriters who are steep in knowledge, steep in those markets to do basically quarterly reevaluations, reconstructing the cash flows associated with the rental streams and lease structure of those transactions real time along with getting market data on where cap rates may be, where they may be heading, what's going on in terms of market rents relative to the contract rents in our sort of property, tenancy changes and really updating on a cash flow basis, each one of those assets from a property income expense perspective. So we are actually doing a very deep cash flow analysis, which allows us to have a lot of confidence in those debt service coverage ratios as a result of that in terms of analysis, Michael.  And then in terms of valuations, obviously, we also have a very deep experienced equity real estate group, which is developing, managing real estate throughout the country. So they're getting real-time broker opinions as to the trends that are going on in terms of cap rates, trends that are going on in terms of investor sentiment. And so it's a very robust process that we're engineering every quarter now for our office portfolio. And then on the residential and industrial portfolio is also, we're going through that same process over a sequence of quarters.
Patrick Halter: Yes. So we do have analysis that goes on relative to our CMBS portfolio also. And interesting to note that our sort of office exposure in the private space in terms of that percentage is somewhat similar to what we have in our CMBS portfolio holdings, 25%, 30% is in office. We are actually evaluating those assets also from the point of view of both maturity and in our sort of CMBS portfolio, those office loans in terms of maturity are quite limited in terms of 2023 and 2024. But we're also -- because of the subordination levels, we're doing a sort of a bottom-up analysis as to -- how are those subordination levels protecting us from [Technical Difficulty] now as just I highlighted, Michael, and the cash flow analysis is highlighted. And we're then applying that to the actual structure of those CMBS structures in terms of subordination levels. And what we're finding is very positive thus far. And that is when we stress test those portfolios, we still have subordination levels that would allow us to have a great deal of comfort because those subordination levels would still be in a stress test environment of 21% or better. And that is an A quality approach and level of rating if we looked at that from a sort of a comparable sort of rating agency perspective.
Patrick Halter: Yes. So typically, you'd get an appraisal. The challenge today, as you can imagine, Suneet, is the appraisals are probably not as current, not as, I think, active in understanding real time what's going on within the reconstruction of those cash flows, the buildings and how the tenancy and the market rents relative to the contract rent buildings are evaluated and changing. So we do not sort of -- in that sort of analysis go out and get a third-party valuation opinion. We think that our expertise, our deep analysis is probably superior frankly, to that.
Patrick Halter: Just to add to that, we have over 550 institutional investors in over 34 countries, and they also feel very comfortable with the process we deploy here.
Patrick Halter: Yes. Great. Thanks, Erik. Thanks for that question. It's been interesting. We actually were in our fixed income sort of portfolio. We had a couple of things that were kind of interesting in the first quarter. One was, as you know, we're very active in preferreds. And given the banking prices, we did have a little bit of outflow from preferreds. Interesting to note, though, as we sort of communicated to investors, and we've gotten sort of maybe on the other side of the banking crisis, investors are now starting to look at preferreds again. And I mentioned that because I think our specialty income sort of capabilities continue to be relevant in the marketplace even with investors moving to money market and to CDs. We do think there's been a little bit of a pause because of that, but there is a lot of active discussions underway about high yield. There's a lot of active discussions I mentioned about preferreds and relatively speaking, things that we think we're very good at like emerging market debt REITs. That activity is also increasing in terms of income-producing investments. So we think that fixed income, once interest rates stabilize and the Fed starts to maybe get in place of not raising rates, there will be maybe more of an interest -- a bigger amount of active investing in fixed income, and we're expecting that.
Patrick Halter: No, I think that's really well said. Just to add a little bit, Tom, to the dimensionality of it. It is -- does have a big concentration in industrial and has a big concentration in residential. So that's really good. I think we've identified in the office in the past what carrying value is a little over -- a little over $1.5 billion versus the cost base $500 million. So -- but it's a very diversified portfolio. I think we have a lot of flexibility to use the portfolio as Deanna highlighted, and it's well positioned for that.
Patrick Halter: Yes. So thanks for the question, Alex. Clearly, I think on the retail side, the platform side, there still continues to be a lot of investor uncertainty relative to market conditions, the economy, inflation, the path of interest rates. And as I mentioned in my response to Erik, there is a lot of money that continues to flow into money market accounts, CDs. And that is, I think, something that will continue to probably be an active area for investors. That being said, I think, as I mentioned earlier, we do like our relative position to specialized investment income products, as I mentioned in my previous response. And I think we will continue to see, as I highlighted, also more active interest in private credit, private debt. Some of the real estate sort of offerings that we believe are viable in this marketplace as we look forward to next year or 2.  And so I think that's an area of potential growth on the institutional side. The equity space, we have some strong equity sort of capabilities. We had a couple of nice wins. I think we highlighted that in the material in the first quarter. So I think there's still uncertainty, there's still a lot of sort of thought capital we need to provide investors were to position themselves in an uncertain marketplace. But our broad-based of investment capabilities, I think, offer a lot of choice to them.
Christopher Littlefield: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question, Jimmy. Yes. I think when we look at flows in the first quarter, I'd comment on a few different things. We certainly are seeing lumpiness in the large market, and we had 1 low fee plan that lapsed in the quarter, that was about $2.8 billion in assets. Despite that 1 lapse, we are seeing really strong pipeline in large -- and a reminder that in large -- are you going to see lumpiness, both on the flows in as well as flows out when they happen since they're larger plans. When I think about transfer deposit performance though, up 22%. We got really strong momentum in our business and a really strong pipeline. The underlying fundamentals are strong as well. I think Dan mentioned in his comments, particularly in the SMB. And so while when you look at recurring deposits growing at about 4% versus a year ago and 11% on a trailing 12-month basis, it's particularly strong in the SMB space. Those recurring deposits are up sort of 8% to 9%, and our net cash flow in SMB alone was nearly $2 billion in the quarter. So we're seeing really strong performance there. But again, it doesn't take away from some of the lumpiness you're going to see on flows when you have 1 large plan [indiscernible] and the full fee plan.
Christopher Littlefield: Yes, sure. I would say we still see growth, although it's certainly slowing from what we saw in 2022. So John, when I look at the number of participants deferring the numbers receiving a match, the new participants with account value and the overall average of deferred dollars per participant, all of those metrics are up 3% to 4% year-over-year. And again, as I highlighted in the SMB, it's particularly strong at 8% to 9% on recurring deposits. So that's all positive, albeit a bit slower than we've seen in past years.
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Welcome, Wes. Thanks for the question. Yes. I mean as Deanna mentioned, we had a very strong start to the year, which was a little bit unusual for first quarter. We do expect to grow our PRT business, call it, 10% to 15% over year -- over last year, so in that $2.3-ish billion range is kind of what we're shooting for. The industry is expecting opportunities of the $30 billion to $40 billion range overall, and plans are still really well funded according to Mercer at 102%. So we do see a lot of opportunities for PRT. I think the most important thing for us, though, is we deploy that capital in a disciplined way. And so we're not going after every PRT opportunity, we're going for those where we can get a good return on the capital that we're investing in that business.
Christopher Littlefield: And to that point, Dan, about $150 million of the $600 million in this quarter were existing DB customers of ours. So you do see the power of that in our business.
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Sure. Thanks for the question, Erik. I mean, I think -- we definitely are seeing 3 primary drivers in what's happening in that investment income. Certainly, we've seen the benefit to the increase in short-term interest rates, and that certainly had a positive effect. We've seen some additional timing difference between when the rates are increasing and when that rates are credited back to the customer, so the lag. That's been a second driver. And then we've seen overall growth in the block of our business. So those are the key drivers in NII. I think when you look at the supplement, you look just at NII, it can -- it's not necessarily the best picture because you also have to take into account the interest that's being credited in the BCSD line. And so there is certainly a benefit that we're seeing, but it's not as large as you would see just by looking solely at the NII line. So definitely a benefit. We expect to see some additional benefits if interest rates continue to rise, although I think we're kind of nearing the end of the larger increases that we saw over the course of 2022, and we expect to have some benefit. What we've also said through '22, and what I'll reiterate again today, that will normalize over time in net interest margin. There are competitive pressures and others, and that will tend to normalize over the long term, but we will -- we expect to see some benefit.
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Thanks for that, Alex. I mean what I would say is we continue to exercise good disciplined expense management. And I think as I said last quarter, we're committed to maintaining our margins. And so we're going to take the actions that we need to align revenue and expenses. We definitely did see some onetime benefits from some prior period accruals that were no longer needed. We had some timing, which we think will catch up in the quarter over the course of the year. We're delivering on the expenditure synergies from IRT, and we're investing for growth. So when I put all of that together, we -- by the end of the -- through 2023, we expect comp and other to essentially be flat year-over-year. We'll get some good savings, but we're also investing in for future growth as well. So hopefully, that answers the question. The only other thing I'd point out that we haven't highlighted is when we're taking these disciplined expense management, we had about $3 million of severance expense in the first quarter that we didn't call out especially. We had about 7% in the fourth quarter last year, and we had 11 for full year last year. So we're still showing good expense management despite some of those additional severance costs.
Daniel Houston: Yes, it's a great question. The one thing that's amazing is just how competitive that SMB marketplace still is in terms of attracting and retaining talent. Those things still remain strong. But Chris, you want to provide some additional detail on the strength of the matching contributions.
Daniel Houston: It's also probably worth calling out Wes is that about 25% of those PRT sales actually came from existing full-service customers. And again, that comprehensive approach to retirement solutions is what we're about. And you can see where those intersections come together and help drive results for the organization.
Daniel Houston: Appreciate that, Michael. And Pat also might be able just to maybe share a little bit with the group about the resources we have surrounding this in terms of valuations and feet on the streets to assess this asset class.
Daniel Houston: We meet once a week, Suneet, with the real estate team and assess these investment options in our investment committee. We -- these professionals are in there. They're talking about this. They have deep relationships with brokers in each one of these subcategories. And so I think there is a really honest assessment and valuation associated with how we keep these on the books. And again, it's a rigorous process that is staffed incredibly well.
Daniel Houston: Yes. I appreciate that, Christine. A couple of quick comments. The first of which we appreciate your insights and your questions. Secondly, a large portion of the management team that's here today was here during that '08, '09 period. We've been through this cycle before, and we'll find an appropriate path through this cycle. Maybe third, just recognizing that we're trying to be very proactive with investors on the disclosures, in particular, around commercial real estate and office because we think it's the right thing to do to provide that level of transparency.  Also, I think it's helpful to understand the clarity and the emergence of our free cash flow, again, reaffirming where we had set out from the beginning of the year. Again, the first quarter has had this historically. And then also to recognize the fundamentals of the markets in which we serve. And by the way, the international markets as well, which we didn't get into a lot of conversation today, has really held up well. So seeing very positive cash flows in both Asia and Latin America. So in spite of some very challenging and what I'd call volatile macroeconomic environment, the markets from which we serve have held up very well, and it's certainly our intention to deliver on the promises we made during our outlook call.  So thank you, and look forward to seeing you on the road. Have a great day.
