Dan Houston: Yeah. Thanks Alex. This is Dan. Thanks for the question. A couple of notes before I throw it over to Renee, I don't -- when I reflect on the results for 2019, they were really positive. If you look at that planned growth on a full year basis, over 250,000 new participants being added over that period of time, and frankly the sales number is really, really strong. So the fundamentals of the business remain very much intact. As you know, we've had historically very strong proprietary asset management sales in large part, because performance has been good. And again, it differs on size, whether it's small, medium or large. But we feel very good about our ability to continue to provide a comprehensive bundled solution, including administration, record-keeping and asset management. And there's a lot of collaboration that occurs between PGI and RIS to make that happen. But, I'll throw it to Renee. I know you're excited about what you've got going on, not only 2019 Renee, but 2020.
Dan Houston: Yeah. Certainly and as you know we advocated for the passage of the Secure Act. We feel good about it. Really sort of three key pieces. The first of which is the formation as you know the -- of the MEPs multiple employer plans. We've been in that business for a very long time. So we understand how to work with contracts that have adopting employers. So the fundamentals are very much in place. There will be a change. We'll end up partnering with a third party, to help us facilitate that. But there's very much a battle plan in place to help, provide small- to medium-sized employers, gain coverage and improve adequacy. The other was the in-plan income solution, which again, we've been in the annuity business for 75 years. We know how to do that. The safe harbor is going to give customers more confidence about adding that provision. And then there's a small incentive for small plan formation in the way of a tax credit. So I'd say, all in all, we look at that as being a positive. And as I said in my prepared comments, this will take time to emerge. This won't happen overnight. But just like the last major piece of pension legislation which for me was auto enrolling and auto escalate these things collectively put us in a better position to cover more American workers, so, that positive for the Secure Act.
Dan Houston: But the regs for what I'd describe in three buckets is over 800 pages long and it's still going to require the industry to digest that.
Dan Houston: Yes. So I want to make sure you get a good answer here, but I certainly don't remember providing historical pricing, because the reality is that we custom price nearly all of these plans and are they TRS are they not, what percentage of proprietary product? And there is such a wide range there. What you can sort of expect as I sort of -- even the definition of what is small, what is medium and what is large. And the reality is it kind of in our mind we break it into one-third, one-third, one-third. About one-third of that total account values are in the small, about one-third in what we describe as a medium. And then one-third which is large. And proportionally the basis points that you get on a smaller plan is going to be larger than the very largest plans that we have. But on average, the margins are very comparable in the end. So getting back to the full question around MEPs, that is a question I think that is still yet to be answered. Make no mistake there will be a lot of costs associated with the establishment and the oversight of these MEPs. I don't want anybody to get off this call thinking that it's a panacea that with the passage of a MEP there's all of a sudden going to be an incredibly low-cost option out there because it -- I just don't think that that's going to materialize. It will over time provide choice to small employers as Renee described earlier who may not or may feel that there's a different fiduciary role that's being completed or different investment options. But I suspect, we're a year away from being able to answer your question Andrew on the specificity around the competitive nature of -- in a MEP or a small plan.
Dan Houston: I can never remember a time where we didn't have heavy competition and pricing pressure in any of these businesses. But again, a lot of credit to Amy and her team for what they're putting in place their focus, their retention. But I'll let her specifically answer your question.
Dan Houston: Yes. Thank you and appreciate everyone's questions this morning. I just want to assure investors out there that, we spend a lot of time aligning our expenses with our projected revenues. That's always been a hallmark of the organization. It will continue to be a focus of this management team. Second, we made a big bet with RIT and successfully migrating that over. That does not escape us and we focus a lot of time and attention to successfully migrating that business, the support. And you're starting to see the realization of that digital portfolio as we digitize our business and become more relevant. We have enormous confidence that those investments will continue to pay off for investors. So, we're going to stay focused on these efforts and certainly appreciate your continued support. We look forward to seeing you on the road. Thank you.
Renee Schaaf: Yeah. Absolutely, so Alex, thank you for your question. And the first question that you had was around the movement that we're seeing from commission-based compensation agreements to fee-based. And the guidance that we provided last year on this was we would typically see about revenue pressures of about 1% to 2% due to this, which of course doesn't impact pretax operating earnings because it's netted out in the expense line. But we -- what we are seeing is exactly in line with that. And so when we look at fourth quarter results we see about a 1% to 1.5% movement from commission to fee-based. And that's exactly what we would anticipate. Your other question dealt with the percent of proprietary assets? And what we might anticipate seeing there. First off, we're really proud of the results, our sales results in 2019. And we introduced pricing and the way that it's packaged to encourage and to incent proprietary -- sales of proprietary assets. And so if you were to look at, the percent of proprietary assets for our small-and medium-sized plans, you would see that they run above market, above the industry. And institutional was pretty much in line with what we see in industry. Despite that, we do see downward pressure on this, as a -- as kind of a normal -- something we've been talking about now for several quarters, it's the result of more propensity for employers, particularly large employers to move towards passes and also the bifurcation of the record-keeping decision from the asset management and the investment management decision. If you look at net cash flows overall for target date funds, they've been fairly flat. But we're pleased with what we see in terms of how we perform to market. But we do anticipate that we'll continue to see pressure here, ongoing simply because of the bifurcation between, record-keeping and investment management decision.
Renee Schaaf: Yes. I agree that I think we'll see most of the planned take-up be with new plans and start-up plans. Perhaps the one reason why existing plan sponsors might be interested in an open MEP is if they can curtail their fiduciary liability. And we're still waiting on final regs to see exactly how that may play out but that could be a driver for -- to incent existing plans to adopt the open MEP structure. But I agree it's going to be predominantly driven by new plans and start-up plans.
Renee Schaaf: Absolutely. Thank you for the question Jimmy. And I think first-off to just speak a moment about the fourth quarter results for fee. We're very pleased with the results, particularly when you look at the legacy business, the growth that we're seeing there, the profitability that we're seeing there, really very good and very strong. Our sales results I think and our net cash flow results are particularly pleasing and we're excited about the impact that we see on TRS. Our new sales are really being fueled by TRS. And that goes all across the board in terms of defined benefit sales being up 33%, ESOP beat sales being up 70%, a record year for sales for nonqualified. So, a lot of strength in the organic growth machine of that legacy business. As you pointed out when we look at the IRT business, the area of pressure that we have seen is in the interest on excess reserves. And we saw an 85% decline in the basis points that would reflect for that business. And so, we are seeing pressures there. That's been accounted for in terms of our guidance for 2020, but it does pressure results for the fourth quarter.
Renee Schaaf: Yeah. So, if you were to take the 85 basis points and annualize that the impact on revenue is about a $25 million to $30 million impact annualized. But to state it differently, so we have that of course baked into our 2020 outlook.
Luis Valdés: Okay. Thank you very much. Hi Erik. A couple of things first to start with. The root cause of these social unrest in Hong Kong and Chile are first of all completely different. Also the other thing that we have to keep in mind that in both places they do have different political systems in nature, so hence the evolution pace path of the negotiations and solutions are going to be different are going to take quite amount of time and at this moment are kind of unknown. What do we have in common in these two places? First, we have had no major disruptions in our operations in both places and we have had second a minor short-term financial impact in both locations. I wanted to say something. We're reporting record AUMs for Hong Kong for 2019 and we're reporting on a trailing 12-month basis record operating earnings for Hong Kong as well. So, this is a micro scenario in the short-term going into macro perspective. And having said that and because the severity and the duration of this social unrest both markets are going into a no growth if not in a recession for the next couple of years. So, what we're doing in light of this new reality we are recalibrating our operations in Chile and in Hong Kong with two main objectives; first of all to continue servicing our clients and to protect their interest and to continue improving their customer experience and second, to keep our expenses in line with our revenues going forward. We're well prepared and we continue monitoring how the macroeconomics are going to evolve in those markets, but we're taking actions and -- actions in order to be pretty much more in line about is -- might happen in those markets.
Luis Valdés: Yes. Humphrey, let me start with China first in order to try to explain what you were asking. We have – certainly, it looks like the fourth quarter for China is kind of a low quarter. We have a delta between third quarter and fourth quarter of $2.9 million in OE pre-tax and we have a delta of $3.5 million in revenues. So let me try to explain this very, very quickly. The whole difference is about the average AUMs for the fourth quarter. When you look in the fourth quarter end-to-end comparison with three quarter it looks flat. But we have a lot of volatility. The intra-quarter, particularly we have $7 billion of negative net customer cash flows in October than we had positive net customer cash flows considering November and December. So the whole quarter we have a $3.3 billion negative net customer cash flows but the path was completely different. So the average was pretty much more lower than the – you can expect. So with that, the impact in our revenues just because of the lower average AUM it was at $2.2 million to start with then you have another small impact in terms of $0.5 million in FX. Having said that, this was totally expected for the year, the $5.5 billion negative net customer cash flows in 2019 after having $33 billion, positive billion dollars in net customer cash flows in 2018. The reason for is that there is a profound movement from money market funds in which we're heavily weighted in the Chinese market into equity markets during 2019. We were pretty flat when the average industry had a negative 6% down from money market funds. So we are doing I would say well end-to-end. But the explanation for China is average AUM for the fourth quarter. Going into Chile, certainly we should have a $26.1 million to explain in OE. Let me go very quickly with that. Easier to explain the delta is at $15 million in cash here, $13 million positive in third quarter, minus $3 million negative in the fourth quarter. So you have a net of $15 million there. Elevated prepayment fees in the third quarter by $4 million. And then the FX impact in term of revenues was another $6 million just within the third quarter and the fourth quarter. So with those numbers you can make the math for Chile. So in a constant basis and adjusted basis, Chile, third quarter and fourth quarter was a flat, I would say a flat growth for Chile. That is essentially the explanation for both countries.
Luis Valdés: Yes. Let me try to put this in perspective because, we have had this discussion. And particularly when you're looking, what we have reported in Q3 first, so it looks like we're -- we have a comparison with that. It's $92 million versus $80 million. It's important to put this in precise very easy to explain the difference. First of all, $4 million headwind in FX. The same $4 million that we have an additional and an elevated prepaid -- prepayment fees and $3 million more about elevated expenses that are related with the recalibration of our business in Hong Kong and Chile. So, if you're taking that in consideration, you -- immediately you're going to make the math between $92 million and $80 million. I really believe that, as we said and Deanna said, the $80 million, $81 million that we're proposing is a good representation of our run rate into 2020 and it's pretty much more in line with our guidance that we put together in the month of December for PI.
