Deanna Strable: Yes, I'll take a first shot and then ask Pat if he has anything to add. Obviously, a lot of volatility has happened in variable investment income and we've benefited from that over the last couple of years but did see a little bit of a pressure in the third quarter. As we sit here today and look into the fourth quarter we do expect to see similar to slightly more pressured results in fourth quarter than what we saw this quarter. I still think we will have a positive overall return but the all portion of that could turn to be slightly negative in the fourth quarter. 
Deanna Strable: Okay. So I think as you all are aware, but I'll just reiterate it. But our outlook ranges were based on markets as of 12/31 of last year, which obviously is much different than what we have experienced thus far this year. And I would say those ranges given really didn't contemplate the amount of macro pressure that we have seen. Our focus is really on the total return to shareholder range as in periods of extreme volatility. I'd say the split between dividends and buybacks can be different than what was originally contemplated. And so I feel better about the $2.5 billion to $3 billion than I do about the $2 billion to $2.3 billion of share buybacks, given where we sit today. I actually feel being at the bottom end of that range given that amount of volatility that we've seen is a very strong result. And I'm also confident in that 75% to 85% of free cash flow that we have targeted and are continuing to see as we look at results sitting here today. So obviously, there's a lot of moving parts in that. Macro uncertainty does play into that. And as Dan mentioned, we'll continue to be prudent and disciplined relative to our capital levels and capital return.
Deanna Strable: Yes. Just a couple of questions. Obviously, as we sit here today, we have kind of three levels of activities around thinking about our expense levels. One, we have Chris and his team very focused on making sure that we deliver on the synergies from our IRT integration. We also have stranded costs from our transactions around retail fixed annuities and ULSG. I'd say on both of those, we're actually running slightly ahead of where we thought we would be relative to those. And then add on that kind of the third one, which we, obviously, don't ignore, which is the pressures that the current macro environment has had on our revenues and how we ultimately need to get our margins back in line. That takes some time. There's some lag in when you pull levers and when that actually shows up, but I'd say, the team is collectively focused on that. While still making sure that we don't sacrifice any investments, it's going to ultimately drive long-term shareholder growth. I talked about in the prepared remarks, if you look -- whether you look at third quarter or trailing 12 months, I think our expenses are looking really good. And if I actually go to kind of the full year look, sitting here today, we actually expect our expenses to be down in 2022 relative to 2021 and feel good about continuing to address that as we move into 2023.
Deanna Strable: I think it will probably be in that range. I'd say the wild -- there's two wildcards there right? So one wild card would be where does macro kind of end up and how that relates to fee levels and ultimately earnings for the quarter. And then again thinking through kind of the recession outlook and whether you decided to go all the way down to your targeted levels or if you kept a little bit of dry powder as you go into '23 and then deploy as you kind of get more clarity on the recession. I think we'd be in that ballpark on having the ability to deploy but we'll take that second to obviously be very prudent and disciplined and ultimately making sure we have more clarity on the economic outlook into '23. 
Deanna Strable: Yes, Tracy. Thanks for the question. Obviously, we don't officially transition into LDTI until early 2023, but we've been on a journey for a couple of years now getting prepared for that. And part of that is obviously to be compliant, but it also afforded us the opportunity to go back and kind of modernize our systems and our processes. We converted a lot of our actuarial balances to a new system. And a lot of that was completed not intentionally, but around the same time as when we did the actuarial review. And so we felt like it was prudent to actually incorporate what we were seeing and changes in those reserve values into this review. So what you saw there -- again about 80% of the impact of the AAR was in model refinement. That is a number that's more sizable than what you might expect. But actually it was right around about 0.3% reduction in the reserve balances, especially on the PRT business. So, very slight reduction in that, but because we had just completed it we felt it made sense to actually reflect it in our results. 
Deanna Strable: Yes, Josh. The only thing I would note there and I know you're probably aware of that, but the regulatory change actually front-loaded the reduction in the fee prior to actually increasing the deferral percentages. And so we will see some incremental benefit from over the next few years as that fee -- the deferral rate goes up I think it's 1% a year. And so that will start in 2023 and flow through our results.
Pat Halter: John just to add prepayment income is going to be down as it has been in the third -- in the second quarter -- in the third quarter. Real estate sales again will be down like it was in the third quarter. So, we continue to see that being persistent as we go into the fourth quarter, John. 
Pat Halter: Yes Tom. The transactional revenue would be predominantly whether we have more performance fees, whether we have more of those fees coming off by origination operation within the private asset classes. And I would say on the -- first the performance fees, I guess we'll see some muted performance fees for next couple of quarters ahead. I think the market conditions don't really allow for us to take advantage as much as we want to in terms of harvesting some of the gains, we have in our real estate portfolio. We think there's probably a better entry point when transaction volume starts to increase in the marketplace. So those will probably be muted for the next couple of quarters. On transaction fees relative to our mortgage origination and other sort of debt origination activities I guess those will continue to be pretty consistent as we go into the next quarter or two, Tom. 
Pat Halter: Yes. Suneet, maybe just a couple of things to add. Obviously, we're very respectful of the environment we're in, but we actually have a great deal of confidence in the portfolio. It's well positioned. I would say, we've technically had positioned and bias the portfolio to be a little higher quality in assets, given the sort of market conditions right now and our new money investing is more defensive. If you kind of look at our portfolio our high-yield portfolio is very defensive. It's skewed towards BB investments or more defensive there. I think our structured securities portfolio, 95% is in the single A or higher. I think we have a very strong track record in performance in real estate. So we've done a very deep dive in commercial mortgages on real estate holdings and that seems to hold up very well. Our overall portfolio and the mortgage portfolio is a 45% loan to value and 2.5% debt service coverage. So, as we continue to examine and to continue to have a very discipline intensive approach on our portfolio, I think it's well structured, well positioned for a recessionary environment.
Pat Halter: Yes. So, in terms of the real estate markets where we've had most of our performance fees generated Tracy, we are starting to see clearly some valuation reductions in the private equity space. And I think, that would be sort of no surprise, given the macro environment and the continued I think slowdown in the demand curve, relative to the aggressive Central Bank monetary policy. So, there is I think a pause going on relative to valuation increases and we'll probably see some diminution in values over the next two, three quarters to reflect the demand function that [Technical Difficulty]
Dan Houston: Erik, we got an awful lot of static on the line. So Deanna, will take a shot at and make sure we're answering the question appropriately.
Dan Houston: Ryan, one thing and I covered it in my prepared comments and Chris hit on it as well. If you look at those underlying fundamentals of growing the number of participants the deferrals the reoccurring deposits the matching contributions, the most recently passed for 2023 higher limits for deferrals and the potential retire secure 2.0 there's just a lot of support for the workplace for people to save for retirement. So again, I think most of the diminution in the economics there was attributable to the macro as opposed to the underlying fundamentals of the business. Thanks for the question. 
Dan Houston: Thank you, Operator. And maybe just piling on Suneet's observation about the market is telegraphing a recession. We don't know if it is or it isn't. We do anticipate volatility, as we have in these last 143 years. I've been here for the 38 of those. And about every seven to 10 years you do see market dislocations and disruption. And we've got a track record of managing expenses, growing revenues, seeking or serving the needs of our small to medium-sized business and institutional customers, aligning expenses with our revenues and making sure that capital deployment is very responsible. So, again we -- this management team has been through this cycle before and whatever it deals us we'll manage it accordingly. We look forward to being on the road with you in the next few months before the next earnings call updating you on some of these factors. So with that, have a great weekend. Thank you.
Chris Littlefield: Yes. Thanks, Alex. Thanks for the question. So I mean I think as a reminder and I think as Dan pointed out in his remarks, the underlying fundamentals of the RIS-Fee business are really, really strong with strong recurring deposits, strong client retention year-to-date, strong deferrals and matching performance. So, we're seeing really strong underlying drivers. All that being said, we certainly are seeing an uptick in participant withdrawal activity, and some contract lapses, and so we generally do see seasonality in the fourth quarter, as Deanna pointed out, whereas investment lineup changes are made and as plans changed for the January one year. So we would expect to see some of that. We do expect that there maybe some pent-up demand in that as well, but we are expecting the full year to be a positive from an AV net cash flow basis. And we're sitting at about $5.4 billion positive year-to-date. So I mean we feel like we're in a good position with a strong underlying performance, but we do expect to see some higher outflows in the fourth quarter.
Chris Littlefield: Yes. So I'll take the first one -- the last one first. So on IRT, yes, certainly on the large end of the market and some of those customers are more tied to participant fee rates than on asset values. So that is -- that certainly is the case. With respect to the fee rate, we certainly are seeing some benefits in our Principal branded character [ph] and as well as a shift in the GA and guaranteed products, which are providing a bit of a revenue lift. Obviously, in a risk-off environment, the guaranteed products attract more flows and those generate a bit more revenue for us. So that's where you're seeing a little bit of that lift. Obviously, that can change, depending on what happens with markets, but we are definitely seeing some of that benefit coming through.
Chris Littlefield: No. I think that's right. I mean, I think certainly there's been this competition for talent and it continues to benefit our businesses and they aren't really going to pulling the lever on people first.
Chris Littlefield: Yeah. So let me make sure I add back up on the fee rate here because it's not related to VA. It's really about the benefit that we're seeing from certainly the higher investment yields that we're getting from GA flows, so guaranteed product flows right? So again, as you see market volatility you do see people taking on higher allocations of guaranteed products which generally drive better revenue for us. We also for clarity see some benefits from PDSP which we've talked about in the past. So those increases in interest rates also flow through our PDSP and we get uplift on that in the revenue rate as well. So it's unrelated to VA.
Amy Friedrich: Yes. Sure. Thanks again. So, I don't see it concentrated primarily in large claims. So, just to clear a couple of questions on that not COVID-related. I don't really see it as a couple of large claims. I look at it more as when I look at severity, when you take apart the pieces, it was more elevated severity on the new claims that came in this quarter, and then the claims that recovered or terminated had a little bit lower severity. So, just a combination of those two factors sort of move that results around. I do want to note, trailing 12 months is a much better metric to look, to look at trends. So when you're looking at this year's trailing 12 months versus last year's trailing 12 months they're virtually identical. So we're not really seeing a trend there. And it's also probably worth noting that, in fourth quarter 2021, we saw a very similar kind of variance to the loss ratio, but on the positive direction. So the full year results are really more helpful to look at across the block. So, no concerns from my perspective. The additional color I would have is this is normal noise that comes in on a quarterly basis. I love the role that income protection plays in our product portfolio and I'm very comfortable that we're managing it.
Amy Friedrich: Yes. No, you've got it right, Dan. When I look at the outlook, what I see is, they're probably was from last year or the year before, a little bit of pent-up demand on the nonqualified side. So there might be a little bunchiness in terms of what we're seeing on non-qualified this year that doesn't continue exactly in pattern next year. But what I'm also seeing is the pickup on our business owner and executive solution story has been really strong. So I would look ahead for strong growth and strong sales patterns within that business owner marketplace, as well as that non-qualified and COLI marketplace.
Amy Friedrich: Yes. Suneet you're -- I mean they understand and they do believe that there is a recession that could happen. So, I don't get the sense from talking directly with business owners and then relying on some of the primary research that we do with things like the well-being index. It's not that they don't understand that there's recessionary risk out there. It's more that they've had to fight so hard for getting the right talent, finding them and placing them, getting them in the right sort of tranche of the wages that's seen as competitive that they're saying in the list of activities, I would take against recessionary pressures. This isn't the top of my list. So, I think the good news is, if you're in the retirement business, if you're in the benefits business, they're saying, that's not where I'm going to go first to take actions, to try to manage through recessionary pressures. So one of the reasons you're hearing, I think is much positive sentiment from us is, because we're seeing through our conversations and through our primary research that they're simply not going to go there first.
Amy Friedrich: No, it's not keeping me up at night. We've looked at industry, we've looked at diagnosis, we've looked at region. I'm very comfortable that there's nothing that's emerging as a trend. If there is, we'll be transparent about that. We'll let you know, if we're worried about it. Again, I'd go back to in fourth quarter of 2021, we saw an almost equally sized positive variance in the same block. And so again, better to look for trends in the trailing 12 months. And we're not seeing anything there.
