Daniel Houston: Yes. Ryan. Thanks for joining the call. And Kamal  Bhatia is here with us to replace Pat Halter. He's certainly getting well-grounded after having been with us now for 4 years and an industry vet. So with that, I'll ask Kamal to respond directly to you. 
Daniel Houston: I was going to first just make any comments with regards to the higher fees rate environment and how we might see that play its way through in terms of that capture perhaps benefiting that. 
Daniel Houston: Correct me, onetime we used to share that number years ago and a benefit event, there's job changers, the retirees. It's really trying to identify the best prospects for Principal and whether that's retained through partnering with our brokers that brought the business to us or it is on a direct basis, but it's -- again, it is a significant part of our value creation for our participants to be able to give them that choice of benefit event for either purchasing a Principal product or, in many cases, leaving the money in the plan, and that's another area that's sort of hard to measure because we don't know how long that money will stay within the plan. But anyway, it's -- there's a real mix of measurements out there in the industry. Hopefully, that helps. 
Daniel Houston: Wes, congratulations on joining Autonomous. I appreciate you being on the call. One other thing I'm just going to add before Chris jumps into the specifics. We just -- actually, we're on the West Coast together, Chris and I and his team with our institutional client counsel and our institution client advisory group and the feedback was really positive. We really are seeing a strong momentum with our customers in terms of them embracing, helping their participants be better educated, very open to providing additional services to those plan sponsors. And frankly, the IRT integration is well behind us at this point in time. And the sentiment was quite positive. Chris, do you want to go ahead and respond directly to the question. 
Daniel Houston: Yes. My guess is that's going to be sorted out over the next 6 to 12 months as we continue to digest this most recent decision on the Department of Labor. It's something I've been involved with all the way back to 2010. One of the pieces of good news that came out of that is the regulation that provides a bit more clarity on guidance and advice in education at the work site, which we find very positive. But I don't think we've got this all sort of out, except to say that it will require more licensing on the part of some of our internal personnel. There's training that will need to take place. And of course, just the appropriate oversight and overseeing these registered reps and staying in compliance and working on matters related to transparency and disclosure. So we'll sort it out over the course of the next 6 to 12 months to keep you apprised of how that's impacting our business. Bottom line is it's something we view as manageable and quantifying the cost is not something we've put a figure on yet. 
Daniel Houston: Yes. Great question. And frankly, we don't use a lot of employment agreements here at Principal. I'd like to think the culture that we've built allows us to attract and retain talent for the organization. Within asset management, we're paying competitive fees. We have a lot of flexibility, and we've had frankly not a lot of turnover. So in the grand scheme of things, I don't really anticipate that, that's going to alter Principal's ability to attract or retain talent. As it relates to our clients, in terms of opportunity, we know from the studies that go out there, the employee benefits matter, strong retirement plans, health care, specialty benefits. So we actually think it plays with the strength of making sure that the employment environment is healthy and people want to be part of that. The other thing, as you very well know, is we're a big player in the nonqualified deferred compensation space, which is another one of those areas where you think about locking in talent and having the proper plan designs. We do a lot of work with employers and designing ways to retain talent. Having said all of that, I'll see if Kamal has anything as it relates to anything within asset management. 
Daniel Houston: Yes, Jimmy, I appreciate the question. So you're exactly right. One of our primary concerns was our ability to, in the normal course of working with plan participants, providing them with education and guidance and then it wouldn't fall underneath the definition of the fiduciary rule. Because if you think about it, so many of those plan participants, in particular, the lower income, smaller account balances, they don't have the financial adviser. They are looking for us to help them and guide them in the right direction. And a lot of these products that are available were chosen from the employer -- and so defaulting to a target date option effectively can really help out a great deal. Before we were even having some limitations on being able to provide guidance on whether or not to take out or providing insights on loans and hardship withdrawal. So without question, the ability for us to continue in the normal course of business of providing that participant insights is now affirmed it seems from the initial read on the reg. Likewise, for those individuals who are asking for advice, Principal has had a 25-year history of having that capability inside Principal to help provide the guidance and the advice necessary to have the right products to do so. And as I said earlier on that call, there are instances where we're handing that call back off to the original plan -- the adviser who sold the plan originally. End of the day, this is going to be around making sure that we have all the proper rules in place, all of the scripts were necessary and then, of course, maintaining compliance. So I think the bottom line is we'll manage our way through this as we have all the other times that we've had these sort of regulatory opportunities and manage it accordingly. Hopefully, that helps. 
Daniel Houston: I'm glad you asked the question because you're on the verge of breaking a record of never having a question for the CFO. So I think Deanna is very enthusiastic about this response. 
Daniel Houston: Well, we feel good about the start of the year, and we remain laser like focus on delivering our 2024 outlook, including profitable growth, leveraging technology and innovating products. We want to make sure that we are maintaining our disciplined approach to capital deployment, which I discussed earlier. And of course, we always want to be mindful of aligning our expenses with revenues. And so with that, I look forward to visiting any follow-up, and I appreciate the support of the company. Have a good day. 
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Thanks for the question, Suneet. Yes, on a participant basis, we are seeing a little bit of an uptick in the participant retirement withdrawals. So again, that's going to really be impacted both by the strong equity markets, which actually increases account values and then when they take the withdrawals that has of an impact. So we are seeing some elevated activity in participant withdrawals in the first quarter, and we'll be monitoring those elevated withdrawals through the balance of the year. 
Christopher Littlefield: Well, we definitely are seeing the benefit from higher interest rates in RIS. And certainly, we're getting some benefit as we capture participant accounts on rollover to the extent that we capture those accounts, either an IRA rollover or SAFO, we definitely are seeing some benefit in bank in terms of those higher interest rates as well. So we do see retirement withdrawals. We capture some of those withdrawals on rollover and to the extent they end up within our bank product, we do see some benefit from that as well. Sorry to interrupt, you can go ahead. 
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Suneet, on that one, I think competitors generally don't disclose that. And so we don't disclose that at this point. 
Christopher Littlefield: Sure. Yes. I think was your question was about PRT and the momentum in PRT and what we expect for the year? I mean, we certainly had a strong start to the year in the first quarter with PRT sales at close to $800 million. We certainly saw that carryover benefit from the fourth quarter. We saw a good fourth quarter momentum, and that carried into the first quarter. And so we continue to take advantage of that and most importantly, we did that above our targeted returns. As we've talked about in the past, we really tried to get the right balance between gross and net bill, growth in our PRT business and overall returns. As we look toward the balance of the year, the industry is expecting another strong year in PRT at about $30 billion to $40 billion in total industry sales. We are targeting and we said on the first quarter -- the end of the year call, we're targeting somewhere in the neighborhood of $2.5 billion to $3 billion in PRT sales for the full year, and we expect most of that to come a little bit now later in the year as people close out their defined benefit pension liabilities and look at that as they head into '25. So we do generally see a ramp-up in PRT activity in the late third and fourth quarters, and we expect that sort of seasonality of the sales to continue. 
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Thanks for the question. Yes. So we certainly, over the last couple of years, have seen a lot of new entrants into the PRT market. I think what distinguishes us and gives us competitive advantage is the fact that we know the defined benefit business extremely well. We've been involved in it. We know that we provide consulting services on it. And as a result, when our customers look for solutions to defease that liability, they talk to us and we're able to provide them a solution that allows them to secure a good outcome for them. So if we think about our overall business and the type of business we get, we get about 20% in the first quarter, about 20% of the business came from existing customers, existing customers of Principal. And so we just play in a different part of the market. We also, as we talked about in the fourth quarter, have very strong onboarding capabilities that lets us take advantage of times when the PRT market is very favorable because onboarding tends to be a little bit of the pipeline thing that can close the pipeline for others. So we're used to doing lots of different contracts, which also gives us a diversity of the risk and then able to source a lot of them from existing customers of Principal, which, again, really believe gives us a competitive advantage in the PRT space. 
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Tom, I would say that has stayed relatively stable in that, call it, anywhere between 17% to 20%. So we're not seeing a big increase. The big increase happened when we integrated the IRT block, which tended to be a larger customer. But we're a little bit more steady state now that we're 5 years beyond that acquisition. So I would say it's staying relatively constant. 
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Wes, thanks for that. We continue to participate in the variable annuity market. And the only other thing I'd point out is in midyear last year, we did launch a registered index-linked annuity product which shows up a little bit more as in our spread based. That is a business that is nicely since its launch, and we've seen nice momentum in that RILA business. If you've been following the annuity trends, you know that the RILA space is the largest growing portion of the RILA market. So we do like that product. We think it's a nice product, provides a nice risk profile but that's probably the extent of it. We are not looking to launch new retail fixed annuities. We're focused on the variable annuity and the RILA offerings at this point. 
Amy Friedrich: Yes. Yes. I talk about that. One of the things that we always keep track of because we want to make sure that what's happened with our growth. And again, we're really pleased with the growth we're seeing. We like the growth rates we're seeing across our specialty benefits line. But one of the things we look at consistently is what's coming from what we would consider net new business versus what's coming from that employment or wage growth and then what's coming from rate actions. When we divide that up in this quarter, we're getting about 55% of our premium growth that net new business. So by far, the biggest number in there is that net new business. So that's going to be new business we brought on, minus any of the lapses that happened. 40% is going to be from a combination of employment growth and wage growth. The bigger driver there is still employment growth and then 15% is going to be from rate action. Within that employment growth picture, we are still seeing the smaller market be the driver of that employment growth. Under -- if you're an employer that has under 200 folks, that's been the strongest employment growth that's still happening. That -- what we would consider mid-market, 200 to 500 have seen good growth as well. Our block over 500 lives is the place where that growth in terms of employment growth is really moderating. 
Amy Friedrich: Yes. So it is looking favorable. What I would say is we continue to reiterate that, that long-term range that we have is -- we're going to be probably towards the lower end of that range. We have definitely seen the market as well as our portfolio do a little bit of repricing. What I would say is, though, that's not been in one consistent direction. So some of the things we've had to do with our pricing to realign the experience we are seeing emerging in dental means we did a little bit of that rate increase action, some of the things we were seeing in some of our disability block has meant that we've taken that down. So in sum total, what we see is that we think the rate actions that we're taking, the rate environment, the competitive environment that we're seeing is going to mean we're still going to sit towards that lower end of the range. 
Amy Friedrich: Yes. So I'll give you my perspective on that. Keep in mind that our portfolio is going to be squarely in that small to mid-sized marketplace. So when we work with smaller or midsized employers, the things that we typically have to do in terms of the maximums we put in, the types of coverage they want maybe on some of their executive populations, the types of standards and what we will do in terms of what is underwritten as a group. We tend to stay closer to sort of a fundamental smaller box. So we tend to have amounts that are more standard, the coverages that are a bit more standard, and we don't have to do any -- as many things as we look at getting coverage out there for either some of those kind of executive-type populations. And so what I would say is, yes, I understand the comment in terms of the competitiveness, but in Principal, nearly sole focus in the small to midsize marketplace, we don't have to compete on that. We don't have to offer 3- and 4- and 5-year rate guarantees. We offer single, sometimes 2-year rate guarantees. We don't tend to have to compete on some of the maximum, and we don't have to tend to extend beyond our underwriting parameters consistently. So I feel really good about the marketplace we're in. We are seeing rational competition for group life in the marketplace we're in. We rarely write group life alone. We tend to write it with a bundle, meeting the needs of the full employer. So we don't have to get into that competition just based on a single product. It's a bundle, we're in the small market and it's pretty rational in that space. 
Amy Friedrich: Yes, happy to answer that. I see it more as a one-off, more as an aberration as you're saying, than indicative. We continue to see some seasonality with the business. We build a bit of that seasonality expectation in, especially for kind of that first quarter claims. What I would say is we do expect 2024 earnings to be higher than 2023. And we think the margin results, as we communicated in outlook expectations are going to be just below that lower end of that long-term guidance range. So we're seeing more of an adjusted margin expectation to be in that 13% to 15% range for the bulk of the year for Life. 
