Dan Houston: Yes. Good morning, Humphrey. And appreciate your question. I think the best way to look at it is we went through a very rigorous process with the Finance Committee of the Board of Directors when we were leading up to the strategic review. And what you see today is this $3 billion of targeted capital deployment through dividend and share buyback. We also want to be mindful of potential ways to grow the business organically as well through acquisition, which is why you see that debt equity ratio where it’s at today. But the bottom-line is we have a lot of financial flexibility as we move and push our way through 2022 and into 2023. And my guess is here when we’re updating you in January on our outlook for next year, we’ll be refreshing that. But with that, let me throw it to Deanna if she wants to add additional comments.
Dan Houston: Yes. So it’s a great question. And if you’ll allow me, I’m going to probably be a little elongated in terms of trying to provide a comprehensive response, because I think it’s a really important question. It’s one that we’ve touched on here before. Just as a reminder in Chile, this is a 40-year-old pension scheme that has actually worked quite well. There – it’s a compulsory model. The Chileans led the world around building this out after the PAYGO system was shut down. Its biggest gap was not recognizing and having too low of a cap on wages. The actual percentage of payroll in the compulsory plan was working well up to roughly $40,000 or so in annual income. So the AFP model, which was a public private sector scheme it works. It has potential – it was complemented with a voluntary scheme that was added in addition to that to help people achieve that goal. As I said, it was voluntary, not compulsory. And so there’s relatively low participation. Well, then comes along a pandemic and the government in addition to other ways of trying to provide solutions for COVID relief allow for AFP withdrawals abruptly 10%. And as you know, those were treated on a very favorable tax basis. There have been now three approved AFP withdrawals, and one annuity withdrawal, and they’re now contemplating a fourth AFP withdrawal and a second annuity withdrawal. It’s although it’s being heavily debated, literally as we speak they’re contemplating alternatives to these two structures and we don’t know what the outcome is going to be. But we also know that we’re looking down the road here in a presidential election, which will certainly have some impact on the timing and the magnitude of this change. So now the question might be directly Humphrey to your question. The answer is we have been working extremely collaboratively with the government officials to try to educate key decision makers on ways to improve and stabilize the existing AFP model. You did or you may have read that Principal did invoke our rights as an investor requesting consultation with the Chilean government. And again, we look forward to those continued conversations. We have a good working relationship. We obviously, along with the rest of the industry, want an amicable solution in protecting the retirement interest though of all the Chileans that is a huge priority for us. There is a proposed pension modification that would enhance the basic pension or the solidarity model. We support that. We’re squarely behind it. If you think about pairing that along with an enhanced employer based system and removing that cap, you can see how that could be quite additive to financial security. And then lastly, there is a working session with the congressional folks that’ll be occurring in the first quarter of 2022 and will be working hard to try to promote the idea of a sustainable multi-pillar retirement system. So Chile by very definition is an emerging market. They’ve had a good track record of good pension policy. Principal has a good working relationship with the key decision makers. Roberto Walker and his team have just done a magnificent job down there. So we remain quite hopeful that there is a solution that allows us to still benefit from being a market participant. We have not tried to quantify at this point in time what the financial ramifications are. To-date, you’ll notice they have not been necessarily significant. And that has a large part with the way in which fees are collected. So probably more than you wanted to know, but I know that this has been top of mind for a lot of our institutional investors as we've been visiting with them. So hopefully that helps Humphrey.
Dan Houston: Absolutely. There's two things in addition to the inflation that have been helpful here, and that is in the current quarter, they stayed on top of one another. We didn't see divergent, which was quite helpful. The other thing that occurred is we actually saw the interest rates move up roughly 2% from the year ago quarters from roughly four and a quarter to six and a quarter. So these are modest improvements going back to a higher interest rates and of course, inflation coming in line without that separation. Deanna, any additional detail on the two indices for inflation.
Dan Houston: Well, yes. I mean, there's a lot of speculation in there. I think the earnings are approximately 4% – 6% in that range and we'll get back to you on the capital that's currently deployed and sorted out the difference between Cuprum and the balance of that business. As you know, we also have an annuity business there in Chile, but that's a good item for follow up Andrew.
Dan Houston: Yes. And that's certainly the Delta variance, given us all something to think about as we look at our modeling and our original projection, Deanna, further thoughts.
Dan Houston: It still requires congressional approval. So there isn't, I don't believe, and I – maybe the nomenclature is wrong here, an executive order that would give them the power to just simply modify it. So it does require, it goes through the Senate and the House for the approval process. So I think there's a lot of debate now, all of in every country, people have their proclivities with regards to how things like this are vocalized by a President in terms of their advocacy. But I think there is a realization at least that's what we're hearing locally, that this system isn't completely broken and that it's been undermined by these withdrawals. And that at this point in time, they need to be mindful of what steps can be taken to reinforce and enhance and improve on the existing AFP system. And I think that the voters out there are realizing that as well. So hopefully that helps. One additional comment, Erik to your, the back and forth with Renee that I wanted to weigh in on. So the – so what on that to me would be, it's why we have increased scale to drive down our cost per participant, which we've done that. We're leveraging our technology. We're pulling all those other levers around asset retention and proprietary asset management and those roll ins and rollovers. And as you very well know, a lot of those economics are not necessarily captured within that RIS Fee line they're captured within PGI and other parts of RIS. So just, again, and we probably need to continue to work on refining how we demonstrate the value of that platform., But there's no question in my mind, the long-term value creation of the RIS Fee platform is really significant. Hopefully those answers help.
Dan Houston: What we've said and what we've – what is currently out there being contemplated by potential buyers is our retail fixed annuity and our ULSG block. Again, the balance of the light business, as we think about its importance strategically to the company, still very much remains intact, which is something we talked about at the strategic review. There's other potential things we could do within the closed block of the life insurance business, which would be separate apart from the current transactions in which we're obtaining bids on for today. As it relates to structure, we said our ideal outcome would be if they were combined. However, having said that, we know that the second round bidders there are combinations of standalone and combined. And again, the objective here is to maximize shareholder value for obviously our investors. But let me throw it over to Deanna and see if she wants to add to that.
Dan Houston: Yes. The first thing I just say, as we talked about some of these challenges, the demand for the products and services we have remaining high demand, both in the U.S. as well as Asia and Latin American. As I said earlier, those emerging markets can be challenging. We know that, we're going to continue to be disciplined on our capital deployment. And we're going to continue to emphasize and grow these capital like businesses. That's a priority for the organization. When we can deploy capital more capital intensive in some of these more capital intensive businesses, we want to make sure we're getting adequately paid and compensated for that. So we certainly appreciate your continued support. Look forward to visiting with many of you on the [indiscernible] So with that, have a great day. Thank you.
Deanna Strable: Yes. A couple things there. I think you got to the right bottom-line is that we have a lot of flexibility. In addition to buybacks, we remain committed to a 40% payout on our dividend ratio and has continued to prioritize that as we think about capital deployment. And we have announced that we will use $300 million of that excess capital to pay down our debt that matures in third quarter of 2022. And so again, as we move through the next few quarters and into outlook, we’ll continue to refine those numbers. But again, we are very much committed and on the path of getting down to our targeted levels of capital at both the Lifeco and the Holdco [ph] by the end of 2022.
Deanna Strable: Yes, a couple of comments here. I don't have the exact answer. We can get back to you, Ryan. But if you look on Page 20 of the supplement, you'll see that our total AUM in Chile is around $41 billion, and the Chile Cuprum AFP fund balance is at $34 billion. The remainder of that would be our voluntary mutual fund as well as our annuity. So it would be – some portion of that difference there. The other thing to expand upon Dan's comments on the fact that our customer base has been less impacted, obviously having the Chilean people have money in their AFP is critical for the long-term viability of a strong pension system. Our customer base has been less impacted partially due to the composition and partially due to some of the digital outreach that we've done for our customers. So just to put that into perspective, as of the end of second quarter, industry wide 20% of AFP participants had a zero balance in their fund and for Cuprum it was only 4% and the next closest competitor was at 13%. And so again, we are focused on obviously the long-term financial security of the customer, and I think that's a testament and a proofpoint relative to that.
Deanna Strable: Yes. I'll just make a few comments and if we need to go offline after the call, we can go further Josh. But yes, in the fourth – in the third quarter, as we had anticipated, they did converge and come back on top of each other. So again, much more of what we had seen kind of pre the current cycle when we did see some those two indices separate. So our outlook would continue to expect that convergence, but you could have some periods where there is a little bit of a difference. But we do expect that to be more modest than what we've experienced over the last 12 months. So again, we can follow up in more detail, but that would tell you what we saw here in the third quarter and what we anticipate going forward.
Deanna Strable: Yes. I mean, obviously, we can only go by what other governments and other agencies are forecasting. And so we would be pretty close to what you see there. Our current forecast would have 90,000 in the fourth quarter and around 150,000 in 2022. But obviously that's going to be very impacted by the different variances as well as vaccination rates. And so I think, I wouldn't lock those in and we'll continue to update those as we go into outlook. We did see a heightened number of deaths in the third quarter in our block, more heavily weighted toward the younger ages. We still think our rule of thumb is appropriate. But we could skew a little bit higher over the next few quarters if it continues to be more heavily dominated in the younger ages, just because of our composition of business. But since the start of the pandemic, our rule of thumb is right on. There's volatility by quarter. We'll still continue to see that. But that outlines what our current thought process is on fourth quarter and 2022.
Deanna Strable: But we did not adjust the significant variances for that. So the x significant variance earnings would be pressured by that $3.5 million.
Deanna Strable: Yes, just a clarification. We're marketing them together. The actual structure that we transact will depend on what we think is the best for our customers and our shareholders. And so we're entertaining different combinations of those. But we're marketing them at the same time, because we do know that some of these interested parties may think of them differently if they contemplate them together versus separately. So we're laser focused on executing on those blocks that we have told you about. But obviously we'll consequently evaluate if there's other options that would make us provide shareholder value and positively impact our capital and returns.
Renee Schaaf: Okay. Ryan, thank you for that question. We are on track to achieve the $90 million net expense synergies by the end of 2023. And so far we have recognized about 25% of that. But you have to understand that is on an annual run rate basis. So in any one quarter, you'll see about we've achieved about $5 million of the savings so far. In terms of the pattern for how we think this might emerge. Certainly once the trust in custody business has been fully integrated, it is on board. That'll allow us to begin to sunset the duplicate record keeping system on the Wells Fargo side. It allows us to reduce some of the duplicate headcount. But then longer term, the synergy gains will continue to emerge as we automate processes, and we continue to streamline the customer experience. So you can expect to see that the expense synergies will emerge relatively smoothly from now to the end of 2023.
Renee Schaaf: Yes. Thank you for that question, Erik. And you're absolutely right. The – when you look at third quarter 2021 earnings compared to one quarter year ago, the earnings were flat. And let me walk through the components of that and then share some additional insight with you about how to view this business going forward. First off, as you noted, we did see nice tailwinds from the equity markets over the past year. But those tailwinds were offset first by and notably by the IRT shock lapse, which was right in line with where we had expected. So shock lapses on a revenue basis came in right where we had anticipated with our acquisition model. We also saw very normal fee compression during the same time period. And as Deanna noted in her comments, we did see increase in comp and other expenses as we returned to a more normal work environment. The other comment that I'll make is that we did have a one time revenue true up in third quarter 2021. And so when you compare revenues from second quarter 2021 to third quarter 2021, there it created about a $7 million reduction. And again, this is a one time revenue adjustment. So now let me turn my comments towards how we think about the fee business. So one of the comments that Deanna made was that if you look at our revenue as a basis point applied against account values, you see about a 25 basis point drop one year from – a quarter one year ago. So in third quarter 2020, if you look at that fee expressed as account values, it was about 63 basis points. Third quarter of this year that fell to about 38 basis points to 39 basis points. The primary driver behind that decrease is that we are combining an IRT block of business that is characterized by large plan sizes with our legacy block of business that is more characterized in that small to medium size. And so large plans typically have a lower price point when you look at it on a basis point method. So logically when you blend those two together, the fee rate declines, and this was completely in line with our expectations when we acquired the business. And as we see the business began to unfold. We also saw normal fee compression in that time period again in line with our expectations. So moving forward, we think that that 38 basis point, 39 basis point revenue, the revenue run rate is a good place to start with your modeling. Then as Deanna also noted, we would expect to see about a two to three basis point headwind applied against that for normal fee compression. So if that's how the – to think about the revenue, let's turn our attention to the margin. So as noted, we are deferring the trust in custody integration, and we're doing that in keeping with our core value of keeping the customer at the center of everything that we do. And by deferring the integrations, we're able to provide a much more smooth experience for our customers is they migrate onto our platform. So what this means then is that the TSA and the integration expenses will continue through first quarter 2022. When we look at full year 2020 margins, we do believe that we will be in that 23% to 27% range that we communicated to you at the 2021 guidance, but at the low end of the range for the entire year. I think in closing the thing that it's so important to see, I think from our perspective is that the IRT acquisition did exactly what we wanted it to do. It increased our scale, it increased our capabilities particularly in the large plan market. And it created momentum for us across all plan sizes, as we strengthened our position as a top tier retirement provider. And I think the underlying strong fundamentals of this business reinforced that strong sales, strong client retention, strong recurring deposits. I'll speak to the strength of the underlying modeling. We are very, very pleased with what we see in terms of the strength of the business itself. So I'm hoping that helps Erik.
Renee Schaaf: Tom, I think I would go back to using the revenue run rate that we described the basis points that we described and then thinking about the margins for full year 2021 being at the low end of the range and using that as a guide for determining how 2021 will unfold. And then longer term, we communicated guidance in the Investor Day that looked at where we anticipate earnings and revenue growth at the end of 2023. Those guidances remain intact. And then what will do in 2022 is give you further guidance on how to view 2022.
