Renee Schaaf: Yes. So the comp and other line is going to reflect the TSA expenses. And that’s the portion that’s going to have the most noise as we begin to migrate the business over and incur integration expenses.
Renee Schaaf: Yes. So Suneet, the earnout was based on a revenue retention target that was actually higher than what we had assumed in our valuation. So what the release of this liability suggests is that the revenue retention did not meet the earnout requirements, but I’m very happy to say that when we look at overall client retention and revenue retention, we are right on track, and we’re very pleased with the results that we’re seeing and it’s consistent with our modeling.
Renee Schaaf: Yes. Absolutely. So Erik, when we think about net cash flow for 2020, you’re correct that we do believe that we will come in at the low end of the 1% to 3% of beginning of the year average account values. And it’s being driven by several things. First off, when you look at the sales environment that we’re currently in – due to the pandemic, we do see that our sales are pressured.  We’re seeing some recovery in the pipeline in June, which is really good news. And we are also seeing a portion of the decrease in sales being offset by an improved level of contract termination. So there’s kind of two sides of the same coin there. From a recurring deposit perspective, I think the thing to note there is that we do have a level of resilience in our block of business because of the nature of industries that our customers are engaged with. And we show that to you in the slides that we’ve provided.  We are seeing pressures, but they are manageable. So if you look at recurring deposits, we see about a 1.5% increase in recurring deposits over second quarter 2019. And if you drill down a little bit deeper, what you’ll see is we are seeing a decline in the number of deferring participants. We saw the trough of that decline in May. In June, we saw a little bit of an uptick in the number of participants that we’re making deferrals. The deferral rate throughout this whole time period has remained steady from 2019. So that’s good news.  And we also have seen about only 1% of employers have either reduced or eliminated their match. So they’re applying a great deal of discipline in how they’re approaching, their retirement plans and understanding the value that, that brings to their workforce.  Turning very quickly to participant withdrawals. In the last earnings call, I framed for you that to put a little bit perspective here, in the 2008, 2009 crisis, we saw participant withdrawals reach about 11%. And while certainly, participant withdrawals have been pressured, we’re not reaching that same level in the second quarter. With that said, though, we did see about 2% of participants take COVID-related withdrawals. But I would remind you that those are going to be low balance, typically low balances. And so if you express that, as of the withdrawals that we see as a percent of beginning of year account values, it’s about 0.3%.  So all of those things taken into consideration does lead us to the guidance of 1% to 3% with 1% being – we think we’re going to come in at the lower end of that range. And all of this is contingent upon market performance and what happens with the economy in a pandemic.
Renee Schaaf: Absolutely. So Tom, thank you for that question. And I’d remind you that when you’re looking at the number of plans in the supplement, that’s going to exclude the IRT block of business.  So – and if you look at the number of plans in total, you’ll see that our plan count is down slightly from second quarter 2019. And the primary driver of that is that sales are down. And so when you – we simply don’t have that sales engine putting new plans on the book at the same pace that it was. When we look at the large plan market in particular, we’re actually very pleased with the performance of our large plan block of business.  We’re seeing really good pipeline. We saw really strong sales and you saw that come through in 2019 and the first quarter of this year, and retention remains strong across the block. So it’s really reflecting sales.
Renee Schaaf: No, I think that’s very well said. We did see maybe a little bit of volatility in the larger plan market, but our model is working really well, and we see nothing that gives us concern moving forward.
Dan Houston: Another way of saying that, Suneet, is I believe that our initial analysis of what we thought the value of the business was we are correct because that additional lump sum payout would have been conditional on something that was above what our modeling would have produced. And so it’s nearly coming in on what we thought the value of the business was. And again, I would give a lot of credit to Renee and her team for successfully working through a very, very large transaction. So thanks for the question, Suneet.
Dan Houston: Yes, Ryan, great question. I’m only laughing because I hadn’t been to the dental office for six months. I went two weeks ago for the first time and I have to go back tomorrow. So one way or another, they’re going to extract their value from Dan at least. So Amy, you want to help us work through the profile of the dental business.
Dan Houston: Ryan, the one thing I’d say is I think like all medical offices, they’re figuring this out, and so we would anticipate over a period of time here that this gets sort of back to normal. They’ve got the proper PPE, people are taking appropriate precautions. And so this is probably a two or three quarter anomaly. And then we’re right back to what I’d consider our traditional run rates for procedures for the dental offices. So thanks for the questions.
Dan Houston: So we’re slightly over the hour here, but – so I’ll be quick. And the first thing I want to say is we feel as much conviction today as ever about the diversified and integrated business model, the fee, the spread and the risk businesses. We like what portfolio we have, and we’ll continue to build upon it.  Although Luis didn’t get any questions asked today, these international markets, they are volatile, but they will enjoy long-term growth. It’s where the middle class is coming. And so again, we feel very good about the international. I think you saw firsthand how resilient, small-to-medium size employers are. Hopefully, you had a chance to dig in through some of the detail in the slide deck because, again, it is a good proof point that they are very adapting to the marketplace.  Expense management philosophy is to be smart, thoughtful aligning expenses and revenues. We continue to make that a priority. The IRT integration is on track, and we feel good about its ability to provide long-term value. I feel bad for Tim, he didn’t get asked questions about the great investment performance for PGI two back-to-back quarters of plus $7 billion in sales in our mutual fund franchise, which is in this day and age in active strategies, that speaks volumes about the durability.  And I’d also be remiss if I didn’t call out the 33-year anniversary for Spectrum Asset Management. And they’ve done a great job in that preferred space, adding a lot of value and Mark Lieb and his team have just done a superb job leading that franchise. So I wish I could say we’d come out and see you in person, but I’m afraid it’s going to be on video conference, but we very much look forward to any follow-ups that are on the call today. Have a great day. Thank you.
Deanna Strable: Hey, Ryan, one thing I’d add to that is our premium credits actually have a full impact in the third quarter and only had one month of impact in second quarter and one month of impact in fourth quarter. So that’s going to play into the third quarter result as well.
Deanna Strable: Well, I think on the premium credits, it isn’t a 10% reduction, and we do give you a premium on the supplement page. I’ll let Amy talk about the in-network credit.
Deanna Strable: Yes. Just a few comments. Obviously, the math you did was correct. At the low end, we basically have no additional external deployments, assuming that we kept the dividend flat at the high end or closer to $200 million. I’d say for the next quarter, we’re going to continue to stay on the sidelines, and we’ll ultimately probably start having more discussions on this as we get towards the back half of the – or the back quarter – last quarter of this year, into 2021. Really what we want to see is more clarity. And even though we have some additional clarity given one quarter of experience behind us, I’d say relative to the path forward, especially around the pandemic, I’m not sure we have any more clarity sitting here today than we did a quarter ago. And so again, like we said, the debt issuance is a help, but we obviously just didn’t do the debt issuance to turn around and buy back shares. It’s there to really help us in case things start to deteriorate more than we are. And we really have to see much more clarity until we start to deploy unless an opportunistic M&A came to us that we really wanted to look at. As we’ve talked about M&A, obviously, the pace of activity is lower. But there could be a small number that had started discussions prior to this crisis that if those came to fruition, that could be another opportunity as we go into fourth quarter into 2021.
Deanna Strable: Yes. I’ll take the first stab at is since it does impact a number of our different businesses beyond just USIS and then I’ll see if Amy has anything to add to that. Obviously, when we were sitting here a quarter ago, we had to take a guess with absolutely no experience about how the total population incidence of COVID death would translate into our insured population. And again, we did the best guess based on our analysis as far as – and third-party analysis that had been developed. But again, we had no real experience to look at. Obviously, now three months later, it’s not totally credible experience that we’ve seen. But we do have a lot of claims, about 150 on the insurance side that have come through during the quarter. That we’re better able to just look at the nature of those claims, whether it be age, whether it be face amounts, whether it be size of the annuity products, and we’re just better able to update how that translation happens between the general population experience and the experience of our insured population. And so that did cause us to cut in half our sensitivity. I think the good news of that is probably the estimated number of deaths has probably more than doubled. Our impact of that is less – is cut in half. And so ultimately, feel good about the – how we are able to manage that going forward. I do want to make sure you’re aware that, that does consider all life and disability claims in USIS. It’s also offset by benefits that we see in our annuity businesses, both here in the U.S. and outside of the U.S., but it doesn’t contemplate any indirect claim impacts due to office closures or lower elective procedures on our Specialty Benefit business. So I’ll see if Amy has anything to add, but I also think that rule of thumb held pretty close as we looked at our second quarter experience.
Deanna Strable: Yes. So obviously, in a volatile environment like this, we have to think of this over the long term, which rather than adjusting to short-term volatility. And again, we’re trying to predict what 10-year treasuries and spreads are going to be 10 years from now. And obviously, you can’t overreact to kind of pressure that we have. But having said that, obviously, the pressure that we’re in the sustained low interest rate environment is something that we have to contemplate.  As we go through our third quarter process, and also, we have to look not just at interest rates, but all of the other policyholder and actuarial behavior assumptions that we have in that, we have not made any decisions at this time. We continue to evaluate it based on our own analysis, also take into account other people’s thoughts on that trajectory as well. But I would tell you, as we sit here and manage capital and think about capital scenarios, we are incorporating impacts if we do make a reduction to that interest rate assumption and how that would flow through our capital position.  So again, no decisions have been made, but I think we’re being prudent as we analyze the different capital scenarios to make sure that we feel good about our capital position.
Deanna Strable: Yes, I’ll first take your quick question on our corporate results. And what I would say there is there’s always volatility in that line of business. But as I think about the second half of the year, we’re going to continue to benefit from the expense management efforts that we have underway and how that flows through the corporate results.  Offsetting that partially, that we’ll see some added debt expense due to our recent issue in debt. What I would say is, if you average the first quarter and the second quarter, I think that’s a good proxy for the second half of the year relative to corporate.  Moving on to expenses. I think Dan made some great comments. And obviously, I frame that within the prepared remarks. But let me just try to give you a little bit more color. And I think your comment on margins probably more aligns to how we think about 2021. I think in 2020, obviously, the efforts that we made were really across all of the businesses, pretty indiscriminate of what revenue pressures they’re seeing. And so we didn’t tell Amy because she’s having good dental claims experience that she could spend a lot of money.  And on the flip side, we didn’t tell Luis that’s being pressured by FX, we had to take additional cuts. And so when I looked at the $75 million that we talked about for the second quarter alone or the $250 million that we’re talking about for the full year, and I think about each of the businesses, the percent change is pretty similar for all of the businesses. And so again, your models may show one business or another. But when I look at it, I’d say the percent reduction is in a pretty narrow range across all of those businesses.  As we think about 2021, I think that’s when the more comments around margins come into play because again, this was tightening our belt given the environment that we’re in and basically looking at all of our expense items, some that naturally came down such as travel, but also being very, very disciplined on hiring and staffing costs and some of that’s going to start to normalize as we go into 2021.  For example, our incentive compensation is all reset at the beginning of the year. And so even though that’s helping our expense base this year, those will again kind of come back to a normal level. And then other items, I’d say, will still be lower than what we would have anticipated pre-COVID, but we will see some gradual increase as we move forward. Travel could be an example of that, staffing, salary cost could be an example of that as well. And so I think that’s when you start to see us making sure that our expense levels are leading to our targeted margins by business as we move into 2021. Hopefully, that helps.
Amy Friedrich: Yes. And so by magnitude basis, the premium credits are, by far, the larger thing that you’ll see flowing through, and that will go through our premium line. And again, as Deanna noted, that will be a full impact in all three months of third quarter. We saw one month of that influencing the results in second quarter, and we’ll see one month of that in fourth quarter. And again, I’ll let you do the math against the premium numbers that we put out there. The protective equipment that credit we’re giving in terms of PPE for the dentist, that is in order of magnitude, much smaller than the premium credit in terms of how it will impact. But I do want to point out that will be full year. So that will be third quarter as well as fourth quarter, and that will impact the claims line as opposed to the premium line. So much, much smaller impact, but that will be coming through a different line.
Amy Friedrich: No, Deanna, you’ve covered it really well. I think that you’ve covered that it’s an aggregate number that kind of crosses multiple businesses. And I think the good news there is we’re seeing good protective value. We do certainly – our group life block is a working-age population, faired relatively low, again, given the markets we’re in fairly low face amounts and so you have to have quite a few claims for those to add up significantly. Our Individual Life is holding up well in terms of the protective value of the underwriting we do and the types of business we put on the books. Keep in mind, we have probably a disproportionate amount of working-age populations even in our Individual Life insurance coverage because of our business market focus.
Amy Friedrich: Yes. John, these are good questions you’re asking. And so one of the things we’ve been doing is sort of refreshing our claims studies with respect to dental and looking at them a little bit more closely than we more frequently than we have in the past. So what we know is that keep in mind with this footprint that is primarily for our group benefits business, a lot of smaller cases.  Some of that big push towards annual enrollment is not as marked as you’d see in some of the larger case business. So you spread it out amongst 80,000 or 90,000 of those smaller cases. And so what we’re watching and what we are seeing is a little bit more usage on what we would consider kind of higher dollar procedures. If that continues, then we’ll watch and continue to price for what we think could happen in 2021.  Now keep in mind, there’s some natural plan provisions that kind of dictate a little bit how many dental coverages you can seek in a given year or procedures you can have in a given year. So you’re going to have some – one preventative care visit in six, two and 12. And those are going to provide some natural protections. But more importantly, there are restarts for the next year as we kind of restart our pricing.
Amy Friedrich: Sure. Tom, thanks for the question. So a couple of thoughts go into this. I think, number one, in 2019, we were really seeing some good – really good claims performance for our individual disability block. And so just given the natural claims volatility of the segment, seeing a little bit of a blip in a quarter is not totally unexpected, especially on kind of an incidence basis.  So the other thing I would tell you is that typically, if we were seeing something that was going to be a disability, macroeconomic conditions starting to affect disability, we would have seen it emerging in group disability as well. So to see it kind of emerge a little bit differently in individual disability, has given us a little bit of comfort that we’re probably seeing something that’s closer to a volatility issue and not necessarily a precursor to what we might see in the future.  Now even having said all that, we’ve talked a lot today on the call about uncertainty, we will continue to watch this block. If we see incidents emerge in areas or patterns that indicate to us, it’s a macro, kind of a leading macro, we’ll certainly let you know that.
