James P. McCaughan: Tom I think you have to see that final payments in the context of the incentive structure at Columbus Circle. And to take you through the whole story as quickly as I can, so the first 70% at the end of 2004 we paid $60 million. Obviously the company was way smaller then and management has done a fine job growing it, and we’ve obviously supported that. We paid a further $180 million, $179 million for the next 25% share. What that means is we’ve effectively for $240 million bought a company that’s current value must be around $500 million if you mark it to market.  Now as you remarked the price we paid for the 25% looks to be pretty clearly above market. That was a contractual formula we settled on five or six years ago, very deliberately to incent management to go strongly for growth and to build a very sound business. Management has delivered on that, so that’s why they got a good price for the further 25%. And from a Principal point of view we’ve ended up with a very valuable asset. We’ve also by the way in the ten years we owned it received almost a $180 million of dividends from Columbus Circle. So if you add this all up this has been a really tremendous acquisition. The return on the capital invested so far has been in the high teens. So I think we’re poised to make this very successful.
James P. McCaughan: Yeah, thanks Erik. Firstly there’s always a lot of fluctuations quarter-to-quarter. So really better to look at the trailing 12 months to move that out, to get the trend. First thing to say as a broad context is the industry is suffering and has been suffering in the last two years as assets have moved to passive and to liability driven investing. We are in those businesses but we are not big players.  So in terms of flows, the main point is flows are very loopy businesses and that’s put some pressure on industry margins. What that pressure is meaning is that we are going to take longer to get to that 30% we have talked about. If I look to the current quarter however it was a pretty low quarter for both transaction fees on real estate and for performance fees generally. So that actually means that it was if anything a pretty low quarter if you look at the fluctuations quarter-to-quarter.  Secondly in conjunction with the general churn in the industry, the net flow consists of some pretty big inflows and outflow and the inflows of course are not cost free. There’s cost including commissions of putting that business on the books. So that’s actually one of the factors that brought the margins down a bit for this particular quarter. Now of course being able to take in assets in contrast to many in the industry because of our performance and our distribution reach is long-term good for the business but short-term it does cause a bit of a margin impact. If you look at the trailing 12 months, which I encourage you to think of as the glidepath towards that 30%, firstly the fourth quarter 2013 will fall off. That was a low margin quarter because of the particular set of incentive fees we had in that quarter. We are pretty confident the trailing 12 months will again show some progress and be in albeit lower level of that 26% to 28% range we previously talked about. But we are on course to continue improving margins. The real reason I am confident of that is that the business we are putting on the books at the moment is both very well priced and should be quite profitable looking forward. The margin of new business is very profitable. That’s really the root of our confidence that we are headed for 30%. 
James P. McCaughan: Yeah, we will get more formal about that in the guidance call, but I think it’s fair to say the industry background makes it fair that it will take a year or two more than we perhaps thought when we first started.
James P. McCaughan: Thanks, Suneet. The only one that's on a similar formulaic pattern is actually the further 5% of Columbus Circle which there is no guarantee that we expect to be able to buy that in from management over the next two or three years. So that would be on the same sort of structures I described. Since about six or seven years ago, really the rules around put and call options have made it much more advantageous to go with pure market value assessments and so the exact structure I described in Columbus Circle is not replicated on the other puts and calls.  Where management have equity in the boutique we generally do have put rights for them particularly if they want to retire and call rights for us some years out in the future. But really the further 5% of Columbus Circle is the only one that imminent in the next year or two.
James P. McCaughan: Yeah if I can add to reinforce Dan points, Dan made some excellent points but I would emphasize that his team and mine, in other words the retirement services people and the product people within Principal Global Investors work very, very closely together designing capabilities that provide outcomes that are attractive to the plan participant. And that’s why ultimately we’re doing better in terms of the allocations that are coming both from the fund sponsor level and funds participant level. It’s not as well as something I would argue the strongest suite of investment products in the industry that makes us so confident we can keep in on in this direction. 
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yeah, Tom. This is Larry; I'll make a few comments and maybe ask Dan or Terry to comment as well. I think if you look back over about the last three or four years I think the last sort of 15 quarters we've had a little higher mortality in about seven of those quarters. So in the current quarter Tom, the higher mortality really was more a matter of severity than it was of frequency. So we are going to take a further look into that. I think it's something that we do need to pay a little bit of attention to.  Having said that the mortality was not really an issue in the actuarial assumption review. We took our appropriate steps a couple of years ago, relative to interest rates and other economic factors. The adjustments this time were more related to lapse rates and the reinsurance cost and what I would call sort of maybe some secondary factors, rather than basic mortality or interest rate. So let me see if Dan wants to add anything.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Seth, this Larry. I am going to add one higher level comment. You know Individual Life’s business remains very important to us strategically but I also think it’s important that investors not lose sight of the fact of the substantial growth that’s happened over the last few years is going to continue to happen with our fee base businesses so, what you are talking about there again is roughly give or take somewhere between 5% and 8% of our total company earnings attributable to Individual Life’s. So we could talk about sort of the unlocking and there is going to be some noise from time to time but I don’t want to let that obscure the real trend which is happening which is really the growth in the fee base businesses. So just wanted to add that comment as background.
Larry D. Zimpleman: That’s a terribly hard thing to do given volatile markets and even a well-managed hedge fund which is where the big numbers tend to come from can have individual months drawdowns in the low single-digits and that can affect the amount we make. As of the end of September we were confident of a decent fourth quarter but not as big as a performance fee as last year. And I think that’s probably about the best I can say right now because there is a high degree of uncertainty until you really get into the closing stretch.  But the other thing I’d point out though is we were little unfortunate last year in that the big performance fee came through on a petro hedge funds where we have a very historical agreement, a very legacy agreement with the team that we will pay them a large proportionate incentive comp of the carry on the fund. So the funds we set up and developed more recently we have a more market deal. So there won’t be the adverse impact on margins if it flows through as expected. 
Larry D. Zimpleman: That’s right. I mean we sort of believe -- this is Larry, Sean, we sort of believe that the operating earnings metric is best suited to sort of help to predict how the businesses themselves are doing, not some of the other balance sheet impact. So to put the -- at least in our thinking the way we construct operating earnings to put a one-time item like a reset of the deferred tax asset into an operating earnings number would make it more difficult for you to try to understand and to get a reasonable estimate of what the run rate earnings of the business are. So that’s why to us it made sense to put it in the other after tax adjustment. 
Larry D. Zimpleman: So on your other question, well, maybe just a quick comment Jimmy on your first one, which is if you had, if you as an analyst or you as an investor had a choice between two different paths, one path would have higher sales and less retention. The other path would have lower sales and higher retention, 2014 represents that second path and that second path is actually a better economic outcome to have somewhat lower sales and better retention, because your most profitable business in the dollars that you have on the book. So actually of the two paths, we like this path better.  Now on your question on buybacks, again I think we have been more consistent on this issue, certainly than many of our insurance peers but even more I think than many other public companies. We have said now for some period of time we are less oriented towards share buyback. We think we are among a very small set of companies that can organically grow our earnings and use that to grow EPS. And so we think about share buyback as simply a tool to offset dilution, and that's essentially what's happened over the last couple of years as we use share buyback offset dilution. We have allowed the businesses to grow organically and that provides EPS.  I think as I sit here today Jimmy and I look forward I think that's going to continue to sort of be the formula. We have a lot of opportunities, as we said before in the script, we have a lot of opportunities around M&A. I think for those who are long term shareholders, the best thing we can do is to use our capital to deploy it to grow our businesses and grow shareholder value over the long term. And so that's what we're going to continue to do. We will continue to move the dividend up. I think a 31% increase in our common stock dividend this year should be viewed very positively by investors but share buyback, while it is a real stat it's not something that we have to go to in order to grow EPS which is what most companies end up having to do. 
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yeah. So this is Larry I'll just make a couple of high level comments. You know we're now little bit focused Suneet on sort of the revenue generated by the sales, rather than the AUM generated by the sales. And so we had a certain target sort of thinking that 2014 was going to represent an FSA sales volume and net revenue new volume that would be comparable to 2013. And I think while we may fall little bit short on the asset component we do expect to be pretty close in terms of the revenue generated off of that sales volume being very comparable in 2013. So again all-in-all in an era where there is less money in motion, I think that’s actually a pretty good result and as I said we are seeing retention at an all-time high, which again adds to the margin and to the profitability of the business. 
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yeah, that’s probably a good number. I think in years past it could have been as much as 50% but if we settle down on a third, small third medium and a third large and those large plans are ones that really value the entire suite of services products and investment line up that’s probably not a bad place for our stand up. 
Larry D. Zimpleman: Okay this is Larry, Steven. So as you know we’ve had a very successful -- I’ll talk about China first and then make few comments on Asia and see if Luis wants to add anything. We’ve had a successful mutual fund company in China since 2006 and again for those not as familiar with our businesses or partner, there is China Construction Bank which is a very large state-owned bank, today probably the third or fourth largest bank in the world. And that’s been a very successful effort in the mutual fund and asset management space. But the desire is to hopefully someday get into the retirement business in China. That business exists today it’s called Enterprise Annuity but it’s been limited to local companies.  And so we continue to travel over there, to visit with regulators, recognizing their need to deal with aging which in China is one of the most aged populations on the earth because of the one child policy. So we remain hopeful, although I don’t think we’ll have anything to announce in the near term on that particular project but we do remain hopeful that overtime we think if and when they expand that industry we’ll be one of the first ones allowed in.  More broadly across Asia, Steven, it’s a great question and what I would say is, and I mentioned this in the opening comments, there is more activity and some of that is in Asia and most of that is coming out of banks, primarily European banks, but some U.S. banks who are in the process, as I think everyone knows of having to get out of geographic markets that are not meaningful and having to get out of tangential businesses that are not meaningful.  So the regulatory pressure on the larger banks continues to be pretty severe and that gives companies like Principal I think a great opportunity and we’ve done a number of acquisitions in Asia although they’ve been pretty small. You may remember last quarter we announced an acquisition in Thailand, that’s kind of small on one hand but it actually doubled the size of that Thailand business. So again it’s a matter trying to sort of get to scale within each of the seven countries in Asia where we operate. So anything you want to add Luis? No, okay I hope that helps Steven. 
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yeah I just wanted to say thanks to all of you for joining us on the call this morning. We’re very pleased with our results to-date in 2014 and we look forward to a strong finish to the year and so with that thanks for joining us. I hope to see many of you on the road in the coming months. Have a great day. 
Daniel J. Houston: Yeah, maybe just a couple of data point. So Larry the first is which on a year-to-date basis we look at large claims it’s actually been about one less that we would have been expected for that period of time. But to the comment that made in the earlier comments the severity of those large claims has been more significant. We would have been expected maybe $384,000 versus $800,000. So this is severity issue. We are taking a very hard look at this. We got a group of senior executives drilling down to take a very, very hard look at the business and make adjustments as necessary. But at this point in time we do not think that we get a systemic problem. This is all in the course of the volatility associated with a life block like this.
Daniel J. Houston: We're not. We can identify through four very large claims had they not occurred we wouldn't have had the mortality expense that we have. As you know our business is bifurcated, some has more reinsurance than others and unfortunately in these instances they were just almost freakish sort of claims. So again more validation and we don't think this is a systemic issue, it’s more of a situational one but again that won’t keep us from really digging into the details.
Daniel J. Houston: Hi, Erik, this is Dan. I would say over the course of next couple of years again we have had really nice tailwinds here in the last two years driving equity markets and it’s been really nice obviously. But again when we validate those long-term earnings rates we feel very confident that we can hold up into those ranges, in fact they are up slightly and a lot more to do with just how positive the markets are right now as opposed to anything else.
Daniel J. Houston: Yeah, Jimmy, good morning. Good strong margins, good recurring deposits, good strong revenue growth, a little light in sales at 1.8 billion versus prior quarter $2.7 million, we have one sale just this last, year ago quarter that was nearly a $1 billion. So again if you wanted to kind of compare the two numbers we’re closer to be on top of one another than perhaps you realize. The large case market is more lumpy, that’s a reality.  When we validate the value proposition of TRS working with our alliance partners, executing our planned works, that’s all still very much resonating with our customers. There’s been a pick up here recently in terms of the size of the pipeline and say the first half of the year the pipeline is pretty light. Again strong investment performance, probably contributes to some of that. In terms of value proposition again when I look at investment performance, as I mentioned in the earlier comments we’ve got very, very strong performance coming from Jim and his team for our Principal branded funds. We had 88% of our funds, five year level that are in the top two quartiles which makes our existing customers happy and prospective clients pleased.  We got record retention during that period of time. And the other item I’ve brought this up on previous calls, but when I look at our DCIO business which again is taking advantage of our investment management capabilities without necessarily buying our record keeping, that’s up double from where it was in 2011 and $3.3 billion in terms of the shift and net cash flow a little bit light, it’s negative a couple of $100 million. Again we’re still coming in on top of that net cash flow, which would be somewhere net of 1.5 billion on a year-to-date basis which would put us at the low end of our range of 1% to 3% of beginning year account balance. So it’s not performing that unlike what we would have expected. And the difference is probably a few larger cases.  But again we’re going to stick to our focus on being disciplined, on profitable growth and write businesses that are going to allow us to execute on all of business, all the values that we bring as an asset manager in addition to being a provider of services to participants and plan sponsors. So hopefully that helps Jimmy. 
Daniel J. Houston: Well, I like think we could because investment performed just good. In all seriousness the reality is it really differs by the size of the plan. The smaller the plan the higher profitability you’re going to have a higher percentage allocated to Principal funds and if I look at that emerging market which is under $5 million that’s north of 80%, 85%. If I look at that dynamic on a 5 to 50 those numbers kind of settle in the 70s. It’s when you get to the really large cases where you get this volatility if you wanted to you can write a lot of plans where you didn’t manage any of the assets and you did 100% of the record keeping. The economics on that are not very good.  The reality is that space is going to probably end up settling into that 50% to 60% of Principal managed accounts. The good news is we’ve got really good value proposition with the service package and investment performance is good which leads to being more selective, more disciplined and we just finished a institutional client conference in September with some of our largest clients, had the opportunity to showcase what we’re doing, some of the new plan -- some of the new investment options, some of the new services, in particular about helping their future retirees do a better job planning for retirements called Plan Works.  The feedback could not have been more positive. So again it reinforces that we feel that our strategy is very much on point. We may see sales, as Larry pointed out, measured by assets down say 5% or 10% on a full year basis relative to a year ago. And at some point we may have a more sedate conversation about the difference in our model that values assets under management versus assets under administration because those are two very different models and I suspect the industry will start bifurcating to some extent along those lines. 
