Larry Donald Zimpleman: John, this is Larry. I'll make a few comments and then I'll see if Terry wants to add anything. I'll start by saying, of course, we don't really update guidance. We've provided based on conditions back in December. We gave you our best forward-looking estimate of what we thought 2012 earnings would be. But to try to be responsive to your question, let me just walk through a number of the factors that you mentioned and hopefully, this will provide some help for you. If you take the first 2 quarters, what we know is we've got $1.42 of EPS so far in the first 2 quarters. To your point, we also know we've had a fair number of headwinds that I think we could all sit and speculate for the rest of this call about whether they're going to turn around to become tailwinds, but let me just hit a few of the business fundamentals and how they may act in second quarter as compared to first quarter. For example, we know, generally speaking, in the second half of the year, SPD, Specialty Benefits has positive claims seasonalities. You can sort of look at past practice and see if you can quantify that. We also know, in the past, historically, there have been some performance fees in Principal Global Investors. Again, you can get a sense of what the magnitude of that might be. Relative to Principal International, I would say, again, that's been the one that has been most impacted by macroeconomic conditions. And so I think in the second half, the performance in the local markets is very strong. The question will be, will we see stabilization or maybe even turnaround in FX rates and will we see the return of higher inflation, particularly in Latin America, which would have a positive impact on net investment income. Then, of course, we could talk about whether we're going to see any equity market growth. Again, typically, in our guidance, which we gave last December, we would have assumed 2% per quarter. So we would assume in the second half of the year something like 4% equity market growth. And then finally, what I would say is, the one thing we do know relative to having a tailwind is we should see about a sort of 5% roughly increase in EPS just based on the change in the share repurchase for the share counts that have happened between the start of the year and the end of the year. So you put all that together, you take the $1.42, again, you have to apply your own assumptions, John, as to what you think equity market FX is going to do. But clearly and particularly relative to the second half of 2011, you would think we would see some increase. Again, just for the record, in 2011, in the second half of the year, EPS was $1.27. And again, we're running at about $1.40 right now. So I hope that gives some help.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sure. Well, again, those are all great questions and they are questions that we spend a lot of time on as a management team, and we spend a lot of time on them in discussions with the board. That's why, John, we have been trying to communicate. But first of all, let me just speak to sort of relative share price performance. I would say, first of all, while we haven't necessarily significantly outperformed peer companies, if you define them more from the standpoint of your peer set, insurance companies, and we might differ on it a little bit, but if we just take that peer set for a second, what I would say is our performance has been in line or slightly better than sort of has been the average of that peer performance. So the point is, is that all financials, all sort of peer insurance companies continue to be heavily impacted primarily by what is perceived to be the impact of very low interest rates. We have tried to make the point again and again and again and I think it's a point of opportunity for buy-side investors. We have tried to make the point that we are less impacted by low interest rates than many of our peers because 65% of our earnings come from fee-based earnings. In addition to that, you've seen the board, our board be very responsive to the situation by deploying significant amounts of capital primarily through common share dividends. And as I said in my comments, if you actually look at capital deployed, capital deployed adjusted for market capsize, we're in the top quartile and there really are very few companies that have been more active in deploying capital either through increased dividend, share repurchase or M&A than we've been. So I think we're doing all the right things. I think the reason that the share prices had sort of modest relative outperformance is because of interest rates. And probably until the macroeconomic conditions turn around, you're not going to see substantial change. But these sets of conditions aren't going to be around forever. The world is going to go on. These economies are going to grow and our earnings are going to continue to grow. If you take our $2.66, which was our EPS for last year, and again, you take our $1.42 and you can do whatever you want, but I think you can see that we're certainly still on track for some sort of 7% to 10% growth in EPS in a year, John, that quite frankly is very, very challenging. So we're going to be very much in line with our long term belief in EPS and hopefully, investors will see that over time and they'll reward us.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, Jay, this is Larry. I'll have Dan talk to you a little bit about the competitive environment. I just want to make one, hopefully, helpful comment on the latter part of your question, Jay. And that is that walk through, how all this translates into earnings. I just want to make a quick comment and then have Dan talk about the competitive environment, which, of course, shows that we're performing very well. But if you look at second quarter as an example and you look at the change in the Full Service Accumulation account value during second quarter, that essentially was all done through net cash flow generation and most of that was done through new sales. So essentially, the increase in account value is all coming through new sales. And when you think about, which sources of account value are more lucrative relative to revenue and earnings, the best way to get account value revenue earnings growth is when the market gives it to you. The toughest way to get earnings growth is when you have to go out and sell new plans where you take on acquisition expenses and administration expenses to bring on those new dollars. So frankly, when we look at the performance of Full Service Accumulation, given where the increase in account value came from in second quarter, I think the performance of the business was actually decent. Again, when we get back to a mode where we're seeing more 2% per quarter equity market growth, then you're going to see the revenue increase at a faster rate. You're going to see earnings increase at a faster rate. So with that, let me ask Dan to talk about the competitive environment.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, these are, Steven, these are kind of the traditional single premium, both immediate and deferred annuities that we've been active in this market for 70 years. Our -- we've been one of the top sort of 3, 4, 5 players in the plan termination market. These are essentially defined-benefit type obligations that, for whatever reason, are needing to be wound up. So this particular one was again similar to a couple of the one's that you've seen in the marketplace, a $500 million placement. Credit quality matters here, so your financial strength ratings matter. And so there is, as I said in my comments, Steven, there's kind of a limited supply of proven providers in this marketplace and we feel fortunate that we're one of the ones that's there. So that -- as I said, we have $160 million of sales in the income annuity space in the first 2 quarters, another $500 million sale in the third quarter, so we are seeing more interest there. We'll certainly stay disciplined as we price those particular deals, but we would expect that we'll see more opportunity there and if and when interest rates would ever rise, I think you would see even substantially more growth in that part of the business.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, I mean, normally, what we're looking for is something that's clearly well in the double-digit range and, of course, the thing with a deferred and immediate annuity like that, Steven, is you're not going to really know what you'll get for another 30, 40 or 50 years as far as the return. But certainly our pricing is sort of based on, if you will, a fairly conservative set of future interest rate assumptions. And so we calculate our IRR's against that fairly conservative set of assumptions, so again, you're well into the double-digit range here.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Chris, this is Larry. I'll make a few comments. The comments I would have today would be I think entirely consistent with the comments that we've said in the past. Again, as I think most of you know, we're a savings and loan holding company, so we are -- after July 1, 2011, we have the Fed now regulating the savings and loan holding company. We continue to have what I would consider to be extremely positive discussions. They are coming up to speed on how to think about a company like Principal Financial Group with primarily fee-based businesses, although many still think about us as an insurance company, but our businesses are mostly fee-based businesses. I think they're -- they've been, in my view, Chris, they've been very thoughtful in our interactions. We consult with them very regularly. I said in my comments that if you look at the last 4 quarters, so those would be exactly the 4 quarters that we've been regulated by the Fed. If you look at the capital that we have deployed, either for common share dividend or share repurchase or for M&A, if you aggregate that and adjust for market cap, we would be within the top 2 or 3 or 4 of our entire competitive peer set in terms of how much capital we've deployed, so that would say, I think, the conclusion there would be that we've not found anything there that is necessarily concerning. I think going forward, the question will be -- that there is a notice of proposed rule-making that is out there relative to it non-bank financials and so that process will go on and we will provide our comments, as well as everyone else and then we'll see where we end up. So this one is near the top of the agenda of things that we're watching and we're investing a lot of time and energy and having them understand our business. But ultimately, the board will make the right decision for shareholders over the long term. So I'd say, again, so far, so good. Great interaction. I think they have great respect for how we've run our businesses, certainly have not been disruptive at all and we'll just have to see where we go going forward.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, I'll maybe ask Luis to comment in just a minute, but just for the sake of clarity, Chris, maybe I'll just try to set the stage on sort of what we mean when we talk about inflation. Latin America, as a region, is a region that has been sort of plagued, if you will, with inflation for many, many decades. So unlike the way fixed income markets work here in the U.S., in Latin America, at least particularly Brazil and Chile, not quite so much Mexico, but certainly in Brazil and Chile, it is very common to have inflation-linked securities. So the fixed income return is directly linked to, and in many cases, the product, the crediting rate for products is directly linked to certain inflation indexes. So when inflation is higher than -- investment income is higher and the crediting to the customers is higher. When we talk about the impact of inflation, essentially what we're talking about is the net investment income we're receiving on the, if you will, the surplus that we have invested in those companies, in Latin America. So I hope that's helpful in terms of understanding how inflation impacts and maybe ask Luis if he has any thoughts on what the inflation outlook might be for the second half.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: This is Larry, Randy. I mean, I would say that's generally correct. Let me see if Terry wants to add any additional to that.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: And this is Larry, Randy. Just to give you again a sense, in the first half of 2011 and again I think this is a pretax number, but we had about $22 million in gains on this sort of activity in the first half of 2011. So that just sort of shows you, that was the reason Terry went through the differences and sort of talked about even though reported earnings are down, if you actually kind of strip out the one timers and things, actually there's earnings growth first half 2012 or first half 2011 because we had these front-loaded real estate sales last year.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sure. Let me just make a couple of comments and I'll see -- kind of looking at Dan and Terry. Let me make a couple of comments relative to pretax return on net revenue. As I said before, if you look at a quarter like second quarter and again, we should all be careful to take a quarter and somehow annualize that or assume that, that now reflects a new dynamic going forward because as I said, particularly in second quarter, because of the strong sales, strong net cash flow, I would say it's highly unusual when all of your -- actually, more than the increase in account value all came from net cash flows, meaning the market was negative and it was a net cash flows that grew your account value. In that scenario, again, there's going to be pressure not only on ROA, there's going to be pressure on return on net revenue. That's why you've seen a slight diminution in return on net revenue in this quarter. If you go out to this, 2015 and you say, "Well, why aren't you going to see more sort of lift in that pretax return on revenue?" What I would say to that, Suneet, is we'd like to sit here and tell you that there's tremendous operational leverage, but the reality is, think about it, if the reality is, if a $25 million plan becomes a $50 million plan by 2015, they're not going to allow you to charge the same fees when their $50 million plan in 2015 that you charged in their $25 million plan in 2012. So what happens in this business is what would happen in any sort of competitively efficient business, in that you're going to see sort of a paralleling, if you will, between the fees. The fees are going to go down as the plan gets bigger and you're going to have to just kind of reprice that periodically and that's just the new dynamic of the environment we're in. So that's why you hear our comments, talking about aligning expenses, aligning expenses with revenues. And so that's the reality of the business. But we should not be negative about that because again, you talked about a pretax return on net revenue of 30%, that would be one of the highest returns in all of financial services. And if you talk about an ROA, return on assets of 24 to 26 basis points, that's an ROE that's again, in that 25%, 30% range. So these are very, very healthy margins. And again, to assume that we could increase them further I think would be a little bit naïve. So hopefully that helps.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: And Steve, this is Larry. I'd like to just add one comment, which is, that -- one of the reasons that you -- the best way to sort of mitigate the issue that you talked about is really our Total Retirement Suite platform, and that's really why we put so much emphasis on what percentage of our sales are in TRS and we're now again at the point where well over half of the account value inside the Full Service Accumulation, over half the account value is actually tied to some other program. It's tied to a nonqualified plan, it's tied to a DV plan, it's tied to an ESOP or some combination of those and that's really the way because the reality is, it's much harder in the competitive environment. You can't just move -- I mean, the easiest to move is the 401(k) only. It's really difficult to move one if you got a 401(k), a DV and an ESOP, for example. So the whole key to retention here and the key to being able to provide value-added services really is the TRS strategy and that remains our sort of best-in-class platform today.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes. Mark, this is Larry. I'll have Dan comment. But this is -- this delta that you're describing again is very much to the point of, is the new account value coming from brand new sales where again, the least profitable part of your life cycle of a 401(k) plan is when you set it up, so -- and most of the new account value comes from new sales. The return on revenue and the delta between account value growth in revenue growth is going to be at its widest. The delta between account value growth and revenue growth is going to be at its narrowest when you see large lift coming from the equity market. So that's really the sort of dynamic that's in play, but I'm sure Dan can add some more to that.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, it's primarily the assumption, Mark, around -- again, our guidance is always based on about 2% per quarter. So we're assuming the second half is going to have some equity market lift, which is going to be the most helpful contributor to sort of getting back to a closer delta between account value growth and revenue growth. They're never going to be equal. That's not possible. That's saying that you could charge a plan at a $100 million, the same you charge at when it was $50 million. That's not realistic, that's not going to happen. But you don't necessarily see that delta be maybe as wide as it was in second quarter just because of where the account value changes came from. So we think we're going to, by the end of the year, we would assume we're going to get back to a more normal Delta between account value growth and revenue growth.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, thanks everybody for joining us. We do appreciate your continuing interest. As we said during our comments, despite the macroeconomic conditions, we do believe our businesses continue to have strong momentum and that we do have the right strategy and the right management team to grow our businesses over the long term. We hope to see many of you at our Investor Day on September 21 in New York, as John mentioned. And other than that, we hope everybody has a great day. Thank you very much.
Daniel J. Houston: So from a competitive environment, we still have some of those headwinds that we've talked about in the past and there's a handout in your online, in the Investor section talking about the business mix. We still see migration away from general account. We still see healthy sales and ESOP. There is a movement from proprietary to nonproprietary options that generally increases when you sell larger cases that certainly gives us the window of opportunity to go in and resell those plans on additional investment options provided by Principal Global Investors. The second component from a competitive perspective is there's still -- we're not recovered on the recurring deposits. Those are still weak, relative to historical past although they're improving. It's still one of our main contributors to success. And then as it relates specifically to the competitive environment, we're continuing to win business in the same manner we have in the past. We've done it with Total Retirement Suite, the TPA strategy is working, the alliance strategies are working, the one area that we continue to see pressure on, obviously, is around just the competitive pricing from the competition. And when we look at that, we think back to the pre-crisis mode. There is occasionally some outliers that were aggressive in their pricing. During the crisis, there weren't a lot of movement. I think small and medium-sized employers frankly were more focused on their -- running their businesses and then you had advisors trying to just retain business. In the post-economic crisis environment, the fee disclosure environment and the excess capacity in the industry, there is more pressure on getting revenue growth and that certainly impacts not only new case, but it also impacts your ability to -- on your enforced block and so retaining of that business. So one of the things we did during the crisis was to give our customers choices on pricing, choice pricing as we called it, dialing up and down their services. Today, in the marketplace, with excess capacity, there are competitors that are selling bundled Full Service solutions at discounted prices. We don't know if that's a short term or a long term problem that we'll have to confront. Obviously, we'll take the necessary steps as we historically have to align our expenses with what the revenues are that customers are willing to pay us. But this thing is clearly a mixed bag of a lot of variables, clearly our ability to retain business. Clearly, our ability to attract new business is a sign that they certainly value the local service that we provide, Total Retirement Suite, and again, about 60% of all new sales are tied to a bundled to Total Retirement Suite approach. Hopefully, that helps, Jay.
Daniel J. Houston: Steven, it really hasn't. The call center volume has been muted. Remember that we've gone out with notification to our clients back in November 2011. Requirement was by July 1 it had to be out. And of course, the next step is the participant disclosure and we have no reasonably that that's going to create a huge volume of work for us as we near year end, fourth quarter when those requirements will be in place.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, just -- maybe just a couple of quick comments in terms of where you get additional lift as there continues to be pressure on the margins. Obviously, the investment preference, we think it will swing back towards equity. We think there's good upside in some of the emerging market. Again, our investment performance proprietary is very strong. The whole notion of retirement readiness, getting these group of baby boomers ready for retirement, that's going to involve a lot of taking advantage of our work site deployment strategies. The roll-ins come there and we, in essence, will have an excess of $1 billion of roll-ins this year. And the other point I'd make relative to just the pressure we have on Full Service Accum, remember that, with our DCIO strategy, and we have doubled the sales of our mutual fund defined contribution only strategy just here from a year ago, that's getting our investment product on our competitors' 401(k) platforms and their IRA platforms. So again, good growth for overall PFG, although it may not show up in the FSA line. And then as we come out of this very sluggish economy, it's the increase in salary deferrals, it's the increase in participation, that also will contribute to a net growth in these plans in terms of earnings. Hopefully that helps.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes. So the reality is they are different. Of course, it all depends on the size of the plan. You don't see as much pressure on our core small to medium-size. I'll put that as -- in plans of less than say, $10 million. There's always points of discussion, but again, they're looking for very comprehensive services. They value the proposition that we bring. On the larger plans, a lot of registered investment advisors are involved. A lot of the reduction in revenue may very well come from that RIA recommending other investment options for a range of reasons, diversity and to the extent that, that's money that moves away from our general account and moves away from our proprietary separate accounts or mutual funds, that does have a negative impact on the plan. And I would say, the order of magnitude, they all vary. But to retain a large piece of business today might involve reducing pricing and that may be 10% to 12% range, but again it all depends on which investments options they've chosen and what services that they're looking for.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes. The 1% to 2% negative revenue relative to account value growth of 6% is not new information. This has been going on now for the last couple of years and it gets back to it and I won't reiterate all of my previous comments. But certainly, mix of business is contributing to that, investment preference. All of those drivers were still dealing with 8% unemployment out there in the marketplace, so the recurring deposits have not come back. Again, I might -- I'm confident that long term, we'll get back into this 2% to 3%, 4% growth in net revenues, although I suspect we'll be fighting this headwind for the near future. And again, we'll align our expenses ultimately with what it is our customers are willing to pay for. We actually have a -- our institutional client conference coming up here in September. It'll be our 100-plus large institutional clients. We'll have a 2-day discussion with them and that's where we get into a lot of our discussions around retirement readiness, fees, disclosure and understand the mood. And in addition to having record retention, I would tell you, our customers scores, our customer service feedback scores are some of the highest that we've had. So I think we're going to fight through this pressure that we have on getting revenue growth, but it is not as good as it was say 5 and 6 years ago when you pick up 8% from the market, 5% from net cash flow and then operational efficiencies. And so we'll continue to take steps to manage expenses accordingly.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yes, Steven. This is Terry. As you look at the Chilean inflation this quarter, it had about a $2 million impact on the operating earnings. Now, that was this quarter. Last quarter, we actually received a favorable $2 million. So year-to-date, it does -- is volatile and fluctuates quite a bit. So on a year-to-date basis, there's probably no impact, but this quarter, it was about a $2 million reduction.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yes, Randy, this is Terry. What we talked about in terms of the long term interest rate assumption and the reduction of 25 basis points in that would be the impact that it would have on a reduction on our DAC and actuarial balances. So it would be more of a one time hit to earnings. As you mentioned, in the third quarter, it's typically when we review our assumptions and interest rate will be one of them, as well as look at enhancements to our actuarial models. Now we also look throughout the year, but the third quarter is when we really focus on that and that's what I'm referring to, in the $25 million hit or a 25 basis point reduction in the long term interest rate assumption.
Terrance J. Lillis: Mark, this is Terry. Just to add on to what those 2 have said. We did have some of the variable income that went through the Full Service Accumulation line last year and that had a benefit too and that caused some of the delta.
