Luis Valdez: Yes. The main issue here is that actually, the system and its replacement ratio is going kind of well below expectations. But mainly about what Larry said, did you -- a 10% contribution rate, which is kind of low and insufficient in order to get this kind of 75%, 85% replacement ratio. So that 10% contribution rate is coming from 1982 when the system was designed. And since then, what the Chileans have seen is a dramatic improvement in their longevity and also a very important drop in their interest rates. So that is essentially 2 factors that are driving this kind of low replacement ratios right now. And we think that there's a great opportunity in order to really, really improve the system going forward. The pressure on fees is not exactly the point here because it's a little bit confusing for the Chilean system. Fees are being charged on flows, not over AUMs. And if everyone is making a kind of very simple math in order to calculate how much you're charging over AUMs, the Chilean system is a very efficient one and has a very, very, very, I would say, very appropriate changes on -- over AUMs for the entire system.
Luis Valdez: Yes. As probably is also is interesting to comment that Cuprum, in particular, is a pretty mature company. So part of our inflows and outflows are very much more determined because we have, every single month, we have customers that are getting their retirement income products. So Cuprum also pays a lot of benefits. Close to 30,000 clients are receiving their monthly income from Cuprum. So that is part of our natural kind of outflows. Also, other clients are choosing other kind of retirement income products like annuities. And we have an annuity company there. So it isn't in their normal process and pace. I should say that $200 million that we already have.
Luis Valdez: Okay. As Larry mentioned before, one of the main issues that we're facing and the Chilean system is facing there is the coverage in order to go deeper into the middle and low-income segment. And probably, and this is one particular idea, probably one way in order to try to better cover that particular segment, it could be the creation of kind of state-owned AFP or a pension company in order to try to go into that particular segment. But this is still a kind of idea. And the truth is the Chilean government, they have to really better figure out how they can build a much more stronger first pillar. And we don't know yet if within that kind of design and a state-owned AFP is going to be the right solution. But as those comments and the initiatives are going into that particular way to go and to try to tap that unattended market, which is particular is not our market. So we're right far away from that particular market. Cuprum is a premier provider, and is having on average, the highest average salary in the pension system in Chile. So we're kind of away from that problem. And even if that AFP is coming, we think that we're going to be pretty much more isolated from that particular effect.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, that's -- this is Larry. Sean, that's a very good question and perhaps something that as we go forward, we can provide you a little bit more insight on in general. In general, what I would say is that the Mexican encaje is predominantly a fixed income investment. So sort of think 80%, 85%, 90% fixed income. So that's why you saw the negative impact as interest rates in Mexico rose about 150 basis points, pretty much right at the end of the quarter. Again, that's a positive in the long term, but it's a negative in the very, very short term, which is why you see that adjustment. The Chilean encaje is a broader basket. It's a broader basket of fixed income and equity. And even within the equity component, it has some element of, if you will, non-Chilean or more global equities as well as Chilean equities. So think more balanced fund when it comes to the Chilean encaje. But we'll try to perhaps get you more information as to what that makeup is, Sean.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Okay. There's a quite a lot packed in there so -- and I know Dan will want to comment. I would say on the question about the sustainability of the margins, Tom, I think that really, really, really comes down to what any persons or analysts or investors view is of the future kind of economic conditions. I mean, if we continue to see the strong fundamentals that we saw in second quarter, and by strong fundamentals I mean we saw compensation increases -- we, although modest. We saw payroll -- I mean, we saw growth in employment, albeit modest. And we saw a very positive equity market return. So the upshot of that is that the incremental account value coming through is some of the more profitable account value. And I think Terry commented on that during his comments. If you think that's going to continue, if you think that represents the economy that we're going to have in the United States going forward over the next few quarters, then I think you would tend to believe that those margins are more sustainable. If, however, you believe that we may see payroll growth rollover, we may see comp growth rollover, we may see equity markets rollover, then I think you would tend to want to model something where there would be -- you'd see those margins kind of decline. So it's really going to vary based on I think your outlook for the economy in the markets going forward. And I'll let Dan comment and then also handle your second one on sales.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Joanne, this Larry. I just want to jump in with one more general comment, if you'd allow me. And then I think you have another question. But the 401(k) system has taken a lot of criticism over the last few years by some people who I think would have different ideas about how he would construct a healthy retirement system in this country. But I find it very interesting, and as part of this question on recurring deposits, I think we've seen increases in the average deferral rate now. So the deferral rate is the amount the employee is contributing out of their own payroll. And we've seen that average deferral rate increase for something like 8 to 10 to 12 quarters since the financial crisis. So I think there's a strong indication that employees get it relative to the fact that they need to get their deferral rates up to a much higher level. So today, you're talking about an average deferral rate that's kind of in that low 8% range, the 8.2%. And that's up very significantly from what it was, say, before the financial crisis. So I want to get a plug-in here for the fact that I think both employers and plan providers like Principal are doing a much better job of getting people to save up near the levels that they're going to need to be if they're going to have adequate retirement income. And so that's part of what you're seeing in this growth in recurring deposit.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Right. I would agree with that. I would agree with that. And I think the residential mortgage piece, Joanne, I think also plays in that because that's kind of that wealth effect. I think when people feel like the value in their home is at least stable and now is starting to increase, I think again they're more willing to kind of dig in their pocket a little bit deeper for a little increase in that deferral. And the final thing would be we've been using this kind of step-up concept for several years now. And so we're now getting to a point where those step-up contributions, the increase is now coming through because we're 2 and 3 years down the road. So again, what we find is once people commit to the higher level, they commit in advance, they don't go back on that. They actually follow through. And that's another reason you're seeing these deferral rates increase.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Eric, this is Larry. I just want to make one comment on this kind of in defense and support of Jim and PGI. I think when you do compare PGI against margins from other asset managers, you do need to take account of the fact that today, about 60% of PGI's assets are basically transfer-priced to other businesses of the Principal. So whereas when you look at other asset managers, my guess is probably 80% to 100% of their assets are unaffiliated clients. So when you think about the fact that we're sort of working towards 50% unaffiliated, 50% affiliated, and we're still pushing sort of leading-edge margins in PGI, I think they're doing a really nice job of managing expenses along the way.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes. I mean, we've commented many, many, many times that you always want to be careful about taking one quarter and prognosticating that for the future. So I think if you wanted to sort of look at a better estimate of what it might be, you always want to work with trailing 12-month periods rather than work with current quarter periods because there's just naturally going to be some ebb and flow. But I think even if you look at trailing 12 months, you're still getting a number that is in that 30%, 31% kind of range that really does represent best in class. I mean, the bottom line here that I would say, I think, investors and analysts should focus on relative to FSA is not the level of margin in any one place. I think the key message here, and what you should focus on, is the fact that this business model is not broken. This business model has faced a lot of headwinds in the period of time since the financial crisis. But a lot of reports have said, has something happened? Is the model broken? Can it get back to where it was in 2004, '05, '06? And I believe firmly the answer to that is when the economic conditions normalize, when the market conditions normalize, it absolutely can get back to that same sort of growth trend we saw back in those days. And this quarter happens to be a 3-month period where the economy and the markets performed more in line with what was happening in those periods. And you saw very nice returns and you saw very nice margins. And so, again, I would just comment that I think the key thing here is not the kind of current margin level and prognostication. The point is the model works. The growth in earnings is there when the macroeconomic and market conditions allow it to come through.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, we happen to have, Steven, the best Chilean political commentator with us today. And there actually have been some sort of late-breaking developments relative to candidates there in Chile. So maybe I'll just have Luis comment on it.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, thanks again to everybody for joining us for our call today. We're really proud of our second quarter. And we continue to believe our transition to a global retirement and asset management leader with a well-diversified global footprint will produce a significant increase in shareholder value over time. As John commented, we're having our Investor Day in New York City on September 13 at the New York Stock Exchange. And we hope that many of you are going to be able to join us there. So thanks, and have a great day.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, Tom. Just a couple quick comments relative to the growth and some of this was covered in the script. We just can't forget about the fact that the first quarter of '13 enjoyed a 10% rise in the S&P 500, 2.9% for the second quarter of '13. But as you know, we get compensated on the average daily balance, which was up 6%. So we really had some really nice tailwinds relative to revenues for the first -- for the second quarter. We have really good expense management throughout the quarter, very deliberate. And then something that we haven't had a chance to talk about a lot is these reoccurring deposits. As mentioned in the script, it was up 17%. These are strengthening the matching contributions, the profit-sharing contributions. There's increased salary deferrals and increased participation. During this period of time, we just kind of looked at the last trailing 12 months. Net new contracts, they're up 7% or 2,200 contracts. And we've added 215,000 participants during the last 12 months. So you're seeing the inertia of that in-force block business starting to add a lot to our success. You mentioned in your second question around sales and what the positioning is there. We, frankly, have oriented the sales force to more focus on new sales revenue. It was up more than double digit. Again, as opposed to assets, at the same time, our alliance sales continue to be about 61% of our sales. TRS is 45%. And our TPA business that we've talked about on this call for years now is up over 68%. And again, that's a very efficient way for us to administer these programs. The shortfall in sales isn't small to mid. It's on the large side compared this quarter versus the year-ago quarter. We're down about $831 billion in terms of sales. And that speaks in large part to the shortfall. So we like the mix. We like the current fundamentals of the business and feel good about working towards, and continue to maintain those 5-year benchmarks that we had set out relative to margins in net revenue growth. Hopefully that helps.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, Joanne, I think you got that dialed in exactly right. I think that's the kind of the expectation that we would have. There's always that benefit after the 1st of the year where you see people do financial planning. And they make their initiation to participate in a plan or increase their deferral or even possibly change their investment mix. But I would anticipate the balance, latter half of the year looks more like the second quarter.
Daniel J. Houston: No, you're right. It's -- obviously, if we had lower sales and the split of sales was roughly 50-50 between our group annuity contract and our 40 Act funds. And so if you just think about 40 Act funds as having to be 100% expensed, that's where you would see this expense that would've been deferred. So we reach our full year sales goal which we said was roughly flat with the year ago, about $11 billion. We would anticipate we'd have higher sales-related expenses in the second half of the year than we did in the first half.
James Patrick McCaughan: I think the way to really think about this, Joanne, is that there are always in the institutional market going to be mandates flowing in and out. Some of this is a function of changing allocations by institutions. And what you've seen is an allocation away from active core mandates and towards, in our case, active specialties. That means that we're not necessarily going to be seeing positive cash flows every quarter, as the last quarter described. But we are going to be seeing consistent growth of the revenues because those active specialties are on significantly higher fees. So the answer is there could be. And those will tend to be the kind of active core mandates even where performance is good, that institutions are turning away from. But in our case, we believe that the revenue will continue to grow because we are very strong in areas like high-yield, emerging market, debt and equity, real estate, including something that's very active at the moment, which is origination of commercial mortgages. So all of those areas, we think, will lead to a better revenue picture than necessarily you see from the asset flows.
James Patrick McCaughan: Yes. Thanks, Eric. I think the long-term trend in AUM and revenues will obviously depend somewhat on the market change. And that has been a tailwind certainly for the last 6 months. But it doesn't solely depend on that because flows and the change of mix will continue to help us. Just to illustrate that, the quarter we're currently reporting on saw a 14% increase in average AUM across PGI. The revenue is up 19%. I think that's the kind of trend that feels right for the long term. Now obviously, if you didn't see the strength in the equity market, the numbers might've been both down by 3%, 4%, 5%. But remember, we are not so dependent on the equity market given that we have significant alternatives, including real estate, a lot of different fixed-income options, many of which are not really linked into purely the treasury market. So I think that trend is really a decent indicator of the long-term trend. And it's very much in line with what we said last year to our Investor Day in terms of our 5-year expectations. In terms of the margins, sure, the 29% pretax margin in the second quarter is a bit above long-term trend simply because it included $4 million arising from a performance fee. But in all other respect, I think it basically is in line with long-term trend. And what we said last year at Investor Day was we were on a 5-year view as we gain scale and we grow into the expenses we've made, we've got a significant all-expensed investment in growth in Principal Global Investors. As we grow into that and as our new offices and new capabilities generate assets, we will be able to increase profitability towards, we believe, that 30% pretax margin. The fact we almost got there in this quarter is incidental and not sustainable. But on a 3-year view, I do believe that, that 30% will prove to be sustainable as we develop our scale and our higher added value products. Hope that helps, Eric.
James Patrick McCaughan: Yes. It's approximately $1 billion. Whether it was always going to happen anyway or not, I wouldn't want to make a judgment on. But the account had performed pretty well, but they decided to take it back to one of their own teams. And that's always a hazard with sub-advisory mandates.
