Dan Houston: Yeah. Good question, Ryan appreciate it, and good morning. With that, I'll just have Deanna help out on some of the accounting questions here.
Dan Houston: It's not only early, it's way early. But I will tell you this, and I'm going to flip it to Renee and have her maybe expand on your question a little bit Ryan. But frankly from our perspective, the conversations with Wells Fargo clients, their consultants, the advisors, the employees have gone exceedingly well. They understand the rationale behind the transaction. I think we've been able to get employees comfortable with the idea that these locations are going to remain open, and those jobs remain there and the other thing we find out is that you're going find out so much during due diligence, but we've been in front of a lot of clients now, and there is a very strong relationship between the relationship manager in the home office counterparts with these large clients. And so we feel very good about where we're at. But I would like to have Renee maybe expand a little bit on that. You've been out talking to so many of these clients Renee, you and Jerry Anderson.
Dan Houston: Equally as important to the financials, I would also tell you Humphrey, that we are very much on track with where we thought these initiatives would be in terms of their development in particular around improving the customer experience, tools related to helping the equity managers analyze stock opportunities better, and that's being tested with very favorable results. Tim could be happy to get into that if you'd like. And then lastly, the ability to better data -- manage our data and put it into the proper perspective to help us better serve the customer. So it is an investment worth making and equally as important. We're on track with where we thought we would be.
Dan Houston: Yeah, I can assure you, Jimmy, our enthusiasm for the second half of the year's isn't just relying on one particular plan as Tim was framing. The pipeline is good of commitments, and again remember PGI gets fed by a lot of the other businesses here within the organization. So again, our optimism is coming from more than just -- more than just the New Mexico plan. As for trying to speculate exactly what that number would be that probably wouldn't be the wisest thing for me to do on this call.
Dan Houston: Yeah. And that's exactly right. I think the big takeaway is we want to make sure that Wells Fargo clients, and their consultants if they're happy with what they currently have we want to honor and respect that. But I will tell you that in working closely with the relationship managers, they are incredibly enthusiastic about some of the investment options that are available, starting with real estate. Some of these are options that weren't otherwise readily available. So we will continue the knowledge transfer to the relationship managers, and the sales professionals, and those prospective clients, and consultants, on the capabilities and skills that we have in these investment areas. And so we remain optimistic, just like we do in our existing value proposition to our clients, that we have great skills and capabilities across a number of these asset classes, and we'll be having those conversations. But by no means, will they have to move over. It will be simply discussion, and presenting these options to these prospective clients.
Dan Houston: Well, you know, when I think about the evolution of our asset management company, it starts with the fact that we have so many asset raising capabilities embedded within the organization, whether it's the life company, or the mutual fund a capabilities, annuities, retirement, etc. We deliberately have gone out within the last 20 years to build an institutional asset management business, which by its very nature tends to be a little bit more lumpy larger mandates. What I have found frankly the most refreshing over that period of time is how independently fixed income, equities, real estate alternatives, both domestic, international, have grown and are appealing to all of those client types of that I just mentioned. And maybe with that Tim, you can help us explain the lumpy nature of mandates versus these other opportunities are more consistently flowing in.
Dan Houston: And to that point some of the stated maturities. And that's been some of the lumpiness the last couple of years where it was expected and was going to expire. Did you have a quick follow-up? Okay.
Dan Houston: Thank you. Josh, I apologize if you did have a follow-up, gives a call. We'll make sure to get to you. I appreciate everyone taking the time today. We do very much like the way we've gone out capital deployment. These last 12 months we are very bullish as you can take from this call. On the Wells Fargo IRT business, we really are as enthusiastic today as we were when we first started working on the opportunity. Expense discipline is a big part of what we have done in the past. We'll continue to stay focused on that. I'm very excited about talking in more detail in the future about these digital initiatives, and how they're helping our customers. And then lastly, as you could pick up from the tone of the divisional presidents, latter half of the year for us looks quite good and we like the pipeline, we like the growth in the economy, and where these businesses going. So again thank you for your confidence in the organization. Look forward to seeing you on the road soon. Thank you.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. So when we say neutral in the second half of '19, and slightly positive in 2020 that does exclude one-time transaction costs and integration costs. But it does include the earnings impact from any amortization of intangibles, as well as the additional debt expense that will reside in corporate.
Deanna Strable: Yeah, I'll take you back to what we talked about at both the Investor Day and outlook call at the end of last year. If you remember when we announced the digital investment, we said from '17 to '18 we would have about a 2% drag on our earnings growth. What we said as we came into 2019, was the net impact to earnings would be very similar in '18 versus '19. Our investment actually goes up, but that increase in investment is actually offset by the beginning of the benefits. So benefit some of them do run through the expense line. But some of them run through the revenue line. And so again on the dollar amount of earnings, the impact in '18 and '19, are very similar, how they -- how it comprises by segment may be a little bit different, but from a percentage growth perspective pretty neutral between '18 and '19.
Deanna Strable: Yeah, thanks for the question. I think we did hear last night, and your question says that people thought our net investment income looked a little higher whether it being spread or within all of the US businesses. But actually, when -- I actually think it holds together pretty well. Once you adjust for variable investment income and you take into the account the growth we've seen in the general account or the spread business from a year ago. So our spread average JV is up 11% on a trailing 12 month basis, 12% from a year ago. And actually if you look at our variable investment income, it's up maybe 15% quarter-over-quarter, but 12% on a trailing 12 month basis. So it's not that significant, we off of the growth in that business. I like to look at that on a longer period of time, as any one quarter can have some anomalies in it. For example, last quarter we did say that variable investment income was slightly below our expectations, but not enough to call out in any one period. So I think that is influencing that as well. Going forward, there could be some slight pressure on the amount of net investment income that we have if interest rates stay at the current lower level. But I think once you adjust for variable investment income, the growth in net investment income is tracking pretty darn close to the growth in the business.
Deanna Strable: Yeah, I'll actually take you back to our rules of thumb that we have talked about and it was actually included in the slide deck that we put out there. And so that rule of thumb on earnings is a 100 basis point decline in rates has less than a 1% impact on our overall earnings. Obviously, that could be more significant in the spread business and the Life business, but because of our mix of business, it's less than 1%. The other thing I would say that I think it's really critical, and we said it in our prepared remarks, if you look at our new money yield today, it's pretty darn close to what our portfolio yield is. And so that's going to have less pressure on our overall earnings impact than if there was a big differential between that portfolio rate, and that new money rates. I think it's very, very manageable. You could see some impact, but I think relative to our peers that impact is muted.
Renee Schaaf: Absolutely, Ryan. Thank you for your call, and your question. When we take a look at where we're at with this integration as Dan mentioned, we are really pleased with the progress that we've made so far and the warm reception that we've received from Wells Fargo IRT employees, the clients, advisors and consultants. And I think it really starts with the strong collaboration that we have between the Wells Fargo IRT team, and the Principal team. Joe Ready, representing the Wells Fargo IRT team and Jerry Patterson, leading the charge on the Principal team have really created a tone of teamwork and collaboration right off at the start. And what that allows us to do is to come out to the marketplace in a very cohesive fashion. And one of the things that really helps us with this transition is the fact that we have a relatively long transition period baked into this deal. So we anticipate being able to transition clients, and employees in a very thoughtful, and planned way over the course of the next 18 months. And as we consider this integration, were really looking towards four guiding principles. First is to make sure that we provide seamless customer service, and minimize any disruption to clients. And in order to do that, of course, as Dan mentioned, it's critical that we take care of the talent, and welcoming the Wells Fargo IRT employees to our team is central to that. As Dan mentioned, we have committed to key locations that Wells Fargo IRT employees are currently working from and we've also integrated the leadership team. So now we have a very good representation of Wells Fargo IRT, and Principal both leading the charge . What that allows us to do then is to identify what are the best features of both their business models and to integrate those thoughtfully so that when we come to the marketplace we have capabilities that surpass either organization prior to this acquisition. So we're very optimistic, we're very confident in our ability to integrate this well, and we look forward to strengthening our growth and meeting customer needs in the future.
Renee Schaaf: Yeah, absolutely. So, Andrew if you look at current quarter over prior year quarter, and you look at the net revenue line, and you make all the adjustments for the significant variances that we've called out, you will see that fees are generally down about $4 million and that creates a -- if you compare the net revenue growth to about the 8% average account value growth, you do see a gap there. And that gap is running between 8% to 9% depending on the period that you're looking at. That's a fairly typical gap that we see. About 1% to 2% is going to be as a result of commissions going to fee based agreements. And in fact if you look on a quarter over prior year quarter basis, that pressure is about 1.5% the remainder of the gap then is exactly what Dan identified and it's not a typical from what we've seen in previous quarters. It represents fee pressures coming from a very competitive environment, coming from open architecture, passive investments, and sheer mix of business that we have. And so there is nothing that surprising there and concerning. And as Dan mentioned, we've done a very thoughtful and careful job of managing expenses as a result. So nothing that's surprising there, and we feel good about this quarter.
Renee Schaaf: Yeah. So if you look at -- you're absolutely right. If you look at what has been happening on the fees as a percentage, or as a basis point -- expressed as a basis points, you do see about a one basis point drop per quarter. And again that's very consistent with the conversations in the past. We do believe that the trends that we see in the marketplace will continue for the foreseeable future. What will happen though is adding the Wells Fargo IRT business to the next helps us with scale. And it not only helps us with scale, and gives us the ability to reinvest in our business, to make us more competitive, and to do even a better job of meeting, plan, sponsor and participant needs. But it also rounds out our capabilities, particularly in the non-retirement trust and custody lines, and again, giving us access to a really, really talented group of staff. So I think we -- we're confident about our future, but the industry pressure is there, certainly, but the acquisition helps on a great deal to position us for growth and profitability in the future.
Renee Schaaf: Absolutely. So if you look at the -- If you look at 2018 and you look at the number of opportunities or the size of the opportunities as they came to the market. It was about $27 billion market, our industry-wide. We think we're actually seeing that there is a possibility we may be on pace for that, or maybe slightly more as an industry, or as a total market in 2019. And we're fully prepared to take advantage of the opportunities. We'll remain very selective. You'll see us be very disciplined on the risk that we take, and the way that we approach these opportunities. But the pipeline is strong, our position is good and we remain focused in the $5 million to $1 billion range of opportunities. And as Dan mentioned, our success to date is not heavy weighted towards any one transaction. It's a very nice basket of sales that are right in our niche, right in our target market. So we're very pleased with the results.
Tim Dunbar: Sure, thanks Humphrey for the question. And I think there are a number of reasons why we're optimistic about the second half of the year. And as Dan said it does really start with producing the right investment performance, and providing the right solutions to our clients. I think we talked quite a lot about really trying to change our approach and develop a strong relationship, make sure that we have solutions for the client in our macro environment. I think that's really starting to take hold. I'd say as well we talked about some of the changes we've made to the distribution structure. So new leadership, really trying to align incentives when our customers win and when we win, making sure that we have the right talent. And so we've actually brought in a fair amount of talent from the outside. And what we're starting to see us some really positive results of that. And what that's meant is that it's really starting to build in terms of our pipeline. So if we look at our mandates one, but not yet funding that pipeline is really strong. If we look at placements of our products on platforms, that pipeline is really strong. And then just behind that, we're seeing really a lot of interest across a large number of our strategies. So we're feeling really good about that. Now I'd tell you that it's difficult to call exactly how mandates come in, and how they fund. The 529 plan Dan mentioned will come in the fourth quarter. But we do believe that through the end of the year we will be positive in net cash flow. Work -- more work to do, we have a lot of initiatives related to retention, and we're going to continue to focus on that as well. But again, pretty optimistic about second half of the year.
Tim Dunbar: Yeah, I know. Thanks Suneet. I think investment performance we've seen continue to improve throughout 2019. So as Dan mentioned, the fourth quarter was a tough quarter for us. And you saw the investment performance debt. But I do think that what we're producing our asset management solutions that are for the longer term. So for the most part, our clients are looking at those long-term numbers and both the three year numbers, the 66% of the solutions, and AUM in the second and first quartile. And then 83% for five years, we think is really good investment performance. And again like I said before, we think it's resonating with our -- with our clients and we're providing the right solutions and the right performance to them.
Tim Dunbar: Sure. I would say each mandate is quite different and it depends on the asset class that it comes in to. So the big mandate that went out, was an investment grade fixed income mandate. Obviously, those are going to be lower fees. The new mandate coming in on the 529, actually most of the assets will flow into the mutual funds. And so you would see those coming in at similarly attractive fees. I think within our investment management franchise as Dan said, we have a very diverse portfolio of capabilities. And so what we see our pressure in some areas, like with active equities. And certainly, there has been some pressure on fees coming down in the move to passive. But we have some specialty capabilities as well. So think about our real estate capabilities, think about our preferred security capabilities, high yield. We're still seeing good fee levels on those. And so, in any given quarter, in any given year, those are going to be a bit lumpy and change. And I think one thing that we'll do going forward is to try to give you more color on what those big mandates and big flows look like, and how you should think about the revenue coming in off of those both on the way in, but also on the way out.
Luis Valdes: Okay, thanks. Hi, Jimmy. Let me start to put in some comments about Brazil and their pension reform. They're making progress. First time ever, there were making insurance program. The Congress, they do have a pension deal under discussion for approval at the Congress level. That pension bill has been approved by some of the most important committees at the lower chamber, so they -- they are making important improvements in that sense. Most of that pension bill is related in order to reshape their pillar or one, their social security system, very compulsory of their story. If the pension bill is going to be approved as it is, I would say that the immediate impact is that is going to reinforce and to accelerate the growth of the voluntary pension business, second pillar, and third pillar in Brazil. So I wouldn't say that even though that pension bill is not addressing any particular issue for the voluntary market, that it's going to reinforce the idea that Brazilians, they have to save more, because essentially the benefits out of the Pillar one are going to be lower going forward. So the good news for Brazil, good news for the pension industry. In general terms, that is about Brazil. And let me comment, our net customer cash growth in general terms about Chile. If you let me start saying that picture with conventional continue having the formidable and well-diversified portfolio. And as you have heard we have just reported 43 consecutive quarter of positive net customer cash flows. And the total of those AUMs is $76 billion in all those years. Among these countries Chile and particularly Cuprum, has effectively reported negative net customer cash flows, and the reasons are essentially three. So the number one is that we are facing some short-term lower investment performance relative to some of our peers. And that is affecting our commercial activities and is putting some pressure on our ability to retain some assets and clients. This is a very competitive environment, Jimmy, and it is very important to keep in mind that -- to clarify also that we're not an outlier in Europe net investment performance, and with most of our funds, the difference in terms of performance between us, and the top performers is no more than 50 up to 60 basis points out of -- and the average investor return up to more than 7% as of today. So we're working on that. The problem is fixable and judging with Team Dapper and Pigam we're putting a lot of effort and resources to work on that. The second thing those affecting the competitive environment there, is that we have more fits on the streets. As long as the industry has increased the number of salespeople in 14% relative to a year ago. Our sales force remained constant and we're working on that in order to refine, you know the size of our sales force today. the third each of that we are implementing some changes in our sales and commercial areas. But in the short term for a good reason sometimes is affecting our Cuprum sales productivity in some areas of -- in Chile. In all of those are the three areas, we are working and panel innovation 52:50 in order to move Cuprum and it positive terrain. if you allow me, it's important to say something about Chile. Chile is in this particular quarter, in local currency, reporting, the highest total AUMs that we have had historically in Chile for Cuprum and for our voluntary business. So from historical stand point of view, we are today managing more assets for our clients than at any given point of our history. That fact in particular is keeping us very optimistic about the gross from prospect for Chile.
Luis Valdes: Yeah, thanks for your question Eric. And if you're looking now, we are trailing 12 month basis. What we have reported, it looks like a minus 1%, the greatest was zero, if you're adding some FX. But if you are just adding the actual assumption changes and FX, immediately you're going in a positive to bring a 7% growth in our TTM basis for our net combined net revenues, which is pretty much more in line about our guidance.
Luis Valdes: Neither for FX. I mean, FX is the most important part of, you know, there is a kind of a comparison in the reported basis. In the FX in place $65 million negative in the trailing 12 months for PI.
