Renee Schaaf: Yeah, absolutely. And Ryan, thank you for that question. When we look at the spread operating earnings throughout 2021, we’re very pleased with the results, of course and they were strengthened by very – very positive net investment income. We also saw slightly better non-COVID experience play out through the year. We will give you more guidance in terms of what to expect in 2022 in the upcoming Outlook Call. But the one thing that I would like to remind you of is that, we remain very disciplined and how we manage this block of business. We’re very careful about the risks that we take on to make sure that our pricing discipline which creates the kinds of returns that we would expect long-term. So, thank you for that question.
Renee Schaaf: Yes, okay. Yeah, so let me explain what we’ve done with the suite deposits. As you’ll recall, when we announced this transaction – the acquisition of the IRT block of business, the suite deposits were tied very closely to the IOER rates. And, of course, IOER rates quickly went to zero, which had an impact of about $70 million to $80 million of revenue. In the last half of 2021, we purposefully reached out to The Trust & Custody blocks of business and began to convert those deposits accounts on to a Principal deposit suite program that essentially move those deposits onto our balance sheet. And so now we are – we generate revenue on those deposits through net interest margin. The impact of this on our annual run rate basis is about $40 million in additional revenue, which helps significantly to shore up the financials for the IRT block of business. So, we will again give you guidance on this in the – in the Outlook Call for 2022. But so far to this point, we’ve had about $2 billion of suite deposits come onto our balance sheet.
Renee Schaaf: Yeah, absolutely. Thank you, Dan. When you look at fourth quarter, fourth quarter was impacted by seasonally higher contract withdrawals. And of course, as already mentioned, strong equity markets tend to have an adverse impact on net cash flows, because of the impacts specifically on withdrawals. When we think about net cash flow, I think it’s helpful to look at a trailing 12-month basis to – to eliminate some of the impact of seasonality. And so – so to Dan’s point, when you look at transfer deposits for the trailing 12-month period, they were up 87% over 2020. So a very strong results. And it reflects that our value proposition continues to resonate in the marketplace. And that goes across small, mid and large plants. So our – our established footprint is really paying off and it’s generating those important transfer deposits. From a recurring deposit perspective on a trailing 12-month basis, we’re seeing recurring deposits up 40% year-over-year. When you isolate and you peel back the onion, you see that the legacy Principal business had an increase in recurring deposits of about 15%. And if you take that 15% and you drill down even further, there are two primary factors that are creating this very positive and strong recurring deposit result. The first is simply the increase in the deferrals themselves. That’s about a third of that – of that 15% and the rest of it is an increase in the number of participants in our block. So then you take a look at the withdrawals, and of course, this is where strong equity markets tend to have a really – a negative impact on net cash flows. So, the way to look at it then to help put that into context is to take your withdrawals and express that as a percent of average account values. When you do that for 2021, you see that withdrawals were 14% of average account values. That compares favorably to what we saw in 2020, which was a 15% withdrawal rate. And as Dan mentioned in his comments to start, we see record – the best in the past 10 years in terms of contract retention. So we’re very pleased with results, we think the under – underlying fundamentals of this business remain very strong –
Renee Schaaf: Yeah. So the – the earnings that we will capture on these deposits are a function of the net interest margins. And so it’s going to be less sensitive to short-term interest rates overall. But more importantly, it – it simply gives us, it restores a revenue – revenue stream that we had lost when it was attached to IOER rates.
Renee Schaaf: That – that’s correct, because we have $2 billion of those deposits, a little over $2 billion, on our balance sheet right now. That’ll increase a little bit in 2022. There’s a little bit more to come over. But we’ll provide guidance on what 2022 will look like in the – upcoming Outlook Call.
Dan Houston: Ryan, appreciate the questions. That’s a good example of Renee and her team looking at some of the challenges on the IRT block, and ways to leverage current capabilities of Principal, in this case, Principal Bank to receive those deposits and add more value to shareholders. So, we really feel good about the innovation and the creativity of the team to get us to a healthier spot. Thank you.
Dan Houston: Yeah. You know it’s exciting because that certainly fits with our strategy of exiting the retail portion of life and doubling down on the business life insurance and we see that as a real growth opportunity. Amy, more details, please.
Dan Houston: Yeah, hi Alex. Really appreciate the question. And there’s been sort of two bites of the apple, if you will, in Mexico, because they had codified a new set of rules on what the fee structures could be and then what the change look, frankly, the stroke of a pen, they adjusted on even further downward. And so we’re well under way to aligning expenses with future revenues, we had a path that was charted in terms of, as you pointed out, growing our AUMs at lower basis points. And now we’re sort of back at the table again, looking at our expenses to ensure that we can align those expenses with the new projected revenues. All of that is to say, we still believe that the Mexican [ORA] [ph] business is one worth investing in and continuing to be part of scale matters, capabilities matter, we do have a differentiated capability. And we – as you know, we’ve streamlined some of the operations down there with the divestiture of our life and annuity business that we mentioned last week on our call. And when we get to the 2022 Outlook call on March 2nd, we’ll provide you with a little bit more color on PI and some of those challenging spots. But again, we feel that it’s a business that we can continue to participate in. Appreciate the question.
Dan Houston: Yeah. You know, I think the reality is, there’s – there’s been a lot of discussion around pension reform in Chile. And as you may have already – and also noticed, they did pass a universal guaranteed pension, which is going to really help out sort of on pillar zero making sure that lower income Chileans have a bit of more certainty about their retirement income. There seems to be support for the AFP model. We’ve been participating heavily, Roberto Walker, who leads our Latin American operations as well as right – located right there in Santiago, Chile. There’s some you know recent statistics that we found very helpful. There were 28 million distributions that took place as part of that hardship, and that was $50 billion that went back into the hands of Chileans, and there’s been a lot of survey work that’s been done about AFPs and their viability. But right now, we know that 92% of Chileans favor keeping their pension savings in an individual account. And we know that 73% of Chileans want to choose their own pension provider. So the ongoing dialogue with the regulators and the government is around, how do we peacefully coexist and ensuring that the AFP model continues to be in the private sector supporting the needs of the – of the people of Chile and so again, those conversations are ongoing. It isn’t without its challenges, but we feel as if there are options available to Principal and we’ll continue to refine that work. We have a lot of work going on to look at what is the most successful path forward for our customers is also recognizing the impact it has on our – on our shareholders. Hopefully that’s helpful.
Dan Houston: Yeah, thanks for the question, Jimmy. You know, I’d be remiss if I just didn’t call out specifically how the strong underlying fundamentals are of this business, whether it’s – Hello? Okay –
Dan Houston: Yeah. So we’re dissecting every one of those suggested proposals. And the reality is, today, there are a lot of ideas that are floated in the market, one might put more constraints, if it – if it remains a private system, where you could have more constraints on the actual charges that you could make. There’s all the way to the range of where the government would have a competing AFP system. So there are probably a half a dozen different ideas ranging all the way from no change, the AFP stays at it is to a complete government run AFP, and as I said, choices in between. The job of the industry and the job of Principal is to work with the elected officials and the regulators to find a sensible solution. And as I said earlier, the universal pension solution that has already been enacted, the guaranteed pension, I think it has helped where some of the concern was for lower income individuals, it does go a long way in helping provide them with a base. And now the question is, how do we modify AFP to meet the needs of – of everyone? Hopefully that helps, Jimmy.
Dan Houston: Thanks, Josh. You know, one thing is for sure that’s happening out there right now is, with wage inflation. There’s also the built in benefit that the value of life insurance goes up, the disability goes up. And employers are trying to attract retain talent and benefits have historically and continue to be a way to differentiate out there. Next question, please.
Dan Houston: Yeah. So in Chile, it’s actually – in – let’s talk specifically around Cuprum, it’s about 4% of our earnings on just Cuprum and we’ll get back to on the capital allocation. But again, I think we’re a long way from – from that as it relates to sort of a doomsday approach. We think there is a lot of road to travel. We have, as I said earlier, Andrew, we had some very helpful dialogue with government officials and legislators. And again, with the passage of the universal guaranteed pension product, we think there is a viable path. Again, having said that, we’re not pollyannish we’re looking at all possible outcomes. And we’ll continue to manage that effectively, and as things change and become more clear, we’ll be sure to update in investors. Appreciate the question.
Dan Houston: Yeah, thank you. And again, appreciate everyone tuning in this morning. I think what you’ve seen in the most recent quarter and year is strong results. And it was benefited from being in the fee, the spread and the risk businesses focused in on the business markets. Again, as I said in my earlier prepared comments, we think that the strategic review was very helpful and focusing our attention on high growth markets and opportunities across each of those areas. And again, we’re very pleased with the capital deployment, from the dividend to the share buyback to the acquisitions, as we, you know, see the value of IRT. So, we’ll look forward to visiting with all of you on March the 2nd, when we’ll have our Outlook Call and we appreciate your – your input and your insights. Thank you, have a great day.
Pat Halter: Yeah, thanks. Thanks for the question, John and as Dan mentioned, real estate is a big part of that growth in the outs AUM, as you probably know, we’re one of the top real estate investment managers globally in terms of the size of our real estate footprint and the size of the assets under management we have. And we’ve seen, like a lot of other alternative managers, really grow their real estate capabilities and their real estate presence. And we have continue to see some very, very strong deposits, some very strong ability to take the dry powder of our clients’ commitments and deploy that into the marketplace and continues to see some very, very strong new commitments of capital from clients that we either serve today or new clients that we’re generating a new relationship with. So, you’ll probably continue to see and hear more of the growth story around real assets – private equity, real estate assets and private debt real estate assets as a part of our growth engine going forward, John.
Pat Halter: Yeah. So, Alex, appreciate the question. First let me start with just on the revenue side. We have, I think a broad depth of specialist investment capabilities. So I feel very good about the diversification of our revenue streams and diversification of the solutions we can offer to the clients throughout the world, whether it’s retail, retirement or institutional. So, I feel good about the revenue sort of side of the equation. Relative to the margins, as – as you heard in our sort of discussions, we continue to see some very strong margins north of 40%. I think you know 2022 will be a year where we’re going to try to continue to maintain strong margins, we’ll probably at the Outlook Call discuss margins going forward in terms of what we see. But we’re going to continue to – to absolutely manage our business very aggressively, in terms of both generating growth, with that very depth and broad depth of specialist investment capabilities we offer to the marketplace, but also to continue to have very strong expense management discipline. That being said, Alex, we will continue to invest for growth. We’re developing a very strong alternative credit platform in terms of private credit to the marketplace. And we’re very excited about that platform, what may mean in terms of revenue growth in the future, we are investing in talent, you highlighted wage – wage increases and we’re not immune to that. But we believe we need to continue to invest and continue to nurture new talent within the organization. And that will be a very keen focus for us. If you may recall in December, we actually were noted again for the 10th straight year as best places to work in money management. We’re one of only five asset managers in the globe that have achieved that recognition for 10th straight years. So we’re very proud of the fact that we can attract and retain talent. And we’re going to continue to – to aspire for that in the future.  We’ll continue to invest in new technology to make sure that our client experience continues to be very strong. So we will continue to be investing for growth and for the retention of a very important client experience going forward. So, I feel good about the – the year ahead. And for those reasons, Alex, hopefully has helped you in terms of our story as we think about profitability and sustainability organization.
Pat Halter: Yeah, Tom. I – I think you know from my perspective, I’d like to broaden the discussion a little bit, because to – to Dan’s point, we really want to make sure that we are intense – intentionally very nimble in terms of the capabilities we can offer to the marketplace, as Dan mentioned, in all seasons. We do have, in general, a – a high quality growth volumes in our equity platforms. But we do have capabilities that are – diversified in terms of philosophy, diversified in terms of approach and our original sort of intention to create a boutique model in terms of different investment teams that operate a different and unique philosophy approach and process within the organization, I think has served us well to be quite nimble in terms of different markets. I would also sort of suggest to you though, that there is still a very strong interest in fixed income investment capabilities. And a suite of investment capabilities that we still offer in the marketplace are still very viable. So for instance in the fourth quarter, one of our largest institutional flows was in emerging market debt. One additional sort of very large flow again in the fourth quarter institutional side was high yield. So we continue to see some very strong interests in some of the more sort of higher returning unique investment capabilities in fixed income. And then as I mentioned earlier, there is absolute significant growth going on in the broader private markets. And we are pivoting and positioning ourselves to build upon our strong, very deep credit analytics to offer more private capabilities going forward, more solutions in that space. So, I think we’re in a good place, both on the equity side, on the fixed income side and in the alternative side, Tom.
Amy Friedrich: Yeah. So thanks for the question, John. We do see COLI as a great opportunity. And as you know, we’ve built up a huge market-leading position in – in terms of being experts in the non-qualified marketplace. So whether that non-qualified funding, and again, that’s going to be part of our TRS suite, and it’s going to help our Retirement business as well as our USIS business. And so that knowledge is built on not only knowing what COLI business or Insurance products, we can put in place to help fund those plants, but also giving them alternatives for mutual funds and other – other pieces of business. So, when we look at that COLI opportunity, where we’ve really distinguished ourselves is, we are consultants in that marketplace, we tend to know that marketplace best, we tend to also know the insurance placement products the best as well in the industry. So again, with our new narrowed focus on the business market and employer opportunities for life insurance, expect to hear more from us in terms of COLI production.
Amy Friedrich: Yeah, thanks for the question. And – and I agree. When you look across the industry, Principal’s block that we’ve built in Specialty Benefits really is a positive outlier. And what I would go back to is, you know, sometimes this isn’t one factor, but a collection of factors. I think Dan’s already hit on one of them which is that small market focus. What that means is, we’re not always doing competing against another company for takeover. But sometimes we’re establishing some of these benefits for the first time. When you’re establishing a benefit for the first time, you often are in a position you can help consult, you can actually help the broker or an advisor, get educated about these products and you can help that business owner get educated. So with that education and with that consulting side of the practice on building new market, you also get a relationship established, and that relationship tends to pay off. We mentioned, existing cases in terms of how much we’re penetrating in terms of number of products per case, when you look at 2020, we had in our existing cases, 2.66 average number of products, when you look at 2021, that’s gone up to 2.75. That is unique in the industry as well. And so, when you look at our ability to have multiple products that we touch, to have disciplined pricing and underwriting, strong claims management and then limited concentration risks, often because of that small to medium size focus, we have the ability to grow, but to do so in a way that has really stable results. So when I look at the industry it probably is, those collection of things that make us a bit different than everybody else.
Amy Friedrich: Sure, happy to do that. Thanks, Josh. So, I think you know we’ll get after again, Dan said some of this in the – in the Outlook Call. But when I look at kind of pipeline and I look at reestablishing sort of the pre-pandemic baseline, you had characterized some things around dental vision and life and disability. And here’s the way I would – I would think about it. Dental and Vision and life and disability as well as our, what I would consider sort of supplemental and worksite products, all play a role in meeting our employer-customer needs. So, some of the things that we look at is, what benefit design are they trying to fill? Sometimes they’re looking after dental and vision first, because they’re the most utilized benefits, sometimes they’re doing something different in terms of life and disability. What we’ve seen post-pandemic is the heightened awareness of needing life and disability coverage has kind of brought those to the forefront. So we’re seeing small employers almost start the conversation there and then fill in with some of the other benefits. The piece I would pull some attention to, is, we are going to continue to see build up in our portfolio of those things that are more worksite or – pure voluntary-based. So accident and critical illness, those pieces get reported through that disability line today. And we’re going to continue to see them make good progress as they position in our portfolio. So one other things that probably doesn’t get as much attention is sort of that voluntary or worksite portfolio, we’ve been quietly and slowly building up those capabilities. And we see those as a potential future margin expansion opportunity, as well as of high interest to our customer base.
