Daniel Joseph Houston: Very good. Thanks, Jim. And, Erik, just one other comment I'll make relative to PGI, that gives me a lot of confidence about, Jim's recovering on the revenue line there, we still have very strong investment performance. Those three-year and five-year numbers are very strong, and if you look across the asset classes, again, whether it's fixed income, alternatives, real estate or equities, very strong performance in each one of those. And very broad distribution, both proprietary distribution, as well as third-party distribution. So a lot of very positive momentum behind Principal Global Investors to work with the rest of the organization. With that, we'll take the next question, operator.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah, Ryan, I think what we want to do is be very smart about how we manage our expenses relative to our ability to increase revenues, do away with products and services customers are no longer willing to pay for. And then also ensure that we're making those proper investments, as Jim was describing, with that as a backdrop, I'll have Terry add some additional detail.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah, be happy to do that. And I got to tell you, Steven, I just want to make a couple more comments on DOL more broadly, just to set the tone, in addition to my earlier prepared comments. We just can't, as a country, lose the fact that we've amassed $15 trillion in roll-over IRA's, 401(k)s. Another $7 trillion in defined benefit. There's $22 trillion in this country, which arguably would make it the most successful retirement system anywhere in the world. Secondly, the DOL, I believe their intentions are good. When I think about the intent of the law, it's to protect the interest of the U.S. retirement savers. It's about creating transparency around cost and benefits and value. It's also about making sure we have access to the competitive marketplace. There are some unintended consequences, and it's what Deanna will respond to in just a minute, relative to working with advisors. There's a view that the robo-solution solves all problems for small account balance holders. That's just not the case. And so, we have some more work to do there. The second is, we want to make sure that we're not creating barriers that reduce the number of advisors that have in the past, and will in the future, provide important education to individuals and to savers. And then, we also want to make sure that we don't limit the number of individualized solutions that we can present to planned participants. They're very dependent on that enroller, if you will. So with that as a backdrop, I'll ask Deanna to weigh in on the implications on Principal Advisor Network, and how we might have to do things slightly differently.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah, levelized commissions have been in place, Steven, for a long time. This is Dan. Levelized commissions have been in place for a long time. And I think it's only on the margin that we've had any additional sort of compensation, and that's going to be rationalized across the entire industry. And so, again, I don't see that as an impediment to the Principal Advisor Networks to continue going about doing what they do today, which is taking care of the customers and the participants.
Daniel Joseph Houston: I think that is on a very limited basis. And the way I would describe that is, already within our call centers, we are providing information, we're providing some education, and we're not dispensing advice. As you know, our wholesalers work with independent third-party administrators. They work with wire houses, and all of our alliance partners to distribute our product. We don't sell these plans on a direct basis. It's the advisor who would be acting in the capacity of the fiduciary, in order to help them pick and choose the investments in these plans, so... Go ahead.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah. Good question. Let me add – Nora, is going to weigh in here and provide some additional color for you on that specific question.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Sure. Sean, thanks for the question this morning. Terry's a tough guy to replace. We all know that. And we do have a search going on for both internal and external candidates. There is a, what I would consider to be a really good pool of candidates out there. We'll have a board meeting later in May, at which I'll provide an update to the board on progress that we're making towards that end. But Terry's committed to staying on board as long as it takes, in order to get the new person appropriately aligned and on board here at Principal. So, again, we feel very good about where we're at today in that search process.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Well, the first thing I would say is you never know what level the stock is ever going to trade at. And so, again, we're very disciplined on how we go about executing on the share repurchase. Remember that we had an older share authorization that had been in place, which we completed, and so that was roughly $86 million --
Daniel Joseph Houston: $75 million. And so good progress was made in closing out the previous authorization. We still have a lot of dry powder from here. But with that, I'll throw it over to Terry to add some additional color.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Suneet. Appreciate that. I'll make a couple of comments and throw it over to Nora. Clearly, there is a lot of questions being asked today in the qualified retirement plan market, with all of the DOL overhang, that's starting to consume, I think, a lot of people's time as they advise their clients on what's transpiring. Because this, as you know, has hit mainstream media in terms of the issues. We did an outstanding job in the current quarter retaining clients. We did a nice job acquiring clients. Strong investment performance certainly helped contribute to that success. Having said that, again, net cash flow was healthy for us, but these are things that are a little bit lumpy. And I'll have Nora kind of weigh in now and talk about some of that lumpiness and her views broadly on the FSA line.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Suneet, this is Dan. Just a couple of comments. The TRS, the total retirement suite still is a very, very powerful tool for the Principal that can differentiate value from pure 401(k) players. And so that again is a differentiator – frozen defined benefits, deferred compensation, ESOP had a nice quarter here. So that is a nice differentiator. The other point I'd make is, because it was this generalization of large-case pricing, there are so many components that go into the pricing of a large plan. How many payroll centers, what is the current penetration rate relative to participant involvement, what is the customized communications package. All of those variables go into it. So when we lose a plan or win a plan, it's because we've done the homework behind the scenes to understand exactly what kind of resources are going to have to be deployed against that plan. So that's why at any given time you could lose a plan or win a plan. But, again, we like the model that we have. We think it resonates in the marketplace, and our retention rates would imply that those large plans appreciate it. Hopefully that helps.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah, again, I'll have Luis clean this up. We're benefited because we operate not only in Latin America, but we also operate in Asia, and we're leveraging much of what Tim or Jim brings, relative to institutional asset management to those PI countries. I'm also encouraged by some of the recovery that's happening in some of the countries like Brazil, where you see their equity markets in the first quarter recovering by almost 12%, or up 15%, and the currency has recovered by approximately 12%. So I think there are some signs that these emerging countries are going through the process. Although they still show negative GDP in some cases, there is some sign that there is new capital being infused in those countries, and things are bouncing back. But to your specific question on net cash flow, I'll defer to Luis to answer that.
Daniel Joseph Houston: John, one thing that gives me a little bit of comfort about the net cash flows in emerging markets is, they are still that. In the U.S., some of this negative cash flow pressure comes from paying out benefits. It's why we're in the business. And if you look at Latin America and Asia, they just don't have the same level of payouts occurring, as it relates to generating retirement income. So, we've got a lot of emerging markets, with a lot of upside for middle class growth in the accumulation phase here in the next decade or so. With that, we'll take the next question.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Yeah. That's a great question, and frankly, Mike, we're really enthusiastic about China. You heard our earlier comments around reaching an agreement with the memorandum of understanding with China Construction Bank for now 11 years. It's just been a terrific partner for Principal. We were over there recently, and celebrated our 10-year anniversary. It's important to recognize those sorts of milestones. And as you point out, the flows and the earnings are now starting to be generated after a long incubation period. But with that I'll ask Luis to make some additional comments.
Daniel Joseph Houston: Thank you. I'd just like to say, thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. Our growth opportunities remain strong and our strategies firmly in place. We'll continue to focus on managing our capital, we'll focus on the DOL implementation, we'll focus on running the businesses for the benefit of our customers and our shareholders, and certainly appreciate your commitment to continue to have confidence in the Principal Financial Group. Or I should say, The Principal. So, again, thank you for joining the call. We'll see you on the road.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yeah, thanks, Ryan for the question. As we talked about in the past, we look at the relationship between our growth in our revenue and our growth in our expenses. We've always tried to have this 1% to 2% differential, i.e. the revenue growing faster than expenses. But when you look back to 2014 as part of the trailing 12-months, and as always, we try to look at it over a longer period of time because of some volatility that could occur in any one particular period. 2014 was a pretty tough comparison because of the strong revenue growth, as well as the expenses that we had. So, looking at it in terms of more of a sequential basis, you've seen a pretty significant reduction in our expense growth from fourth quarter of 2015 to the first quarter of 2016. It's down approximately 5% or $44 million. Now, we think that as you go forward, we're going to continue to align our expenses and revenue. And as Jim talked about, his look into the future of PGI, we also look across all of our organizations, and we feel more comfortable about the growth rate for the entire year. If you look at 2016, compared to 2015, we'll see that 1% differential in our revenue growth. We think that 2015 is probably a more comparable year, and if you look at expenses in the first quarter of 2016, I'd say that that's probably more comparable to what you'll see in the rest of the year than what we saw in the fourth quarter this (sic) [last] (31:36) year. So, again, we look at the growth rate of expenses and try to make sure that we get that good comparison with the growth rate of revenues. And any one particular quarter, it is tough to do. As you saw in the first quarter, a significant decline in the equity markets having an impact on our revenue, on a short-term basis. Our expenses will catch up with that for the rest of the year. I hope that helps.
Terrance J. Lillis: Exactly. That's the way we've looked at it in the past, and that's the way we'll continue to look at it in the future.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yeah, Sean, as we looked at, and as we have looked at capital deployment, we've always looked at it in terms of a very balanced long-term view. We were looking for that – what will enhance the shareholders' value. Now, buying back shares is one of the options, but we look at all kinds of different things, in terms of to enhance shareholder value as well as distribute that value as it's created. If you look at over the last several years, you'd see we've done a pretty good job of balancing it between our organic growth and accusations in order to create shareholder value. And then increasing our dividend payout ratio as we just increased the dividend again as we march towards that 40% of net income. And then buybacks is just another part of the program here. And so we've talked about in 2016, $800 million to $1 billion. And we're on track to do that. And we think that, as you mentioned, though, that the share buyback program is a very important part of that so far. So through the first quarter we had $86 million. As of yesterday, we added another $26 million in the program. So we're over $100 million now. We're looking at it over the long term. We do have a program that gets accelerated as the share price goes lower. Hopefully, we won't have to worry about that in the near future. But as we look into the second half of the year, we've got options. We've got opportunities to continue to pay out our dividend and increase it towards that 40% payout ratio. We're also looking at acquisition activity for the remainder of the year. And as we've talked about in the past, we've looked at increasing our share of some PGI boutiques, and so we'll look at that as well. We'll also think about the share buyback, so as I mentioned, we've continued to build that out, and so we've got over $360 million yet in our authorization. So that is a very integral part of the share buyback – excuse me – of capital deployment strategy in this environment. And then, we're also going to continue to look at opportunities to change our capital structure and reduce our debt leverage because we do have some high-coupon debt out there that we could, if the opportunity presents itself, use that for that. So we're going to continue very balanced, disciplined, long-term approach to our capital deployment strategy, and I think we're well on our way to distributing that $800 million to $1 billion. Hope that helps. Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Yeah, thanks, Terry.
Terrance J. Lillis: I don't – well, I think, as you pointed out very appropriately. And frankly, it's not limited to just this industry, it's all industries, where there's constant pressure. It's one of the advantages for being a leader in an industry, having critical mass and scale and capability, and having great partners out there. I would not anticipate there to be any pressure coming off fee structures because of DOL. Could it cause some additional discussion? It should, because it's really around transparency and making sure that people understand what they're paying and what they're getting for their money. So, again, I think on a marginal basis, I think we'll continue to have a lot of dialogue around cost and pricing. And Nora wanted to make one more comment here.
Nora Mary Everett: Yeah, Steven, that's not our model. They've got a different model than we have. And if you're talking about the retirement business that Dan was addressing.
Nora Mary Everett: Our model, as Dan said, is we're going to – we'll have a wholesaler who is working with that independent advisor, but to that point, that independent advisor in their firm would take on the obligations under the new DOL rule.
Nora Mary Everett: Sure, thanks, Suneet. Good question. We certainly believe we're striking the right balance, and we think we have the proof points for it. With the kind of plan retention we're seeing, with the kind of sales we're seeing, we're always looking at – obviously, we've got a competitive market we're dealing in. But one of the things that we're seeing is, in particular in that small-to-medium, that core segment of our market, we're seeing just a tremendous opportunity for us as we move in that space. And what we've seen is, as we look at that growth both in our sales and retention that that's the piece of it that is really outperforming for us. The lumpiness that we talk about or the volatility we talk about comes when one or two larger cases, so you think in terms of $500 million, or north of $500 million. Now, oftentimes when we talk about the discipline between growth and profitability, it's with those larger cases and making a decision that we're not willing to race to the bottom on pricing. So that's the kind of lumpiness you'll see, and that's why we'll have quarters like we had this quarter with a $3 billion really outstanding net cash flow, but we don't want to get over our skis extrapolating that because we will have one or two large plan decisions over the year that will move that number, which is why we continue to reaffirm the guidance that if we look at a full year rather than quarter-to-quarter, if we look at a full year, we're confident, given what we see today, that we're going to be well within that 1% to 3% of beginning of year account value. But the caveat that we always throw out is because our core business is small and medium businesses, when you have one or two of those larger cases moving in or out, that can swing the numbers, which is why we tend to look full year rather than quarter-to-quarter.
Nora Mary Everett: Yeah. It some – there hasn't been in, from what we see it's not a year-over-year comparison. That large-case market has been extremely competitive for many, many years. And where we compete in that large-case market is one, investment performance, and Dan and Jim have talked about that, especially in that key asset class of Target Date. We have a tremendous amount of choice there, we've got extremely strong investment performance. So we compete in that space very well with regard to that suite, those key asset classes. In addition, on the service side, because of our scale, we're able to move up and down, whether it's a small business, a medium business, or a large business. And we've scaled our service platform to the point where that is seamless for us. So we compete very well in that space, both on the investment side and the service side, but, again, we're going to always be disciplined around this growth and profitability axis.
Nora Mary Everett: Yeah, Suneet, I think the one phenomenon that we expect is that when you look at the complexity of this reg, when you look at compliance cost, you really need to be a player that's at scale. You need to be a player that can come to the market, not just at scale, but with the kind of expertise to deal with this ERISA fiduciary duty. And when you think about that, the logical conclusion is you're going to have subscale players or folks that don't have this as their core business, having a moment in time here where they may be moving out of the market. So we see it as an opportunity around consolidation. And I think that goes back to your question about pricing. I think the irony here is that those of us who are at scale that have the expertise are going to stay in the market, and I think there will be a number of players who will take this as their opportunity to exit the market.
Luis Valdés: Okay. Thanks, Dan. John, this is a very good question. Let me tell you what is our view about this. It seems to me that we were able to solve the rock bottom cycle of the emerging markets, very much more around January. If you're looking at the equities index, FX, confidence indexes, and commodity prices, even interest rates are showing a much better picture for emerging markets today. Oil price is about $46, $48 today. Copper price is in $2.28. FX going in the right direction. So, what happened with our net customer cash flows? You could see our financial supplement, trailing 12-months, we are flying at $9.3 billion in trailing 12-months. We put in $900 million net customer cash flows in the first quarter. If you're looking at the train that we have had during 2015, first quarter, second quarter, third quarter, and fourth quarter, in the first part of the year, average per quarter, $2.5 billion, $3 billion in net customer cash flows. Average in the second part of the year, $1.5 billion, $1.8 billion, and then we had $1 billion. But if you're going into the first quarter, I would say that, January, February, March, they had a very positive, I would say, behavior. February was pretty much more flat. Better February and much better March. So I would say that the $900 million that we do have in the first quarter is not an indication of what is our real run rate that we are looking forward during 2016.
Luis Valdés: That is correct, John. And, again, we have a much better kind of idea about what is going to happen. And, certainly, if you're looking, even unemployment levels, even in a country like Brazil, certainly the unemployment is kind of going a little bit up. But surely, Brazil, in particular, continues being very solid. The net customer cash flows out of Brazil was $1 billion in the first quarter. And trailing 12-months is $6 billion. And we certainly, for second quarter, as I've been saying, we have a much better idea about that those net customer cash flows are going to be very much more in line about what has been our run rate in the past.
Luis Valdés: Yes, Mike, this is a pretty interesting question, as well. Net customer cash flows, as you could see in our supplement, we're reporting $17 billion just for China in the first quarter, trailing 12-months about $20 billion. So there has been a very impressive performance. I would say that we think that China is going to be very more much – its path and – it's going to be very much more in-line about what you can see in our trailing 12-month expectation, right? And what really happened in the first quarter of 2016. Having said that, we have been very focused on certain things like asset retention, about the products that we're putting ahead. And the thing that is important to keep in mind is that our joint venture has been perceived as a safe harbor in China. And also we have been perceived as a much more conservative asset manager and mutual fund company. So we have been benefit for the kind of noise in China, but certainly, we think that our run rate is going to be very much more in-line about the numbers that you could see in the trailing 12-months, right? And what really happened in the very last quarter in China.
