Dan Houston: Yes, John, thanks for the question this morning. I’ll take maybe the impact as it relates to acquisitions and client behavior and then through it over to Deanna. I would say that the fundamentals of our criteria, for making acquisitions, has to do with building our scalar capabilities whether that’s international or domestic, and I don't see that having a material impact. I think generally we have thought that most of our domestic businesses are at scale, and over the years, we have added to some capabilities. International, you have seen us most recently start making the move on acquiring larger shares and stakes to gain majority control. That’s what you saw in the case of CIMB and certainly more control now with Punjab National Bank. I think as it relates to the benefits, I just was speaking with an employer earlier this week, yesterday, about tax reform and it seemed to fallen to three buckets. One was what the anticipate was increase in benefits, as you say whether its volunteer or matching contributions, although and working with Nora and her team, we have not yet seen a material change in matching contributions. But his view was that, yes, we would continue to make those sorts of investments. The second was in the business itself. I don't know if it's just us who's having to make an investment in digital. I think it goes across every industry and every sector. And the last one frankly and it’s a public traded company, they talked about flowing back to investors. And so with that, let me turn over to Deanna to hit the RBC ratio itself.
Dan Houston: Yes, so good question Alex. Appreciate that. And I've said broadly and I'm going to ask Nora and Jim and Luis, all to weigh in on your question related to net cash flow because it is important. I would give you the overarching response to this though in that. And Deanna mentioned in her prepared comments, it has far more to do with the revenue growth and operating earnings and margins than perhaps it does on net cash flow. These would become quite uneven for a variety of different reasons. And as I reflect on your question related to net cash flow, it's in the large case market where we see the most volatility. It is in the group benefits business for premium. It is in the retirement business it's institutional asset management and full service payout. So, we need to orient ourselves that we're going to see volatility and net cash flow. But with that, let me throw it over to Nora to specifically talk about full service.
Dan Houston: Yes, it is an important matter for customer. It's something we take out it very seriously and I'll ask Nora to speak it specifically on our full service payout business.
Dan Houston: I'm glad you asked the question. I'm going to ask both Luis and Jim to speak to CIMB and also Internos because we're excited about those opportunities. As it relates to CIMB, the thing I'd like to say is they have been a wonderful partner to work with for over 10 years. And we think of them as very capable partners and good distribution partners. By going to more than 50% or taking ownership a majority stake in CIMB is going to allow actually the Luis's Principal International team to pull in more Jim's Resources with Principal Global Investors, as we look at that area in a broader context. So, I look at it as a much bigger pie for the organization to go after across the broad range of options across our entire sleeve of asset classes. So, again, we're very enthusiastic about that, but let me ask Luis to talk further about those acquisitions.
Dan Houston: Jim, you want to talk a little bit about your enthusiasm for European commercial real estate, now that complements our business.
Dan Houston: To your last question, Eric, around what it means from a financial perspective? I guess the best way I think about that, as you look at our 2018 outlook, you’d have anticipated these moves and I would say that they are baked into what we have already provided you. So appreciate the question. Thank you.
Dan Houston: Yes, Tom. Appreciate the question. I guess the way I would respond to that and I'll throw it to Nora here in a second. That 1% to 3% really works well with that core SMB market. Think about fewer than 1000 employees. But then if you start having plans with 5000, 10,000, 15,000 planned participants and the turnover in those plants will then measured in billions is one introduced that element of volatility. But when I step back and look at that business line in total, they grew their participants by nearly 140,000 plus, they grew the number of plants this past year by over 800. They hit their marks within this SMB market with the 1% to 3%. So this really can be isolated to be the institutional element and by definition, it's going to be a volatile. But I'll have Nora to clean that up for me.
Dan Houston: I don’t know anybody has done that. I would still say, you have got really three buckets when you think about why you might lose a piece of business. M&A is still and far away the biggest one, in the large case market, where we were the -- we our customer was acquired and often times they go to the larger or they acquired company. And that represents about half of it. Just as a side note on that, really small to medium size business, business is a lot of business and we --there is new plant formation. We are certainly benefit there but that’s also another place where we lose it. The second area is in some way for whatever reason we underperformed from a customer service investment performance that hold gamut of products and services. I would tell you that’s the smallest bucket, we’ve queried ourselves extensively, we hire third parties to evaluate how we are performing for our customers and lot of that, is publicly available information, so we feel like we are doing a really good job in that category. And then I think, this third area has to do with whether or not there is a perception, that you have the right sort of capabilities around technology or robo, or they in fact one have complete open architecture and in those cases we may not be the most competitive offering out there. But again, a lot of these large case markets exclusively focused on, we were on the losing end of M&A and Nora, you want to add to that.
Dan Houston: I don’t think it ever goes away to be frank, Sean. When I reflect on this, I think about the current expense run rate that we have had, has focused on trying to reduce our expenses and also add to new capabilities and we are leading best-in class today. And I would say that one of our greatest threat is probably come from non-traditional players, because consumers has now had a really good look at how they purchase other things, unrelated to financial services. And so I think what we are up against is an environment where the any has been raised relative to the customer experience, its simplicity, its convenience, how we access it. So this digital initiative, as we spoke about as back on December the 12 has everything to do with about two-thirds of the portfolio on driving revenue and about a third of it is about taking out additional expenses. It touches the consumer within our group benefits, it's individual life, it's our RIS-Fee businesses. It has to do with driving technology in Jim’s portfolio management area and again hiring data scientist and people with a lot of skill sets that are new to Principal. And although I don’t think this expense rate every going to come back down. I think it's going to remain elevated. What I think we will see after 12 months and 24 months and 36 months, is those revenue enhancers coming in and that expense being taken out. We don’t want to leave you at the impression, somehow, we are going to finish up 2018 and the expense run rate is reduced, I think in fact it will be where it's at and we’ll build upon that new base, and we can expect revenues and expense reduction in other areas to offset those. So, hopefully that helps.
Dan Houston: Yes, I think It's pretty simple because from our perspective our fundamentals remained very much intact, it's around introducing financial security through retirement solutions, asset management and protection, whether its life and certainly annuities the demand couldn’t be greater. We know that around the world, there are under-saved and under-protected. They're under advice. We have a lot of solutions that get after each of those areas. And what we didn't want to do of course is to under investing these businesses and find ourselves behind the wall or irrelevant as time goes on. But I think as our shareholders and as people that are interested in the success of this company it had everything to do with making sure our customers are getting what they need for them to be successful in the future. So appreciate your interest and we look forward to seeing you out on the road. Thank you.
Nora Everett: Sure. Good morning, Alex. Yes, on the RIS-Fee side, full service, our full service retirement business. As we've talked about the last couple of calls, net cash flow has been impacted there by just a handful of larger cases. And in fact I spoke to one really large case for our block, and that out has actually been split between the after transfer there between 4Q about $800 million on that case, went on 4Q and actually about $1 billion on that case went out in 1Q '18. We saw it was north of 1.5 a quarter ago with the equity market rise at that about 1.8. So, we're going to continue to see lumpiness in the net cash flow at the large end of the case flow as Dan points out. But we're extremely pleased with our core SMB segment and the net cash flow there that remains well within that 1% to 3% metric that we used at the beginning of the year account value for the full year. And we're confident going into this year that, we see the momentum in that core SMB net cash flow as well. It doesn't mean that there isn't going to be lumpiness ins and outs at the larger end of our block, but certainly when we look at this revenue growth to Dan’s point and focus on that, it's this core SMB net cash flow that we’re very focused on.
Nora Everett: Sure. So, Alex, familiar with the competitor situation, we obviously can't speak to the details. But when we look at our block both with regard to the pension risk transfer reserves and the DB reserves, we're very confident that we're holding adequate reserves for those two businesses. We've had processes and procedures in place and their design to locate this thing around response of individuals. And we use both internal and external sources. So our confidence level is high. Certainly, we'll continue to monitor the situation.
Nora Everett: Yes. As a reminder Tom, we talked about this before, but the equity markets put pressure on AV base percentage. Those withdrawal amounts are driven and hired by the market growth where our payroll based contributions obviously are not. So the percentage itself gets materially impacted by the lift in the market. But that to Dan's point, when you look at the impacted 1Q this year by the $1 billion the large case that has an outflow. There is already pressure on that metric. But if you strip that out and take a look at the overall block, you're still going to see that core SMB well within that range, that's our expectation anyway sitting here today. But there could be one or two outflows at the larger end of our block that would take us in total down to the lower end of that range. So we're just going to have to watch those variables. We'll obviously be as transparent as we've been historically, but it is a tough metrics to cover the entire block.
Nora Everett: Yes, one just and this is a very practical aspects of our business. You can have a key decision make or change. You can have an advisor or consultant change. So, we see day to day that can have as much impact as whether you are talking about service levels or pricing, so there is just a practical aspects of this business that comes into play.
Nora Everett: Our retention rates remain remarkably high. We have very, very strong retention at the plan sponsor levels. So to Dan’s point, we’re highlighting these larger cases because they are impacting that cash flow, but the retention on the block is extremely strong and industry leading.
Jim McCaughan: Yes, certainly. Thank you, and thanks for the question, Alex. I could illustrate this I think by talking about two of late in the year client movements, one in outflow, one inflow. The outflow was for a currency mandate where the AUM was $1.2 billion that one-time in December, so it's $1.2 billion. The revenue on that was just over $200,000 a year. In other words, it was a very straight forward rather in a sense commoditize mandate. The other big one in December, was in inflow, $600 million for a large pension clients into international small cap with the revenue there being $3 million a year. I think that illustrates the fact that, the specialty asset classes that we are running which Dan refer to, have still got quite rich revenues and have a pretty good pipeline. And that’s the underlying reason for my confidence that we can continue with pretty good revenue growth particularly management fee growth. So, I feel pretty confident that the pipeline remains strong, and so you will see quite unpredictable results in particular quarters as regards to lows, but the underlying revenue development for PCI is in much better -- is in really very good shape.
Jim McCaughan: Yes. For the last -- thank you. For the last 20 years, Principal has been very focused on U.S. commercial real estate both private equity and private debt. And that's on the ground, but if you focus you’ll probably be better, will be very, very strong. We got to a point though for our leading position in U.S., commercial real estate, is leading to specific clients, asking us to do things for them around the world. And we have already started doing that, in a modest way, before the Internos acquisition. The Internos acquisition brings us a pan-European group that can be highly integrated into our real estate efforts. Don’t think of it as a typical semiautonomous boutique. I think if it is Principal real estate investors Europe and that will enable us to provide very high quality services across Europe as well as the United States. And that’s in the end I think is going to be a very important step towards globalizing our already leading real estate franchise. And thus Internos, if you can forgive me for a comment on CIMB, it fits within Principal International, but we are really one company a Principal. We are working very close on the asset management function. And the fact that we have taken a majority stake or are taking majority stake in the CIMB joint venture, there is a lot more control and a lot more leverage about the management to the assets and we will be able to make some in effect parts of our global asset management platform. We believe that a strong local player, with access to best global practices in all our resources, we will do even better than not already successful partnership has been doing so far.
Jim McCaughan: Yes, thank you Jimmy. The incentive fees have been low in 2017 and will remain fairly low in 2018 most likely, not because of performance but because of incidence. Remember the big ones we have mainly on real estate both debt and equity and have assessment periods of 3 or 5 or even more years. And indeed in some cases, the incentive fee income when you have the outflow and sale the assets. So that structure means that the incidence is somewhat predictable, even if the exact amount when it comes is pretty hard to forecast. We will get up to good levels of performance fees again 2019 and 2020 and that's when we see a bit more incidence. There is some possibility then something to drop forward into 2018 because of clients wanting to take that profits and move on. And that of course is good news as we should accomplish as far as clients concerned. But I wouldn't count on that happening, it is possible. But most likely we'll be back to what I think over the more normal level of these longer term incentive fees in 2019 and 2020. And lastly there is an annual performance fee piece for others smaller than the multiyear carriers. That would be primarily are hedge fund in a few long only pieces where we have an annual incentive fees. And that was pretty seen in 2017 as well. As you know the hedge fund world has find hard to carry are to decent results. But we're optimistic that that will come back over the next year or two also. But that's more a matter of predicting particular segments of the market rather than the incidence. But really it's the incidence that drives that.
Luis Valdes: Okay, sure Dan. Alex, let me tell you that we’re very pleased about our $2.5 billion of net customer cash flows in the fourth quarter. And if you are looking quarter-over-quarter and you are looking one-year back, we are very pleased because the quality of that $2.5 billion are much, much better than the one that we had one year ago. Pretty much more one year ago, we would rely on just on Brazil. Now, you could see there is a $1.9 billion coming from LATAM, and $0.6 billion is coming from Asia. And that is not counting the other 7 billion that we had in China which is quite of our combined net customer cash flow. So I would say that we are pretty much more back to normal. I would say that 2 billion to 2.5 billion is a pretty much more our run rate for fourth quarter. Certainly, the first quarter in 2018 every single first quarter is a little bit kind of low because we have summer time in Brazil, summer time in LATAM. So, we have to be a little bit conscious about that, but we are very pleased to see that all our operations and companies and countries are putting positive net customer cash flows.
Luis Valdes: Yes, let me tell you that we're very excited in order to get additional control over our franchise in Southeast Asia. Just to feature you, we’re talking about a footprint that we cover almost 350 million people, with that footprint, in the region which is growing every year around a 4.5%, 5% year-over-year. So, it’s a very vivid kind of a part of the planet. And what we are doing is taking control of than fit, in order to speed up our process and our growth, not just in Malaysia, certainly in Thailand and Indonesia and Singapore jointly with Jim with PGI. We have had a tremendous corner in the last years with CIMB, but it seems to be that we just finish the first phase which was really to establish that’s a premium in the region, so we have really need more things like operational staff and knowledge about those markets. But going forward, it's pretty much more about asset management expertise, pension expertise, long-term saving products, distribution and digital. So it seem to me that is, if this kind of transaction is open up for many, many future opportunities for us.
Luis Valdes: Yes, Jimmy, let me tell you that we think that we do think certainly that political environment in Chile during the next four years, is going to be much more positive and pro-market in essence. So I do think we're not for sure, but I do think that the next administration that is going to takeover in March 11 is very likely that they're going to repeat and replace the current pension bill which is in the congress. This is my personal take. Last week the current administration they didn't have even quorum in order to approving the small piece of that legislation. So, it seems to me that they're not going to try to attempt any other apply for that particular pension bill. So and also the other good news is that, we already have some information about how the administration is taking a look at and they have a much, much holistic approach to the pension problem in Chile. So the ASPs are just one pillar out of four. And the main problem that Chile has is with other pillars instead of ASPs, the ASPs that they really need some adjustments particularly, they contribution rates and other things that, we think that this pension reform is going to be much broader and more interesting. And certainly much more compelling as I said to you, so we are pleased with that, a lot of work has to the end. We are going to be very eager to continue working on about the fees and pressure on fees, honestly. As I said to you many times and our valuable position in Cuprum is the highly differentiated. We’re number one in customer service. We just were rank again in the top 100 most profitable companies in Chile. In the long-term investment performance, we are number two, four strategies out of five. So I would say that we differentiate ourselves in Chile as a best pension company. Having said that, we’re not competing against head to head, but with MetLife and [Providas], so if we are making any decision going forward is going to be in light of the easiest of our customers and that is what we are looking every time, all the time.
