Nora Everett: Well just confirming that we would give what we see today and assuming equity markets cooperate with us to the balance of the year. We would expect both in RIS-Fee and in RIS-Spread to be at the high end of the margin guidance that we gave back at the outlook call.
Nora Everett: Sure. Obviously we had a really, really strong quarter, but if you look back and that was and that's being driven by that by the growth in the business, no doubt. But if you look back at our outlook call and look at what we talked about then with regard to net revenue growth at 5% to 10% and then pretax margins at 55% to 60% as we talked about a moment ago, we expect sitting here today looking through full year to be at the high end of that margin based on what we're seeing here in 1Q equally important with regard to net revenue growth again sitting here today looking out at 1Q and projecting forward. We would expect to be at the high end of that net revenue growth as well. What was driving some of the high 1Q over and above the strong growth in the underlying business were things like the variable investment income that we called out, we called out a piece of that a $5 million piece of that, but there we also are looking forward it at variable investment income and that and that's what's moderating some of that view. The mortality gains in 1Q were about $9 million, so on an absolute basis its certainly helped drive 1Q. And again as we look at all those things and project forward, we would expect to be at the high end of that that net revenue growth outlook.
Nora Everett: Yeah. Thanks Jimmy for the question, obviously a really strong 1Q on net cash flow at $2.2 billion and it really reflects two things those strong sales at $3.8 billion and then this continued outstanding retention. Across all of our planned sizes, we talked about quarterly results being lumpy income, they can be impacted by one or two larger cases decisions we’ve had that discussion before. As you look at that 1% to 3% that we’ve talked about with regard to positive net cash flow as a percentage of the beginning of the year comp value. It’s important to remember that when we’re in this rising when we were in rising equity markets that can put pressure on that percentage in other words those withdrawal amounts are driven by these higher equity markets, but the payroll base contributions are unchanged by that market growth. So just from a percentage basis something to keep in mind, but certainly based on what we see today based on the sales pipeline. The expectation that this outstanding retention will continue to see that we’re comfortable in that 1% to 3% range with that caveat around these raising equity markets.
Nora Everett: So this is Nora, John. When you talk about transfer deposits inflecting transfer deposits were $3.9 billion. Strong on the transfer deposit side, so I mean we maybe are using that term of art in a different way than I typically used that. But certainly we’re always going to see when we talk about sales there sometimes can be some timing differences between the sale and then the actual transfer deposit when that when those funds come in. But if you take a look, again I would encourage you to take a long term view because quarter-over-quarter you can have a sequential quarters. You can have timing issues, but as you look at it if you take a long term view of both sales and transfer deposits they have been strong. Recurring deposits that in plan cash flow you talk about those being strong they absolutely a strong that 8% quarter-over-quarter is a very significant growth driver for us. So the transfer deposits related to sales and then the in-plan cash flow which we call recurring deposits those two things have both done very well over the last several quarters. So I may be missing your question.
Nora Everett: Yeah. There were a few cases a year ago that timing issue that I discussed where there was a difference in quarter between the sales when we reported sales and when the transfers came in, so that’s that noise that I would identifying and that actually did happen a year ago. So that’s probably what you’re picking up.
Nora Everett: So the first thing I would say is this is a highly scalable business and certainly we’re getting the benefit reaping some of that scale as we grow this business. And again it’s an interesting dilemma to be in exceeding expectations so significantly, which we’ve done in RIS-Spread over and over again the last couple quarters. But we’ve looked forward and revisited that outlook call and really are confident that yes, we’re in the ballpark we’re going to be at the high end of the range with regard to net revenue growth. Now, will we exceed on margins, will we exceed on that revenue growth certainly possibly that can happen. But as we look at that business going forward and look at the benefit that the operating leverage that we know we’re going to continue to be able to read that that’s where we guide you back to. If we exceed that grade, but what sitting here today as we balance both the top line and the bottom line and look at our look at that scale issue that that’s where we come out today.
Nora Everett: The other thing I would add there is a reminder that we are quite opportunistic in this space both with the full service the pension risk transfer business and our investment only business. So I think you have to add that piece to the equation as well as we are seeing some very attractive opportunities but don’t forget that these are still opportunistic businesses for us so that that’s another piece of the equation that we keep in mind.
Luis Valdés: Yeah, thanks John for your question. And let’s stay focus on little bit on the longer term and if you're looking at PI trailing 12 months we put together $9.5 billion in the last trailing 12 months as of March 2017. If you're looking at the supplement, same period March 2016 it's about $7.9 billion, so it’s a 20% increase you know among peers. So we continue with the very strong Brazilian and solid franchise out of U.S. We do have some seasonality particularly in the first quarter, summertime in Latin America probably a longer good carnival that is needed in breakeven February, but anyway all in all we continue putting solid net consummate cash flows. And this quarter in particular was a 34th consecutive quarter with positive net cash flow as well Latham. We continue to working on and we believe that we're going to continue put in proceed in that consumer cuts going forward.
Luis Valdés: Yeah, sure. Suneet it’s important to keep in mind first that Provida and Cuprum are two important patients companies, but focus on different market segments. So we don't see Provida as a direct competitor that’s number one. And number two, we follow very closely what all those pensions companies are doing in the market, how they position themselves. And I do really understand whether doing and why they're doing. But having that in our case, Suneet and due to our consumer segment that we're focused on, but in fact is the one that has the highest average balance for costumer in that market, we continue with a more differentiated value proposition to them. So to our customer, our valuable solution to our customers based on superior long term investment performance, financial advice and excessive customer service, in fact, we have received the number one customer service ranking in the last five periods and we competing ranking number two in the long term investment performance. So we do position Cuprum in a very unique way in order to be very much more focused on the segment that we serve in Santiago, Chile.
Luis Valdés: Yeah you know the whole discussions the pension reform is making that markedly you know kind of an easy bet. First of all let me try to go back and try to put all my comments under into perspective about the Chile and then our to Chile performance in particular. Our trailing 12 months operating earnings in Chile they believe were $148 million of pretax, this is number one. So it’s a 7% increase over same periods in 2016, same thing for our revenues also growing at 7%. So with all these discussion what I'm trying to say to you Suneet that this is a very resilient you know operation and an asset. Also we're reporting in this quarter our AUMs are record high $44 billion for our franchise in Chile, and also record high for our AUMs and Cuprum $37 billion that we manage for our costumer, that’s a record point in the whole history of Cuprum. In that sense we're well aware and we understand that we have been experienced some outflows over the past three quarters, although it's still negative, our first quarter 2017 we have shown meaningful improvements in our retain customers and clients. And our management team is Cuprum is going to continue to be in laser focus on improving our net customer cash flows within our company. And again in order to do that, we do rely on our track record as I mentioned to you to serve our customer needs and expectations particularly in the areas like a superior loans investment performance and customer service, so this where we’re and we're going to continue working for. So this is essentially where we are.
Luis Valdés: Yes, thanks for your question. Uncertainly if you're looking our numbers and supplement and growing up of facts regular earnings $13.4 million for China, and but if you're looking our net revenues and if you’re looking the growth of our net rose in China quarter-over-quarter 18% and in consecutive quarter 4%, so we continue online and in trying to put a double digit growth for this year. The main ship that we are experience it is as any other country, is a very motivated because China is very government policy driven market. And today and this year 2017 in particular is a year of political transition, so you know a power She is going to renew is the second term so this is the year that the Chinese government they are looking for no surprises to lower the risk to deleverage and the risk that the financial markets. So in that sense we continue to focus on our strategy those money that flow into our company money market is usual mandate very small fees in that were incidental, but we continue focus on our target market which is to put long term saving products or the middle class in China and these are much more higher fees based and based on mutual funds. So this is the numbers and we continue transition in that sense.
Daniel Houston: Okay, I'll have Nora do that, but before I do, I just want to remind all the investors out there, but the RIS-Spread business is really an integral and important part of our overall franchise and serving the needs of our customers. We think there's a natural growth that's going to be coming, because people are going to demand income in retirement, and not only income in retirement guaranteed income or in retirement. Principal’s fortunate that we do that one of two ways either through the payout business, which is more lumpy and the other of course is by providing individual retail annuities to our customers. So again I think this is an important conversation to be having, because we typically get caught up on the RIS-Fee talking about the defined contribution plan, so we see this is a real growth driver for Principal in the future. We've been in it for a very long time, and feel as if we have a lot of skill and knowledge with that I'll have Nora speak specifically to the earnings here in the most recent quarter.
Daniel Houston: Yeah, Suneet thanks for that question. And of course, we monitor every one of these markets very closely, and they all have their own kind of unique aspects and what we would tell you is very consistent, I have Luis comment here in just a minute, from the very beginning when we were identifying the right target in the Chilean marketplace we're looking where we felt like we could have the most long term success, and that had a lot to do with the makeup of Cuprum and relationship to the other potential acquisition we could have made and that's proving out to be the case, and Luis maybe we can delve into that a little bit closer and talk about some the details.
Daniel Houston: Probably less than 20% that’s my - but we can go back to you to provide that information very precisely.
Daniel Houston: John, one of the last comment on our RIS-Fee before we go to Spread in that has to do with where we’re at in the economic cycle and that has to do with new plan formation and we are finding ourselves in that sweet spot right now where we’ve far exceeded the pre-2008 period where there is a lot of new plant formation, which is exciting to us because this is interesting and fun is it is to get a transfer set of an established plan. Seeing small to medium size businesses grow add new plans and add new participants that’s what’s good for all of America and that’s those are the kind of proof points that we’re on Capitol Hill talking about the effectiveness of the 401(k) model and how it’s working needs to be told. And I think you had a follow-up question on RIS-Spread.
Daniel Houston: I won’t say it’s conservative. The way I would describe that John is that we continue to have a very strong pricing discipline right now the market is in demand for this type of product we are very disciplined in how we go about setting that price. We have no reason to believe that the margin is going to expand in the future, we in likewise that there may have been some pent up demand because we have seen interest rates rise in the relatively short term here in the last year or so.
Daniel Houston: It just a couple of quick comments, we just finished up with a series of visits with a lot of our distribution partners and advisors and there’s something they kept reminded me - reminding me about as a related to the deal well change in general we do now have a new secretary of labor appointed and we’re excited about that. But they make the point that they really are about financial planning, helping with life and disability protection, wealth distribution strategies, asset management strategies, education funding and securing the customers, financial future. That’s the business we’re in. We manufacture of those products and solutions for our advisors. So regardless of the Reg tax regulatory changes the demand for these products that we’re engaged in is not diminished and of course our target market of small to medium sized business and individuals fits that very well. So we look forward to coming out chatting with you over the course of the next quarter about our strategy again very pleased with the transition between Terry and Deanna, and again we’ll see out on the road. Thank you for taking the times when you listen story.
