Deanna Strable: Yes, Tom, I'll comment and then I'll turn it over to Amy to see if she has more to add. That comment was relative to the COVID impact in that we were slightly above our rule of thumb of $10 million after-tax impact for every $100,000 of U.S. debt. And that one large claim was in individual life. And then that took us just slightly above our rule of thumb. And so it wasn't a comment on specialty benefits. It was a comment on the COVID claims within individual life and total company.
Deanna Strable: Yes, I think one of the things we did lay out at Investor Day is the fact that one of the reasons why we have a low leverage ratio, it does allow us to fund any potential inorganic acquisitions through the issuance of more debt as well as our strong free capital flow position allows us to use some of the near-term free capital flow to also help aid in that. So, obviously, we're going to be looking to see if there are organic or inorganic opportunities. I think what Dan said is we feel good about the scale and the capabilities of our go-forward growth strategy. But we'll continue to be good stewards of capital. Our plan is to return that capital release from transactions unless there is a clear value-accretive opportunity to deploy it in another way. So, hopefully, that helps.
Deanna Strable: Yes, you are correct. And then just following up on that last question from Ryan, it also included an estimate around stranded costs and PGI lost revenue from the general account. Obviously, those last two items are estimates, and they would be dependent on the specifics of the transaction. But you have that right. And so again, relative to that guidance, there could be some upside relative to the deployment of the proceeds from the transaction. Obviously, the magnitude of that will depend on the process and the specifics of the deal. But again, the confusion was probably that I made a comment, slightly dilutive. Slightly dilutive was not relative to that outlook. It was relative to a BAU result that obviously would be hindered by that lost earnings that I just discussed.
Deanna Strable: Yes, what I would say there is standard costs are not just in those lines of business. They go over into PGI and they actually go across the entire enterprise. The reason we didn't go into a walk-forward on those two lines of businesses as well as obviously, corporate is those are the ones that are going to be impacted by the transactions. And likely what we expect to see is somewhat of a reset and then a growth that would be more typical from what we have seen up to this point. And so again, I think that's one that we'll give you more insight as we transact and as we go forward. But again, the three that we didn't give you specific guidance are rolled up into that 9% to 12%. But that's how I would think of it as somewhat of a reset and then a growth from there.
Deanna Strable: No, I think if we think about the outreach that we've had since the announcement and the discussions that we've had, we do think there's a path for execution on both of those. We're diligently focused on that. And we think that we'll have further announcements over the next six to 12 months on both transactions.
Deanna Strable: No, we are planning -- we are not refinancing. Our plan is to pay that off when it comes due in the third quarter of 2022. If you remember back, we, during the pandemic, took the opportunity to issue $600 million of extra debt due to uncertainty in the marketplace at very, very attractive rates. Fast forward today, we found that we do not need that for that volatility or any credit pressure from the pandemic. And so we felt it was prudent to again take down the debt and retire that $300 million that comes due in third quarter of 2022.
Deanna Strable: Yes, I think that's a fair assumption on the earnings. I don't think we feel it's prudent to split those numbers into the underlying pieces, given the fact that we are planning to market the divested business as a single transaction and we're already providing incremental disclosure to interested parties. We'll take the opportunity when we announce the transactions to determine whether disclosing more details on the specific blocks that we transact is warranted. But at this point, I think your assumption on the earnings split is directional.
Deanna Strable: So, a couple of things I'll talk about there. And again, that is a quarter impact. And so this is all coming about. And if you actually go back to the -- it's actually a true-up is basically what it is, right? And so we have to calculate based on this closed block of business that we have not sold since 2001.
Deanna Strable: Yes. So, the liability and the underlying contract provision links the inflation to an index, the IGP-M. Due to unavailability of those assets, only about 50% of the assets backing that liabilities we're able to exactly match to that indices. The other remainder, we track to a retail inflation index, the IGPA. Over a long period of time, this has actually been very benign. Back to 2011, it's actually been a cumulative benefit. But it has been a hit over the last 12 months. There's a portion of that in the given quarter that is a lag. But the majority of that impact is the fact that there's a mismatch between what we're earning on the assets versus what we're crediting on the liability. We can take it offline with IR and get into some more details of how you could potentially track this a little bit more closely. But we do believe that over the long term, this will come back into more congruence between the two indexes. But we have a little bit of a mismatch, just given the economic and financial volatility that's occurring in the Brazilian market.
Renee Schaaf: Yes, I think, Dan, you did a great job of covering exactly how we're thinking about it. It's clear that the market will continue to consolidate. And scale is important as our capabilities. We're really happy with the IRT acquisition in terms of what it did bring to us and does bring to us in terms of scale and increasing access to consultant channels that we may not have had before as well as really rounding out our set of capabilities to benefit not only the IRT customers that were acquired but our legacy customers as well. So, as we think about consolidation in the future, we're very mindful about the need to continue to watch our unit costs and scale. If acquisitions make sense in terms of scale and capabilities, we'll keep a close watch on those. But we're happy with the acquisition that we made, and we continue to watch the market very closely.
Renee Schaaf: Yes, Andrew, thank you for that question because I think there's a lot to be said in terms of the organic growth that we're seeing within RIS-Fee. So, maybe starting with first quarter, you'll recall that in first quarter 2021, we had about $8 billion of sales, which was an exceptionally strong result and included a couple of very large plan sales in there as well as strength in the small to medium-sized market. So, that indicates that we are, we can and we will play in the large plan market, we are successful and we're winning. Then we turn our attention to the second quarter. And what we see is a very strong $3.3 billion, which is up 17% from a quarter -- a year-ago quarter. The second quarter sales were really dominated by small and medium-sized plans, which again speaks to the fact that we have strength in small-, medium- and large-sized plans. We communicated at Investor Day and in last quarter's call that we are seeing a really nice increase in our institutional or our large plan pipeline. And we're very pleased with that. And it reflects the fact that we're making good inroads and relationships with top-tier consultants. The large plan market, however, has a longer sales cycle. So, we would anticipate that those sales will hit in 2022. So, all said, very pleased with the momentum that we see in organic growth. It's strong across small, medium and large plan markets and the -- we continue to be very optimistic about our capabilities and our ability to compete in this marketplace. 
Renee Schaaf: Yes, thanks. And Dan really you've nailed the really critical pieces of this. I think the thing to remember, when we talk about our value proposition and how we compete in the marketplace, we differentiate on several things. First off is Total Retirement Suite and our ability to take our capabilities far beyond defined contribution. Defined contribution, there's no doubt, that is a highly competitive marketplace. And record-keeping fees are being driven down not only by competition but also just automation and digitization of the business. But when we look at our ability to pull together multiple retirement plan types and serve that up to the plan sponsor and the participant in a fully integrated basis using proprietary capabilities and technology, it sets us apart. And the same thing is true with the participant and the plan sponsor experience that we deliver, again fully integrated across multiple plan types. And last of all, our ability to work closely with a global asset manager that truly is expert in retirement. And so all of those things create a differentiation that allows us to successfully compete against other competitors that might be more solely or primarily focused on the defined contribution market.
Pat Halter: Yes, Humphrey, thanks for the question. I think one of the things that I want to highlight is that we continue to see strong revenue growth because we have strong investment capabilities that are desired in the marketplace. And we're seeing the desire from retail, from retirement, and from institutional clients. So, our multichannel multi-distribution model is really playing well with capabilities that are desired in the marketplace. So, I think that's been a nice sort of revenue generator for us as an organization both in terms of sales and in terms of retention. In terms of the margin question, Humphrey, if the macro market and markets continue to, I think, cooperate, we believe we're going to continue to generate, I think, these strong margins in the upper end of our guidance range, which is 37% to 40% and probably likely a little bit north of that 40% guidance range going forward as you kind of think about the expense control as we continue to have in place in the organization and our sort of view that our capabilities will continue to be desirable in the marketplace. And so I feel pretty good about the ability to continue to have some fairly strong margins in the second half of the year. I think we may have a little bit of additional sort of performance fees on the margin in the second half of the year also. But the margin outlook looks quite strong yet as I look forward into the second half of the year, Humphrey.
Pat Halter: Yes, thanks for the question. I think in terms of our performance, we still feel very positive about our long-term performance. Our one-year has dropped off a little bit. And specifically, it dropped off in our U.S. and non-U.S. equity performance. As you know, the U.S. equity markets in the first half of the year, because of just a strong stimulus, fiscal and monetary optimistic growth, the environment was really one of owning risk in that marketplace and you're rewarded for that. Our sort of overall fund sort of approach is more -- it's not universal, but it's probably biased more toward higher quality and lower -- higher quality than lower quality sort of the companies. And that's probably held back a little bit of our performance. Our investment approach process, we have a lot of conviction that will come back again. We've had periods in the past where we had sort of this risk-on approach and our high quality, low vol sort of style has been made out of favor. As we talk to our clients, they know our process. They know what they're investing in, in terms of our processes. They feel very confident and comfortable with what we're doing. So, we have not seen any drop-off at all in terms of either retention or sales because of that. So, that's probably the most important part of the sort of, if you want to say, less drop-off or a little bit of a drop-off in performance.
Pat Halter: Yes. So, John, thanks for the question. I think on the institutional side, we're actually seeing a positive net cash flow on the equity side, some small-cap, international are two notable areas. We're also -- I think I mentioned at our Investor Day, discussion at Origin, which is one of our emerging market investment boutiques, has had some very strong sales growth and they continue to attract some institutional sort of sales activity. So, the institutional side, the activity looks quite good on the equity side. I think what you're probably referring to, John, is what you're seeing maybe within our platforms. Platforms, we are seeing some withdrawals within the mutual fund, particularly the mutual fund. We're actually seeing some, I think -- on a broader sort of commentary, we're seeing actually some positive net cash flows in our international wealth, Dublin [ph] platform, and our SMA sort of product line, specifically with Aligned Investors, which is a very strong sort of mid-cap, large-cap manager. So, it's going to be a mixed bag in terms of mutual funds. But I think we still believe we have a very strong lineup of equity capabilities across the different segments that we cover, John.
Pat Halter: Yes, Josh, I think it really is that we have an incredibly very vibrant marketplace right now, both in terms of market conditions and in terms of the flow of capital. And some of our flagship capabilities, like real estate, which are absolutely higher fee generation capabilities, are in vogue right now. So, I think that's one area just to highlight. We're very sort of alpha-producing active specialist capabilities, where we're really providing that sort of upper first and second quartile performance. We're getting a lot of strong support with that. And I think our multichannel distribution model, our distribution teams led by Tim Hill and Kirk West, both on the platform side, the U.S. side and on the international side, are really performing very well right now. So, we seem to be doing really well, both in terms of the capabilities that we can offer to the marketplace and getting those capabilities to the broad reach of the retail retirement and the institutional marketplace. So, it just seems to be coming together quite nicely right now. 
Dan Houston: I think we've got that advantage, Humphrey, in addition to the fact that this business is annually priced. And coming out of a global pandemic, I would expect some degree of volatility in our claims experience, so thanks for the questions.
Dan Houston: Yes, so appreciate that. One of the benefits we have just still being 30 days out of having reported on our strategic review -- and again, I won't reiterate all of what was said during the course of our Investor Day. But we literally interrogated every one of our businesses, our markets, our look-back and our look-forward. And so we do feel as if any gaps that might exist around capabilities and scale are under our clear understanding. And frankly, we feel like we're in a very strong, competitive position across the businesses. The ones we're exiting is where we didn't feel that the economics were in our best interest relative to a go-forward basis. And we felt there were other organizations that were better owners of these assets. We need to complete these transactions before coming to a conclusion on how we'll deploy those proceeds. But we are on the record already with investors that for the two-year period of time, we're going to deploy $3 billion back in the form of dividends and stock buybacks. We feel we've got our arms around our capital position. We're in a very strong position, which gives us frankly a lot of optionality. I'll ask Deanna if she has any additional comments she'd like to make here.
Dan Houston: Yes. Thank you. And again, if I were to summarize, I think it was a very strong quarter, both measured by financial and customer metrics, strong return of capital and advancing our strategy. My closing comment really before, and those were the same comments I made when we closed out our Investor Day, which was we're going to stay focused on our long-term growth strategy. We are committed to creating long-term shareholder value. We're confident in our ability to execute and we've demonstrated it historically and again, this quarter was no exception. And we've got 38 million customers around the world to help achieve financial security. And that's job one for us. So, appreciate your time today and look forward to follow-up conversations with all of you. Thank you.
