Deanna Strable: Yeah. Thanks, Suneet for the question. From a run rate perspective, it does cause a slight benefit in RIS, a slight pressure in Life, no impact in SPB. I think it is of note though that those would be reflected in the third quarter run rate operating earnings that we gave you on a pre-tax basis. So those have all been kind of factored in. As we move to capital, the tax item did cause a capital hit. And so that was unknown, and we had slightly positive offsetting – modest positive capital impact that offset a portion of that from the AR. But ultimately, those would be the moving pieces. From a tax perspective, no ongoing impact that was a one-time impact that really trued up and reversed some credits that we had taken in previous years. And so no impact as we go forward.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. I’ll frame it in total. And then Alex, if you have some specific businesses that you want to go into a little bit deeper, you can bring that up and we can pass on to the appropriate President. It was a very strong margin quarter across almost all of our businesses. I’d say we obviously were benefiting relative to outlook from some of the early in the year market strength. And as you know, some of that did retreat as we went through the third quarter and in the fourth quarter. The other thing I would say is that, we did mention on the prepared remarks that we do have some seasonality in our expenses. We do expect that to be less than typical, but you will see some impact on fourth quarter margins from that as well. That does impact all businesses with a slightly larger impact in our retirement business. But I think the good news is bringing us back to the full year, we do still feel really good about our targeted margins. And ultimately, we will be laying out kind of our expectations for 2024 in the February outlook call. But we continue to be very targeted and focused on maintaining those margins and doing what we need to do to keep us in those levels.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. So obviously, over the past few years, we went through the COVID, where we did see some benefit of mortality. But ultimately, as we do every third quarter, we step back and we look at all of our actuarial assumptions and make sure that we are reflecting that in our reserve levels. New this year under LDTI is the fact that this annual actuarial review also applies to FAS 60 products, which includes our pension risk transfer products. And so again, that wouldn’t have been something we would have reflected historically in our AAR, but now are reflecting that. One of the things that we have seen is that, ultimately, we are not seeing the expected mortality improvement that we had factored into our assumptions. And so we trued that up and ultimately then increase the mortality expectations on those PRT lives. And that led to that slightly over $50 million benefit in the PRT. We aren’t changing our future mortality assumptions. There is a slight benefit in the run rate expectations for AAR, but that was really the driver of what happens.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. I think when you look at 3Q relative to what we saw in first quarter and second quarter. The real improvement came because we did see some real estate sales in the quarter that then transferred into that variable investment income. As I look forward to the fourth quarter, I think you probably – it is hard to predict, especially given the volatile market that we have. But probably expect to see fourth quarter be closer to 1Q and 2Q levels as we sit here today. For 2024, I’ll defer to more detail on the February outlook call. But I do think it is obvious to understand that as the interest rates continue at this high level, we’re going to continue to see ongoing pressure from prepays. And it’s really the other alts and the real estate that can be volatile quarter-to-quarter.
Deanna Strable: Well, Tracy, I’m not sure what – where the 63% is. I actually think that’s the loan-to-value on our ‘24 maturities. So the actual total office portfolio is what Pat mentioned as is 57%. And then the other thing I would make note of on the ‘24 maturities is even though the LTV is 63%, the debt service coverage is 3.8%, and we have a 94% occupancy. So ultimately, for those loans that are maturing in ‘24, we feel good that those are attractive loans that will be maturing next year.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Tracy, good question. We always evaluate opportunities to create value for our customers and opportunities and look at what our competitors are doing relative to that. We have been exploring whether we should set up a Bermuda entity specifically focused on PRT and term, our focus will be on new sales as we go forward. And we won’t – we aren’t considering a sidecar arrangement relative to that. One, given the size of our portfolio, the size of our new sales and our ability to manage that in-house relative to that. So there’ll be more to come on that as we go forward, but I always want to be mindful to make sure that we are being as capital efficient as we can in creating value for our shareholders.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Thanks, Josh for the question. We came out of the strategic review and really committed to that 75% to 85% free cash flow ratio, and we managed to make sure that we’re within that. We were happy to be able to raise our dividend $0.01 last quarter and $0.02 this quarter. And as you’re aware, that has been on pause since our strategic review as we wanted to understand the impact on our earnings level. And then, as you know, also in 2022, the markets were pretty negative. And so we needed to understand how we could get through that as well. We did have a few one-timers in the quarter that did help our free capital flow. They netted to about $100 million positive impact. The two most notable one is the admittance of the negative IMR, but that was partially offset by the AAR tax impact that we talked about. And so again, I feel really good about the ability to increase our common stock dividend, increase our share buyback expectations and put us on track for a $1.3 billion of capital return to our shareholders for the full year of 2023. I don’t think what we’re seeing this year is an anomaly and ultimately still stay focused on that 75% to 85% free cash flow conversion.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. I mean, obviously, the markets can have some fluctuation on that. But I think you can even go back to prior to the transaction and look at our trend of dividend increases. And we did have a consistent pattern of increases. The other thing I would say is, we have high-growth operations in our Specialty Benefits business. We have high-growth expectations in our international business. And I come back to the fact that we have – we think we can deliver 9% to 12% EPS growth. That won’t always be at that level. There will be some years where it’s slightly lower, some years where you might benefit more from macro. But again, I come back to strong free cash flow. We are committed to being a growing company, and we are committed to returning that growth back to our shareholders. And ultimately, in pressured time because of our diversified model relative to pure asset managers, we’re actually able to have consistent dividends versus a lot of volatility. So, I like the pattern and the consistency. And as you say, over the long-term, you’re right, we should be able to increase that dividend and return to our shareholders.
Amy Friedrich: Yeah. Yeah. So let me – I’ll give you my perspective on this, Suneet. It’s going to vary a bit by kind of the – how your block is made up. But if you have most of your block, which we do in an ability to kind of annually rerate. I think that those – the reratable nature of that business is going to mean that we pass on that good performance relatively quickly. I will say we’re pretty committed to making sure that when we’ve got good performance, we’re putting that back into our rates. We know that, that’s good for our customers. We know more income protection products out there in the industry and in the economy or good for the economy. And we know that it’s good for our future growth rates if we continue to put that in. So what I would say though is, it does take a little bit of time for that to catch up. You do some things differently with your in-force block versus your new business pricing. So I would guess as we come out through ‘23 and into 2024, you would still see even us slowly kind of moving that into our in-force or new case pricing. But it will – I mean in a well-run business, it will get back into pricing so that it can benefit the growth of the whole industry. The other point I would say, though, is that, you do – it does matter the composition of your block. So for example, our block is about 70% what we would consider knowledge workers. So those knowledge workers are going to have really great options in terms of when you think of claims recovery in terms of hybrid or remote working options. So if you’ve got more of your block of business in those knowledge industries, your ability to consistently move that into your block, the benefits of that into your pricing and into your results are going to be higher than if you have a lot more in like retail or manufacturing sectors. So the composition of your block matters, the reratable nature whether you’ve locked in multiyear rate guarantees matters, and it’s going to factor into everybody’s ability to grow.
Amy Friedrich: Yeah. So, Wilma, as you’ve noted, the group disability one is probably one of the bigger drivers that’s giving us that overall result. And again, as we’ve talked a little bit about, some of that will continue. I do think that third quarter is not repeatable in terms of when you adjust out the AAR, you’re looking at that almost 46% loss ratio. That’s not something that will continue, but we will see some improvement from those historical levels. The other piece I would say is Group Life, is continuing to perform really, really well. I made a point in an earlier question to talk a little bit about our focus on those knowledge industries, I do think that tends to have a little bit of impact in Group Life as well. So the type of business that you’ve built over time and the type of patterns you see against that business really do matter. And so, I would expect Group Life to continue to perform pretty well. Dental has been one that we have been seeing a little bit more utilization and severity over the last year, year and a half since COVID. It’s been one of those we’re trying to kind of find that next normal pattern. I do see it beginning to kind of slowly return to those patterns that we used to see prior to COVID, we’re always willing to make some modest pricing adjustments to make sure we’re continuing to be good stewards of that line of business. But I would expect to see that to continue to have probably even a little bit better performance than we saw in the trailing 12-month number from that. And then our supplemental health line, I would continue to expect to see the type of performance that we’ve seen from that in the past and then individual disability could also see some of those benefits we’ve talked about, but I would continue to see it performing consistent with some of those historical levels.
Amy Friedrich: Yeah. Dan, you’ve hit one of the points I would make about that is that, I would say that Life business sort of refocus has been meeting or exceeding our expectations in terms of getting ourselves focused on those business owner, really meaningful business owner relationships, about 50% of the business that we do in non-qualified in any given quarter is going to be tied into the Life Insurance business now. And when we look at those business owner offerings, they tend to not only purchase Life Insurance products, but they tend to deepen the relationship across our retirement and asset management franchise as well. And so those are really nice small business relationships for us to be building. You’ve hit the point in terms of the question, which is, there have been some things in the last couple of quarters in terms of mortality that we’ve seen a little bit more. It’s not on the incident side. We’re not seeing the number of claims, but the severity has been running a little bit hotter than we’ve seen historically, but that really does attribute the whole difference. That is the severity.
Dan Houston: Yeah. Chris, the only thing I might add to that list is also the investment management shift. So to the extent there’s more money that goes to a passive option as opposed to active, you’re going to see a negative impact on the revenues as well.
Dan Houston: Yeah. So it’s a good question. The first thing I would say is, you have to look at the last two years for Principal and know that forecasting some of these has been challenging, given some of the changes that we’ve made, we do have a very strong capital position. We anticipated that in the post-strategic review when we were doing our analysis. We wanted to use a fair amount of judgment of not having perfect clarity to what this might look like. But as we said during the strategic reviews outcome, we’re committed to returning capital through both share buyback through increased dividends and targeting our 40% payout ratio, but also investing in these organic businesses, knowing that most of those businesses deployments would be in our fee businesses. And having said that, we still look for opportunities in spread where it’s appropriate. But I’ll have Deanna add some additional comments.
Dan Houston: I’m going to apologize. It sounds like we may have a bad line here. All these questions didn’t come in perfectly clear today. But just a reminder on something Humphrey had mentioned, which is, we will have a combined earnings call in 2024 on February the 13th. It will also include the outlook at that point in time. There’s no shortage of macroeconomic and geopolitical risk out there today. It remains top of mind for us as we continue to keep our customers in line of sight, our individual employer and institutional customers. We want to continue to align our expenses with our revenues, while also investing and innovating to better meet the needs of our customers. The bottom line, I still remain very optimistic about our ability to create value for our customers and shareholders on a go-forward basis. Appreciate your time today. Thank you.
