Deanna Strable: Yes. I think probably the best way to shape that is to look at 20 basis point impact on a pretax basis on the $70 billion portfolio. And that would be kind of the delta between what we originally assumed and what we received now. On the prepared remarks, we did talk about the impact of spreads outlook, which is where most of that benefit will be. Now we expect net revenue to only be down 5% to 10%, much improved from the 20% to 25% that we talked about earlier. And that would equate in spread to about $20 million pretax per quarter of additional earnings.
Deanna Strable: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ryan. Obviously, as you just reiterated, our outlook range of $2.5 billion to $3 billion, which included $2 billion to $2.3 billion of share buybacks, was based on markets as of the end of last year. If we look at our implied daily average sitting here today, that's about 15% lower than what we would have anticipated coming into the year, and we've also seen additional fee pressure from fixed income values. I do think, as I sit here today and look at year-to-date financial results, I think it's a really good testament of our diversified business model, where strengths in other businesses has offset the revenue pressure that we've seen in PGI and RIS-Fee.  So I do see a path to those outlook numbers. I still feel really good about the 75% to 85% of free cash flow. Obviously, the transaction proceeds are coming in as expected. But there is obviously still some uncertainty and where we end within the 75% to 85% and where -- and what that produces as far as dollar amount of free cash flow is still going to be pretty dependent on the market and how that market plays into our fee businesses, because obviously, those sit at higher percent free cash flow, flowing into that overall company number.  And so again, like I said, I do think we're going to be disciplined in the current environment, but we're also positioned for a much higher dollar amount of capital return this year. And just as a reminder, we'll also be using some of that capital to pay down debt in the third quarter, that's $300 million. And obviously, the China Pension acquisition could come into play this year as well. So a strong year of capital deployment, but some market uncertainty could play into the absolute dollar amount.
Deanna Strable: Yes. I think your question was really specific to the $800 million of deployable proceeds and the timing of that. Sitting here today, we have received the majority of that. Some came in first quarter. Most of it came up until -- in second quarter up to today, and a small amount is yet to come probably later this year or maybe a little bit early next year. And that's either sitting in holdco or sitting in the life company. So almost all of that is already in hand.
Deanna Strable: Yes, I think that's the right way to think about it, Erik. Having said that, our 2023 reported results will be adjusted due to LDTI. So we'll have to understand kind of how that plays through. But yes, that really will be the primary driver of our capital deployment as we think beyond 2022.
Deanna Strable: Yes, there's a couple of moving parts there. Obviously, any of the capital changes of the portfolio would have been reflected in that RBC ratio as of the end of second quarter. Most of the proceeds of the transactions do flow through the Life company. And so we did do a dividend to holdings -- to holdco during the quarter, but it did not entirely offset the proceeds from the quarter. And ultimately, we'll plan to weave that back down closer to the 400% target, as we go through the rest of the year.  So it's really driven by the transaction proceeds, obviously, normal gain from operations, but any capital -- the required capital needed from the change in the portfolio is reflected in that number.
Deanna Strable: It did have some -- it did require some additional capital just given the nature of those portfolio, but very manageable within our capital levels.
Deanna Strable: Yes. A couple of things there. You obviously are -- we're coming up on our third quarter review since we're sitting here today. I do think it's important to understand that as part of the strategic review, and as we worked with third-party consultants, we did take a look at all of our actuarial assumptions. So I think that will play into the magnitude of the changes that we'll contemplate, as we go through this review.  We obviously will be updating for current starting interest rates. So that obviously -- if it stays where it is today, we'll have a positive impact on our actuarial balances. And then specifically to the ULSG, no, we have no remaining secondary guaranteed business within our block. And any impact from an assumption change on the reinsured block would be entirely offset by a reinsurance credit. And so again, that obviously does reduce the risk in our block of business as we go into the third quarter review.
Deanna Strable: Yes, Andrew, that is our intent. Obviously, around the edges, whether it gets exactly to $800 million or a range around that, obviously, things happen at the end of the quarter that you don't always understand. But that's our desire. Obviously, if anything, greatly increases the risk from a credit perspective, we'll be prudent and disciplined relative to that. But sitting here today, that's our desire.
Deanna Strable: Yes. I think you come back to that LDTI does not impact the underlying economics, free cash flow generation or capital position. We feel good about our hedging positions that we have across our portfolio and don't feel that LDTI will impact that. I also come back to that a majority of that does sit in AOCI that volatility. And again, still feel that looking at equity and book value ex AOCI is the appropriate metric, one, given the fact of the volatility there and not all assets and liabilities are running through with LDTI or mark-to-market. So we wouldn't contemplate any changes sitting here today.
Daniel Houston: I'll have Pat address that. Again, I would just say, Tom, appreciate the question. We did have really strong results coming out of PGI, and there's a little bit of explanation with regards to some of the fees, but I'll have Pat give you those details.
Daniel Houston: The only other thing I might add is, a lot of PAT, expenses or variable expenses, and we are across the entire organization aligning expenses with our estimated revenues. And so a very conscientious effort to preserve as much margin as we possibly can.
Daniel Houston: That's a good question, Jimmy. And as we all know, it's a tight labor market to retain and attract talent. You have to have good benefits. And I'm like you awestruck at just how strong the results are. And maybe we'll just have Chris provide some insights and perspective on the strength of the RIS-Fee business.
Daniel Houston: To get the benefit, we already had 2 questions answered with 1 question. So you still get a follow-up there, Alex.
Daniel Houston: Alex, it's also probably worth noting that -- and we've talked about this historically, and that is some of the value creation from the Platform is captured within asset management, where we're able to get mandates for existing customers and the IRT customers, TRS benefits are captured and oftentimes within our NQ or the Life area. And of course, the participants rollover opportunities will show up in our mutual fund complex.  So again, I think we have to be thinking in a very comprehensive way when we think about the value of the retirement platform, and where some of these benefits are accruing within the overall organization. Hopefully, that helps.
Daniel Houston: Right now, we feel strong, Andrew, that our organic investment is where we want to put our focus in all of our businesses. We certainly have a sort of an active pipeline of seeing and putting eyes on asset prices, and all the businesses in which we do business. But at this point in time, we do not anticipate deploying capital beyond Emerald, which is, of course, the investment in -- I'm sorry, in China, with regards to our enterprise annuity build-out.
Daniel Houston: Yes. So again, very much on track having sought and received the regulatory approval. There's some final steps that we're taking with CCB itself, but definitely see this coming to close before the end of the year and feel very good about leveraging that existing relationship with China Construction Bank.
Daniel Houston: Thank you, operator. I appreciate that. I just want to highlight a couple of recent additions to the Principal leadership team. Teresa Hassara will work with Chris Littlefield to lead our workplace savings and retirement business. Teresa has spent the last 25 years helping shape the workplace retirement solutions, and will be just a tremendous add here at Principal.  We also want to welcome Natalie Lamarque, who has joined us as our new General Counsel. Natalie has had extensive experience and unique experience within the industry that will provide a welcome perspective to the company. She'll also receive compliance and our government relations operations. It's wonderful to have both Teresa and Natalie joined the organization.  I look forward to, and I know the other executives look forward to visiting with investors here over the next couple of weeks to answer any unanswered questions. Thank you for your time today.
Patrick Halter: Tom, thanks for the question. And maybe the only thing I'd highlight is in the second quarter, we did have some performance fees that were noted, and I think you're aware of those. And that was predominantly driven by real estate transactions. And as you know, the timing of those real estate transactions is quite variable. It kind of depends on market conditions, client demand when they want to sell, our portfolio management views of when the right time to sell. And so we did have some elevated performance fees in the second quarter that probably are front end loaded a little bit for the year, relative to the full year outlook to take advantage of some of the market conditions that we saw in the real estate center. That being said, we continue to have a good pipeline of real estate transactions that I think will be able to harvest performance fees longer term. But probably as we look forward into the second half of the year, Tom, performance fees probably will be a little more slightly muted, as market conditions warrant, but continue to have very strong, I think, expectations for the management fee outlook.
Patrick Halter: Yes. I think it is, Tom. We clearly continue to see pressures in the management fees, particularly given the negative equity markets and the fixed income results that we saw in the first half of the year, which will put some pressure on, I think, margins. But that being said, we are very focused on preserving margins and within a target range that we put into our outlook for the year, which was 39% to 42%. And we expect to be in that range, likely probably at the lower end of that range, but definitely are going to expire, and our management team is focused on keeping those margins in that range.
Patrick Halter: Yes. Thanks for the question, Jimmy. So on the 1-year numbers, we have had some, I think, performance that is in more in the third and fourth quarter, predominantly due to our style of investing. On the equity side, it's predominantly a quality growth philosophy into our investment approach, whereas value in cyclical, certain style of investing has performed much better. That being said though, Jimmy, we really haven't seen a correlation between 1-year performance and net cash flow, which is really the important, I think, variable to look at.  As we see, and as you look at our 3-, 5- and 10-year performance numbers, those are probably more, I think, insightful in terms of what that translates into investment net cash flow going forward. And we continue to see very strong, I think, results in that longer-term sort of horizon. We still have a really strong base of strategies that are competitive in the eyes of investors and desired by investors in the marketplace. We saw that in the second quarter with some of our equity capabilities, very desired in the marketplace yet.  We saw that in some of our high -- sort of income-orientated capabilities. And we actually think that's continued to create momentum for us in the third quarter, Jimmy. We continue to see very strong desires for some of the things that we offer. Real estate, absolutely continues to be desired. We continue to see desirability for some of our specialty income products, and that's actually starting to accelerate in the high-yield sector and preferred and emerging market debt. And we continue to see some of our equity capabilities continue to be desired in the marketplace. So our sort of solutions, our sort of broad-based capabilities I think, are still relevant in the eyes of investors, and still feel good about the performance, delivering net cash flow that will be positive as we look forward.
Patrick Halter: Yes. Thanks, John. The timing really is much more aligned with where the properties are at. They're stage of development or stage of just acceptability in terms of sort of harvesting the gains off those properties. It's really a market condition evaluation, John, where the real estate values are, what we're actually sort of looking forward and seeing, what our clients' desires are, what our portfolio managers feel is the right time to harvest those gains.  And so it's not a financial sort of arbitrage discussion, it's really to optimize the performance of that asset. And so the timing is variable, and it will be dependent on market conditions and the decision-making of our portfolio managers.
Patrick Halter: No, I just think the second half of 2022, obviously, macro headwinds. And as we talk to the managers, particularly in the private equity side, the current market outlook and lagging nature of the return cycle, we could see some pullback clearly in our alts performance and probably be below trend to what we've been seeing in the past.
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Thanks, Dan, and thanks, Jimmy. Again, I think you're right. We are definitely benefiting from the labor markets, and the competition for talent, both low employment, higher comp, competition, and we're also seeing very strong customer retention. And we're seeing mid-teens growth in our deferrals and employee matches above what we would normally expect.  And if we break that down, we're seeing growth in the number of our participants is up, our in-plant participant growth, those that are deferring is up. Our average deferrals per members are up. The number of participants receiving an employer match has increased by 10% ex IRT. So we're just seeing really, really strong performance from both employee deferrals, employer match increases and the benefits from the labor markets.  On the withdrawal, we definitely are seeing a bit more a little bit elevated, but it's slight, largely due to the job changing that we're seeing and the churn a little bit in the employment market. So that's driving a small -- a slight increase in participant withdrawals as a percent of average AV, but it's modest.
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. Thank you. Yes. I mean, I think, as you noted, the fee businesses are certainly seeing a little bit of margin pressure. But as Deanna pointed out in her comments, we also have a spread-based retirement business. And we do look at managing those in total. And so when you get the offset, it's helpful. As we think about the fee margin going forward, the macro headwinds are providing the greatest pressure to the margin performance.  And obviously, as Deanna mentioned in our comments, there's a natural lag to adjusting to the speed at which the market's moved on both equities and fixed income in the second quarter. So we're going to be looking at really pulling revenue and expense levers to narrow the gap to the margin guidance we initially provided. And obviously, some of that will be dependent upon market performance. We certainly have seen a better market performance to start the third quarter. So the combination of us remaining disciplined on expenses, looking for additional revenue opportunities, as well as market should help us close and narrow that gap to the margin guidance we originally provided.
Christopher Littlefield: Yes, sure. Erik. Certainly, the macro pressures are the biggest driver of that. There is some offset and some additional expense pressure happening from some post migration work on IRT and the Trust and Custody businesses. As you all remember, we just brought over the Trust and Custody business at the end of February. So we are seeing some elevated expenses through the balance of this year as we bring that business and get that business in our normal state. But again, we're going to be really disciplined in working to narrow that gap to the guidance we provided.
Christopher Littlefield: Yes. I mean, we're seeing strength across all plan segments. But with respect to small, medium, large and mega, we're seeing really nice momentum. In the SMB market, in particular, we saw a really nice cash flow. We saw participant AVs up at about 5% year-over-year. Our total contracts, our total plan numbers in the SMB space are up, and our recurring deposits in the SMB space alone are up about 14%.  And we have concentrations in our retirement business, I think, similar to Amy's in the professional scientific technical services segment, which is a very large portion of our retirement block, which is projected to have the second highest growth behind health care over the next 7 years or so. So we feel really good about our position on the retirement side in the SMB space as well.
