Daniel Houston: Yes. Thanks, Ryan. This is Dan. It's a good question. And as we all know, this trust and custody business is quite different than what I'll consider is the traditional full-service model. And the reality is that these short-term interest rates do matter, and it's not insignificant. But with that, I'll have Renee provide you with any short thought she might have on sensitivities going forward, if there's another downtick in short-term interest rates.
Daniel Houston: But I think that it's also true to say that over a longer period of time, as we wean ourself off this system, we will see a material reduction in cost because of many of the synergies that we've discussed in getting to this point. But those will not materialize, I think the word you used, Tom, was like a cliff, in 24 months. It will take some period of time to have that materialize.
Daniel Houston: So let me hit that first, and I'll toss it to Renee. The first and foremost is we're 100 days into this transition, and we frankly couldn't be more excited about the feedback we're getting from a number of different constituents, starting with employees that were previously with Wells Fargo. They're excited about joining our retirement asset management organization. The second is we have hosted many, many clients of all sizes, and the feedback has been quite positive. The third constituency is obviously the advisors, consultants, the gatekeepers, investment advisors to these plans. And again, many of those are individuals and organizations we haven't previously worked with closely. And I think they have been pleasantly surprised not only by the strategy that we're using to transition the business but, equally important, some of the capabilities that they currently don't enjoy today that they will enjoy once we transition the plans over. So with that, I'll ask Renee to speak maybe specifically to the 10% number.
Daniel Houston: Yes. We're really excited about the net cash flow improving. And Pat and Tim have just done a great job getting out. And there's a lot of variables and a lot of exciting news there, but I'll throw it to Tim to provide some of those details.
Daniel Houston: Good questions, Jimmy. Really appreciate it. The only other thing I would add to that is the strong collaboration that's occurring between PGI and PI, just a lot of good work there to partner together to build out this global asset management entity. So thank you.
Daniel Houston: Yes. We'd have to get back to you on that, and we are happy to do it. But we sub-advise to a number of different platforms, including UBS and a lot of other organizations. I'm unaware of any material change to any of our partnerships, except to say that's an ongoing discussion. It never goes away. And one advantage that we do enjoy, frankly, is the fact that we're not a one-trick pony in that we have a lot of business with a lot of different organizations across retirement, across life, specialty benefits, annuities. And so those are firm-wide negotiations and discussions. But if something material changes, we'll certainly bring that to your attention. Appreciate the question.
Daniel Houston: Yes, that's a really big question. In my prepared comments, you heard me talk about the Principal Real Start initiative, and that's having a profound impact on participants in terms of what they're setting aside for retirement. I mean it's really meaningful. The other one, in Amy's areas, that end-to-end digital life insurance solution. Again, good traction. For those people who may not have an advisor, it works very nicely. The Principal Benefit Design Tool, again, there's an absence of sort of understanding sometimes on sorting out and benchmarking against your peers by location and by industry. That's helpful. Luis, the comments down there around Mexico and the partnership with Club Premier and, again, that sense of partnering. And again, we've identified that before. And then lastly, it's Hong Kong and the digital on-boarding for the mandatory provident fund. So as we came to you a couple of years ago and talked about making investments in our digital platform, it does come with a price. We know that. We've realized that and see that in the higher expense structures.But I'd also mention that these five items I just mentioned are about half the portfolio. There's a lot of other really exciting things happening within PGI and PI and USIS and RIS. So we think very strongly, Erik, that these investments are starting to pay off, and I look forward to talking about each one of those in more detail as we come out and visit with you.
Daniel Houston: Well, yes, I would say that the standout here is the mortality in the third quarter, which is not uncommon. But I'll have Renee add some additional color.
Daniel Houston: That's exactly right. It was just that this third quarter was slightly out of the -- what we would have thought would be the normal range.
Daniel Houston: I think every time we go through the actuarial assumption review, the chief actuary and the rest of the financial team, everything gets interrogated because things do change. They're not static. But frankly, we did not see anything relative to an outlier in the derivatives portfolio that would cause us to think about that any differently than we have in the past. We're certainly looking at the interest rates, and Deanna had framed that accordingly for you. We think it's prudent that it would go out over the next 10 years as opposed to 7 years, and we think that a 4% number versus a 4.5% is appropriate. So again, it gets a lot of scrutiny across each one of those. And Deanna, I'll throw it to you, see if you have any additional comments.
Daniel Houston: Yes, I'll take a shot at it and throw it over to Renee. But I would say absent -- if you just took out the Wells Fargo IRT acquisition and just said, was there anything substantively different in the most recent quarter than what we've experienced the last 3 or 4 years, I'd say no. I think it's very much the same drivers. And what we're committed to is ensuring that we're aligning our expenses with the revenues that we can derive. And remember, this is where you get into that lengthy conversation about the mix of business. You get into the various asset classes if someone chooses a more passive strategy, lower interest rate environment. So all of those variables come into it. But you have to look at those reoccurring deposits coming in at 10%. You look at the growth in the number of plans. All the sort of key drivers on the health of the business and our ability to get market share are intact. Now having said that, and you pointed out very well, Alex, we're still seeing pressure in that business. But I'll ask Renee to jump in here and clean that up as well.
Daniel Houston: Yes. Just a couple of very quick comments, the first of which is we recognize these emerging markets are volatile, but its high reward and margin growth, we think, over the long term still -- is very positive. The second is these acquisitions, we look at them through strategic lens. They're long-term in nature. And our view is that there is great scale and capabilities that is derived from acquisitions like the IRT business. Organic growth, as I pointed out, is important to us. It's fundamental to a long-term successful franchise. We'll continue to be disciplined around pricing and making sure our differentiators are known. Capital deployment, very balanced. And as Deanna had commented in her prepared comments, we feel very good about the capital deployment this year. For those of you wondering, at the end of 9/30, there was $250 million of Board authorization for share buyback. It still remains in place. And then lastly, I would say that we very much have a process improvement initiative going on to help drive revenue and take out expense, make sure that we continue to operate in the most effective and efficient manner for our shareholders.So we look forward to December 11, when we can provide you with more outlook for 2020 and tell you where the businesses are at. But we certainly appreciate your time today. Thank you.
Renee Schaaf: Yes. Thank you for your question, Ryan. And as Dan pointed out, the mix of business that we are getting from IRT is a little bit different from what you might think about in terms of our traditional fee business. And there is a spread component to the trust and custody business. Generally speaking, if you were to isolate the IRT revenues, we see about 10% to 15% of the revenues as having an impact on the Fed rate that is established for the interest on excess reserves. And as we go into the earnings -- or the outlook call in December, we can give you greater detail about how you might think about that for the future. But hopefully, that gives you somewhat of a frame for this call today.
Renee Schaaf: It will continue for the foreseeable future. That is something that you can expect to see quarter-over-quarter. The actual amount may vary according to the way that the assets are amortized, but it is a figure that you can expect to see there quarter after quarter.
Renee Schaaf: Yes, absolutely. So Tom, when we think about the transition service agreement and the expenses that are attached to that, that represents the direct costs that we are being assessed from Wells Fargo IRT to service this business. And so as the business and employees transition from IRT onto The Principal, we can expect that the TSA will decline in amount. But then commensurately, you'll see an increase in the amount of the expenses that we take on with The Principal block. So it's somewhat of just a transition of expenses over time.
Renee Schaaf: Yes, absolutely. So I think maybe what you're doing is looking at the assets under administration number and maybe trying to use that as a proxy for how to think about the lapses that we're seeing in revenue or the decline that we would anticipate seeing in revenue due to lapses. The one thing I would caution you about there is that assets under administration figure has a lot of different kind of a mix represented in there, so it's not a very good proxy for revenue. So for example, that asset under administration figure has a very large portion of it attributable to the non-retirement trust and custody business. And it will not perform similarly to what we might expect to see for defined contribution, defined benefit and nonqualified business underneath the block. So I think that's the first thing I'd want you to know.With respect to the lapse rates, as Dan said, this is running as we had anticipated. We are not seeing anything that is surprising or concerning at this point. We have been really well received in the marketplace. We are going above and beyond to make sure that we continue to communicate fully with clients, with financial advisors and with consultants. And to that, we approach this transition process thoughtfully and with a great deal of detail so that we can ensure a very smooth transition and that we can add value to the long-term business.
Renee Schaaf: And that's exactly right. We did have an unusual level of mortality this quarter, and we would expect to see some variability from quarter to quarter. But when we step back and we look at what our expectations are for mortality versus how the block of business is performing, we feel very confident and very comfortable with what we're seeing. So we're not concerned with the underlying fundamentals of the business. This was an unusual quarter, perhaps, but perhaps within a normal range of variability as we look forward.
Renee Schaaf: Yes, absolutely. So as Dan said, I think it's really important to remember and to recognize that the Principal block of business is performing very, very well. We do see strong sales. We're seeing strong recurring deposits. Our client retention is running very, very strong. All of that which, of course, leads to very strong and good fundamentals for the business, which results in a very strong net cash flow and a robust sales pipeline. But stepping back and thinking more at a more macro level, you've heard us talk about fee pressures in the fee line of business. And that fee pressure comes from several sources.First is just the intense competitive nature of record keeping and the downward pressure you would anticipate seeing these with fees there. And the other comes from a move towards open architecture and a move towards investment asset management strategies that are lower cost in nature. And that all puts pressure onto fees. That's been a long-term trend. If we were to quantify that, we would anticipate seeing a gap between fee growth and the average account value growth of about 6% to 8%. And then there is an additional 1% to 2% fee compression that we see that comes from moving from commission basis to pay financial advisors to fee-based. And so what we see in third quarter is very much in keeping with our expectations. We're very pleased with how that quarter performed. And again, it's very strong underlying growth in the business and strong sentimentals and capped with an integration that is absolutely on track for IRT.
Deanna Strable: Ryan, just to add on that, the large portion of the intangibles are amortized over a 23-year period, with the smaller portion amortized over 6 years. So again, over the next six years, that amortization amount will stay the same.
Deanna Strable: Yes, great question, Humphrey. When we say immaterial, it excludes the onetime costs but does include the amortization. And that immaterial applies to both the RIS-Fee earnings impact as well as the total company, slightly positive from an RIS-Fee perspective once you take out those onetime fees and then, again, immaterial at a total company level. So that's what it includes and how we're encompassing that going forward.
Deanna Strable: Yes. I think you're right there. I think, again, a large part of that will come once we take on the business and can experience the synergies. And so that is leading, in addition to that amortization of the intangible, leading to that immaterial impact at this point.
Deanna Strable: Yes. So both there, I don't expect anything from a cash flow perspective. And specific to the AR, it could have a slight negative impact but very manageable within our capital deployment plan.
Deanna Strable: No. I think Dan is right on. Specifically to the economic assumptions, which I think is what you are referring to, we obviously look at all of those factors. Probably equity returns and interest rates are the most significant, and all the businesses have different sensitivity to each of those. In the absence of the interest rate change, all of the other economic assumptions that were embedded within all of our actuarial models were performing in line with what we had assumed in past assumption reviews. So the only one that was really impactful this quarter was the interest rates where, again, we lowered the underlying 10-year treasury assumption 50 basis points. The starting point declined over 100 basis points from where it was last year, and we extended the duration of when we would get to that long-term rate. It did have most significant impact within Individual Life. It had a slight impact in our other businesses, but that was the one that was the most meaningful.
Deanna Strable: Yes. My comment to that is if you look under the assumption reviews every single year, we have a number of positives and a number of negatives. Actually, interest rates, the last couple of years, had been positive to our annual assumption review as we updated the starting point and the path to get there. So no, I mean I think we are very prudent, both on the plus side and the minus side, to make sure we're determining the most appropriate assumption at that period of time. And ultimately, we'll reflect those, whether they be positive or negative.
Deanna Strable: Yes. I think in my prepared remarks, we said that the only -- and I wouldn't say it's material, but the only notable run rate impact would be that you'd see about a $2 million to $3 million pretax run rate decline in the Individual Life business. Most of that will run through the DAC line, and we're really expecting immaterial impacts in any of the other lines of business.
Timothy Dunbar: Yes. Jimmy, thanks a lot for the question. No, what we're seeing is really a broad-based interest in a lot of our capabilities. And I would say, in part, the low interest rate environment has seen a lot of our clients and a lot of our platforms win on the fixed income side. So that would be core fixed income but also preferred securities. And emerging market debt that we have, a new total return fund with Finisterre. So we've seen a good pickup there, but as well, we've seen really good pickup in a lot of the platforms and many of our equity capabilities, like blue chip and some of our small cap, both domestic and international capabilities. And then really, systematic strategies is doing well and a lot of our asset allocation capabilities. So it's really quite broad-based. I would say, just like Dan said, Pat Halter and the team, the distribution team, have done an excellent job of creating an organizational structure that is really cohesively going after the marketplace. And so we're seeing a lot of momentum build. So we feel good about fourth quarter. Nobody knows what the macro environment is, but I think we feel good about the organizational structure we have and moving into 2020.
Timothy Dunbar: No. I would say we haven't had any of the very large investment-grade fixed-income mandates coming the door this quarter like what maybe you'd seen in the past. And so no, the fee levels that we're seeing are really pretty good and pretty consistent. I'd also mention that our real estate capabilities have done really well, and those fees, obviously, on the alternative side are quite good. I mean many of our specialty fixed-income capabilities also have nice fees associated with them. So no, we're not seeing those really big mandates that sort of flip side us from an AUM and a fee-level perspective come in right now.
Timothy Dunbar: Yes. Thanks for the question. Yes, we do anticipate that full year net cash flow will be positive for 2019.
