Luis E. Valdés: Yes. I mean, and again, the $51 million for this quarter, we consider that as a good number for PI, considering the macroeconomic conditions and certainly, normalized by our encaje, $10 million -- that's $61 million for the quarter. And concerning the headwinds, FX and market behavior and total AUMs -- and concerning even our total margin, it's a good number, it's a good number. We consider that as a good number.
Luis E. Valdés: Jimmy, this is Luis. Let me comment briefly before going to -- into the pension reforms in Chile. About our net customer cash flows in PI, certainly, we reported $1.1 billion. Our normal run rate was about $2.2 billion, $2.3 billion per quarter. If you look at your supplement in the Page 31, 32, you're going to realize 2 things. First, we didn't have any country with negative net customer cash flows. All our countries are showing positive net customer cash flows. And then we have India, which is even. But the most important thing here is to realize that the country where we had serious problems was in Brazil. Brazil was showing $400 million in net customer cash flows, positive. And our normal run rate in Brazil was about $2 billion per quarter. So that is where we have the main shortfall, it's in one country, which is Brazil. The second quarter, particularly, the second quarter -- I'm talking about the market in Brazil, was very challenging in Brazil. Almost, we had that stock market down 20%. Almost, we had bad FX rate down to 20%, so that market was, in USD, almost 40% down at some given moment. So we had a very difficult entry into the third quarter. If you're looking those number, you will figure that the main part of that shortfall is coming because we have low deposit but we didn't have a very important amount of withdrawals. So we circled the wagons around our customers and our assets, and we were able to retain all those assets. And you could see that we didn't have any important fluctuation about our withdrawals. It's very important fluctuations about new deposit. This situation is changing during the third quarter. The third quarter has been much more, much better than the second quarter, so we think that the moods in Brazil are much better and moods around emerging markets are much better starting in the third quarter. So we think that we have had a much better entry in the fourth quarter of 2013. Going into the pension reforms in Chile. It's almost a fact, Jimmy, that Mrs. Michelle Bachelet is going to be the next president in Chile. And we were able to review when she released her program, and the only thing that has been said in her program -- and this was kind of -- we were talking about the -- about the AFPs and the pension reform. It's about the creation of a state-owned AFP in Chile in order to address 2 things: first, to extend the coverage under the low-income segment; and second, to extend and have a much more extended geographical reach, in particular, in some places that you don't have enough market or enough size in order to really cover those particular places in Chile. So it's pretty much more in the same way that we anticipated in the last earnings call, which is a kind of state-owned. If that AFP is going to exist as a state-owned AFP, that is going to go after the low -- going after the low-income segment and in those places that you don't have a very meaningful presence of other private AFPs. In particular, in Cuprum, we continue saying that Cuprum is not going to be affected because Cuprum is the premier pension provider pretty much more focused on the middle- and high-income segment in Chile. That is very well-attended, and we don't see any particular reason in order to make any meaningful change, rather than to continue increasing the incentives in order to add more long-term savings into our AFP and pension system in Chile.
Luis E. Valdés: Yes. In light of Larry's comments, we -- at some given point, we had the real kind of 20% down during this year. Right now it's between 8% to 9% down, so it's coming back. And it's running about -- BRL 2.18. And putting this in perspective, nothing is being changed. We have had this kind of a headwind in Brazil, which is a little softer right now. But putting this in perspective, the current spot grade that we have today is exactly the same spot grade that we had in Brazil in 2006. So flying around BRL 2.2, BRL 2 per dollar is pretty much more above the average for the last 15 years for Brazil. So we have had, in the last year, kind of a strong headwind. But again, around BRL 2 per $1 is -- BRL 2.2 per dollar should be the average for the last 10 years for that particular market.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yes, that's right, Randy. The final comment I would make is I think inflation was a little bit lower in Latin America in the quarter, which has also got a very modest effect. But you've got the main factors with what you've mentioned there a minute ago.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yes, that's exactly right. And again, we've looked at this any number of times. Even if we were to try to do some economic hedge, Randy, it wouldn't necessarily work for accounting purposes. But we believe that the best thing is just to let the natural diversification of the businesses carry us quarter-to-quarter.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yes, again, I'll take -- make a few high-level comments on that Erik, and have Dan comment. I would describe the 401(k) environment as sort of "steady she goes," I would say, not a lot of change going on either positively or negatively. I think that the competitive pressures, which have always been a factor in this market, continue to be there. There may be slightly less competitive factors, say, than right after the financial crisis when, I think, a lot of retirement providers, a lot of 401(k) providers were all sort scrambling around, trying to find ways to at least continue -- if not absorb too much of a hit, at least try to continue the revenue in the AUM number. So those things seem like they've settled down. And our pipeline, it's pretty consistent with what it's been the last several quarters. So I'll let Dan make comments on that in health care.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yes, this is Larry, Erik. I mean I think you actually summarized it pretty well. I would just want to -- before I ask Dan to comment, I would just -- want to give our team that manages that business a lot of credit. For many companies, the story, historically, around this kind of business has been cycles of sort of boom and bust. And I think that when you look at our performance in this area of the business, I think our performance is really superior and far more consistent, kind of, quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year than many of our competitors. So I think we have a very experienced team with a strong track record, and I'm very proud of the trends they have going.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yes. This is Larry, Ryan. That's a very interesting and sort of timely question. I think I'll make a couple of high-level comments, and Terry is going to want to add a little more specificity to it. But very high-level, if you go back a little bit in history, even back before we became a public company, it's true that when some of the legal structures were set up, of course, you have a holding company, but then you had the life company. And at that point in our strategy implementation, sort of in our history, the life company was kind of the center of the business units. I mean, that was just kind of the way it was done because the life insurance was the legacy business going back 134 years. And so as we began to develop these other businesses, including Principal Global Investors, many of them just sort of naturally ended up under that life company. As we've evolved and as we become a more multifaceted and global organization, your question is really spot-on because I think we continue to evaluate both for capital efficiency, tax efficiency, et cetera, whether that sort of structure makes sense. And we are beginning to evolve that structure. We talked about that, I think, at different investor days as we are a more global company and we need to move capital around to various companies around the globe. As we have expanded into other areas like International and mutual funds, we put those companies outside the life company and the legacy, really, is PGI is still under the life company. So that's a real set-up for Terry to sort of take it from there. But that's kind of the background and the history of it.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Well, I guess, what I would say to that, Ryan, is that we would manage that and do that in a way that will not have a substantial impact to the RBC ratios of the life company.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yes. I'm not sure I got all that question, but I think, essentially, you were asking about how the rating agencies would view that. And I guess, again, my general comment there would be that, of course, the rating agencies don't all have a unified or single view around these types of things. So we've begun that discussion with the rating agencies. I think, so far, I would certainly describe all of our conversations as very constructive. And we don't -- again, we don't see significant hurdles that we have to overcome, but we want to continue to work very proactively with them as we do it, and we want to take account of whatever concerns they have. But I don't think it will be an impediment at the end of the day. We'll just have to have those individual discussions to get their point of view.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Jimmy, this is Larry. Thanks for the questions. I would frankly take a little bit of exception to the comment on flows. I think that sometimes, your toughest competitor is yourself, and that's kind of a nice problem to have. And I think that your comment or your observation is really in relationship to Principal's flows. But I think the better measuring stick is, really, to sort of look at our flows as compared to competitors'. And I'm highly confident that if you look at -- within any of those businesses, particularly, the mutual fund business and the institutional business, you would find that our flows are really as strong as anyone's. So for example, yesterday, T. Rowe, Franklin, Janus and Federated reported, and they all reported pretty significant negative flows. This morning or last night, Legg Mason reported. They reported significant negative flows. That's as compared to $1.5 billion positive flows for PGI. So ours is a very strong story, and I would encourage you to look at kind of the industry flows and not necessarily make the comparison singularly or directly against what we might have done in the prior quarter. Because, once again, we would have been among the leading performers in those prior quarters. So with that, let me ask Jim to comment on institutional. And I'll have Luis comment on International.
Larry D. Zimpleman: This is Larry, Jimmy. I just want to make just 2 quick points. One is that the discussion in Chile is more around how to get the replacement ratios up. And so the discussion is more on how to generate additional contributions. So I actually think this discussion around pension reform in Chile is going to be a positive, not a negative. So that would be Point 1. Point 2 is just to make -- just to illustrate, I would say, the influence that we have -- "we" is a collective we. So for example, if you look at the independent chair of Cuprum's board, he happens to have been the Minister of Economy when Michelle Bachelet was the President previously. So that shows, I think, the sort of influence that we will have if and when any of these proposals get to a legislative state. You can bet that we'll be providing our views and commenting on the strengths of the AFP system over the 30-year period.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Sean, this is Larry, I just want to add one quick point. Having been around this business for a very, very long time, I certainly have to make the observation that from 2011 to 2012, we grew the sales by 1/3. So we went from roughly $8.4 billion to $11.2 billion. So when we say that we don't know whether 2013 sales are going to hit the level of 2012, we really need to sort of remember that we had a 30% increase the prior year. And so the notion that you're going to have a 30% increase and then, put another increase on top of that, becomes a little bit challenging. So this is the normal pattern that you sort of see in this business, is you'll see jumps along the way, and then you'll see it sort of plateau off and then -- for a year or so, then you'll see it jump again. And that's been the trend, really, over the longer term.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Yes. This is Larry, that's a very good question and I will have Dan provide some detail. But to your point -- and again, I think our team has done a really nice job on this in -- generally speaking, it was a little bit more difficult post the financial crisis. And as I said earlier, things are settling down a little bit. So if you look at FSA, trailing 12 months, account value is up 17%, revenue is up 15%, expense is up 10%, and that's why you grow pretax earnings. So that 2% differential, I would tell you, might be a little narrower than what we can sustain over the long term because, to your point, plan sponsors -- and I would say also advisors, because that's an important constituent in this whole equation, typically, you are resetting expenses every year on these plans. And so as AUM grows, there is some ability to lower the per AUM fee and frankly, plan sponsors and advisors expect you to do that. So we've talked about the differential between account value and revenue growth that's in that sort of 2% to 4% range. But that's broad and general, and I'll have Dan give you a little color on the current environment.
Larry D. Zimpleman: Well, thanks to everybody for joining us for our call today. Despite the macroeconomic challenges, as I said earlier, we're pleased with the momentum of our businesses, and our 2013 results. As John mentioned in the opening commentary, our 2014 outlook call will be on December 9. At Investor Day in September, we noted that we expect 2014 revenue growth rates and pretax returns to be similar to the 2013 outlook, but we will start from a much higher asset base as a result of our strong results this year. So while we do expect the global macroeconomic picture to remain challenging, we think our unique business mix and our very experienced management team will allow us to achieve an ongoing balance of profitability and growth. So thanks, again. I look forward to seeing many of you in the coming months. And I hope everybody has a great day.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, that's right, Larry. Just a couple more comments. Within the last couple of weeks, I was down with some of our very largest clients. We have a client council. So that's 15 clients around a room with management discussing some of the issues relative to challenges they're facing within their benefits package. And as you might expect, health care reform compliance is top of mind for them. But I'd say, the shift in the conversation quickly goes to the issue of retirement readiness and income solutions. There's less emphasis around plan expenses, more time and attention now being focused on what can we do to better prepare our future retirees for retirement. So I would say, our product package with TRS and our product packaging around Retire Secure supports that in the marketplace today. And we're winning a lot of business because of that.
Daniel J. Houston: A lot of discipline on the part of the team to achieve nice growth and, at the same time, be profitable. Remember that our average size plan for Specialty Benefits is approximately 40 employees. It's diversified by industry and, frankly, by geography. And we have -- we've done a good job kind of balancing growth and profitability. In terms of health care reform and how it might impact Specialty Benefits, there's a pediatric benefit that comes out of the dental component that has to be included in health care reform on the medical plans. So Principal continues to monitor that. In most states, what most carriers are doing is, even though they have the pediatric benefit within the health insurance program, they're still purchasing dental insurance. It is a comprehensive solution. It's a best practice on the part of the advisor. So we don't see health care reform derailing our model of distribution today for Specialty Benefits. Having said that, we'll continue to evaluate the -- both the public and the private platforms for our products being on those products -- on those platforms.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes. It's a competitive marketplace, and our rates tend to always be -- we're top 5 provider in Specialty Benefits. And so there are new entrants from time to time that can be disruptive to the industry, but I would say that it's no more or any less competitive than it's been in the last few years. So it's game as usual, I suspect.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes. Yes, Sean, this is Dan. I think that's right. I mean, I would fully anticipate, at this point in time, we could see our sales, as measured by assets under management, down by, say, 10%. And I'd say, at the same time, that our new case revenues will stay about flat with last year. So again, nicer revenue on roughly 10% fewer asset sales. We are getting good sales, though, across all the segments: small, medium and large. And I would just call your attention to the fact that we've got 2,200 new plans this year that we didn't have 12 months ago. And then if I were to look closely at the thousand plus life market, we've increased that by roughly 10%. The difference is, those aren't jumbo cases, they're smaller cases. So that pipeline that we historically talk about has all those large jumbo cases in there as well. So I think we have a higher quality pipeline today and we've maintained roughly the same sorts of close ratios, albeit on a smaller overall assets under management, but stronger revenue. So we feel very good about the mix of business going into 2014.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes. It's just -- to kind of boil it down into 3 buckets for Q4. The first is, we're going to continue to be disciplined about operational costs and holding those tight as we possibly can. The second bucket is around investing in the business, so that's expanding on TRS and the TPA business and also deploying some investment resources out into the marketplace. And then the third one is just a reminder that when we look at commissions and we look at asset management fees, those do stay current. They on the same pace as account value growth. And so some of the fourth quarter compensation increases are because of bonuses towards the end of the year. So hopefully, that helps explain the answer, Sean.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, that's right. And to answer your question, it's true on all of those cases. We'll have to take a portion, invest in the business. On any plan of over $5 million, there is a detailed discussion that's occurring each year on the value of that piece of business. And we know what our margins are on that piece of business, and if there's room, then, we'll work with the client on that. Sometimes, clients want additional services, which can be reflected in the pricing. But for the most part, like Larry said, this is an annual review. A lot of these are 3-year guarantees, and so our relationship managers and service reps are doing a very nice job, striking the right balance on the service that we're going to deliver and at what price those are going to be. Hopefully, that helps.
