Pat Halter: Yes, John. Thanks for the question. It really starts first with client interest, and we continue to see some very, very strong interest in [alts], particularly real assets and in the private space. As you probably know, we are one of the largest real estate investment management organizations worldwide. And so we're going to continue to build on the differentiated capabilities we have within real estate and offer those capabilities through all the different channels that we serve today. And we think there's a lot of runway in terms of not only in institutional space, but also in the retirement space. And then ultimately, as high net worth individuals continue to seek out new alternative investment strategy. So I think we're going to continue to absolutely grow in our real estate capabilities.  We also have some very strong private credit capabilities, and we think that's a place that also has significant growth potential. And so we'll be continuing to build out our private credit capabilities going forward. Beyond that, we'll continue to seek out new capabilities that we think the marketplace desires, things like hybrid debt, more private equity capabilities would be something that we'd like to sort of aspire to continue to also build out. So we will lean in towards alternatives because client demand is increasing. And I think because we have strong capabilities in that arena, John.
Pat Halter: Yes, Tom, I think what you're referring to is sort of this every first quarter of the year, we had a sort of a true-up in terms of expenses relative to long-term compensation and payroll taxes. And that does have an increase in the first quarter expense structure for PGI. And it's probably going to be more around $15 million in terms of what that expense is, and you should not expect to see that expense in the second quarter.
Pat Halter: Yes, Ryan. I think one of the things that's great, I think about our suite of investment capabilities, we have some very strong income-producing investment capabilities. And the actual sort of rise in interest rates are starting to create some very interesting absolute returns, again, in fixed income. So we're starting to see, again, some pivot more towards interesting conversation around the absolute returns that things like emerging market debt, preferreds, high yield sort of debt is producing in terms of absolute return. So that's one sort of aspect of it. Clearly within our existing block because we do have a total return sort of portfolio of fixed income, the rise in interest rates has created somewhat of a headwind in terms of mark-to-market on an existing block in terms of AUM. But from a client perspective, we're seeing some very interesting, I think, eyeballs again on fixed income in terms of allocations.
Pat Halter: Yes, Eric. Thanks for the question. We had, I think, a very across the board, strong net cash flow in the first quarter, both in some of the income-orientated investments that I highlighted earlier, along with real estate that we discussed a little bit earlier, along with some alpha generating equity strategies. We're continuing to see that strong demand in the second quarter, Ryan, and it's actually in those 3 areas again. We're continuing to see some very strong institutional demand, particularly in real estate and in the high alpha generation equity capabilities. And then in terms of retail, the continuation of, I think, the storyline toward desires and strong alpha equity capabilities continues, and we continue to see flow there. So I'm quite constructive on the second quarter yet in terms of the continuation of what we're seeing from the first quarter.
Pat Halter: Yes, Jimmy, thanks for the question. I think one of the things that just to highlight is there has been a fairly significant shift over the last couple of quarters relative to investors and how our performance has behaved relative to our style of investee versus what the marketplace is providing. And we have a very biased sort of approach on the equity side to grow and to quality. And value really has definitely outperformed growth in the marketplace and quality has not served well in the marketplace in the last few quarters. And some of the sort of sectors that have been very much driving, I think, some of the returns in the value space, energy and commodities, which have been big winners. That's not where we spend a lot of our focus in terms of quality and growth. So there has been, I think, a factor tilt that has caused the 1-year numbers to be as they are.  That being said, as I mentioned earlier in my earlier responses, investors continue to look at our 3- and 5-year numbers in terms of their decision-making. And we continue to see in some of our real strong alpha producing capabilities really in small Cap -- U.S. small cap and mid cap and actually in large cap in terms of our capabilities with Blue Chip. We're continuing to see very strong 3- and 5-year numbers, and that's continuing to attract capital to us in terms of sales activity and retention. So we'll continue to be very focused on obviously navigating short-term performance. But we still have, I think, a very strong long-term investment sort of alpha generation platform here, and we have confidence that, that will endure ourselves as we go forward.
Chris Littlefield: Yes. Thank you, Dan. John, good to talk to you again. I think we see the same strength in the retirement space as well. I mean we continue to see strong employment growth across all elements of our business and certainly see growth in small business. We see an uptick in adoption of plans as well as increases in matches across all segments. So we really see the same strong employment tailwinds in the retirement side of our business as we see it in the Group Benefits side.
Chris Littlefield: Yes, yes. Thanks, Jimmy. I think what you're referencing is our Principal deposit program products. So we have moved that over from a revenue share to on a principal bank, and we've seen that sweep deposits increase as we've clawed back a great deal of the revenue with that product. At the end of the quarter, we're sitting at about $2.4 billion of assets in the program, and that was up a bit over the first quarter, and we continue to see opportunities to potentially grow that. But we want to give it a little bit of time to value performance, how it behaves and the risk appetite and returns before we increase our exposure there. But overall, we manage that now more as a net investment margin business -- net interest margin business and wouldn't expect to see big swings or big upsides or downsides as a result of that product.
Chris Littlefield: No, I think you captured I mean, we'll see the TSA runoff prime mostly in the first quarter, and integration costs are complete. So I mean, I think see and we said over the course of the year, we would see margin improve if normal markets existed due to increased expense synergies from the acquisition. So I think you'll see that through the back half of the year.
Dan Houston: Yes, Tom, I appreciate the question. I'll have Deanna follow-up here. Just -- I just want to be on the record with this. And many of you have followed Principal for a very long time, and you have known that it has been our long-term desire to expand our relationship with CCB. And I remind investors, it's the second largest bank in the world. We've had a relationship on asset management and the retail mutual fund business since 2005. It's a very healthy relationship. You heard in my prepared comments that we are buying a minority interest in what is already a well-established retirement company.  What makes them a little bit unique, Tom, is they have pillars 1, 2 and 3. So it allows them to manage money for the national and provincial retirement savings pools as well as the enterprise annuity, which has probably been the most common conversation with investors in the past. And then lastly, Pillar 3 is around private retirement funds of funds. So this is just a terrific win for Principal. We're very excited, and I'll have Deanna sort of finish up with some additional details around the transaction.
Dan Houston: That was under the category of a as we looked at prior experiences and what that looked like. So I think it's our part refinement, Erik.
Dan Houston: Yes. So let me take it and I'll ask throw to Deanna as well will tag team this a little bit. The first thing I'd say is we've been talking about this for some time. But in spite of the regulatory fee reductions that occurred earlier in the year, we do see a path forward for that business, in large part because the contributions are going to start scaling up from 6.5% to 15% up until 2030. There is -- this is a significant pool of capital in Mexico. We think that the legislative and regulatory changes have been made. So we know what the operating model needs to be. We know that we've got a shortfall as it relates to revenue relative to the expenses. As Deanna said in her prepared comments, we're in a position to take that expense out and get it in a proper alignment. So a good path. And with that, I'll throw it to Deanna to talk to the numbers specifically.
Dan Houston: Yes, I start with the fact that I think they've -- it's nice to have the trust and fully moved over along with the retirement business, and there's a clear path forward with a lot of momentum, and I'll ask Chris to speak to your specific question.
Dan Houston: Jimmy, we talked in the last quarter that we were trying to make up for that roughly $70 million shortfall and the structure is allowing us to recover some of it. And so again, we like what we're able to navigate here to recover some of those revenues as originally projected to investors.
Dan Houston: First, thank you for taking the time this morning, and we look forward to getting completion on the ULSG and the fixed retail fixed annuity transaction. We very -- we feel very good about where we're at with regards to return of capital to shareholders, and again, right on track with where we're at, probably equally as excited about the momentum we have in our go-forward strategy and executing on that consistently. We're going to continue to invest in our growth businesses. We're going to continue to invest in talent and we're going to take out expenses that don't add value.  I'd also be remiss if I didn't say how fortunate we are to have Humphrey Lee joined the team. It's been wonderful onboarding him these last 90 days. I know he's reached out to a lot of the sell side and we'll certainly work with the buy side. We want to make sure that the information we're providing to you is transparent that resonates and we'll continue to look for opportunities to continue to improve our disclosures to investors. And frankly, we very much look forward to coming out and visiting with you in person in the very near future. Thank you, and have a wonderful day.
Deanna Strable: Yes, Tom, just as a follow-up there, this was factored into our 2022 capital deployment plans. If you remember back to outlook call, there was a waterfall chart there that showed kind of beginning of the year to the end of the year, and there was a placeholder in there for M&A and/or additional share buyback. So that would have been included in that and thus does not have any impact on what we've talked about regarding return to shareholders in the year 2022. We will obviously give more financial details, capital, earnings implications of that transaction once it's disclosed. But as Dan said, we're very excited about the opportunity and the prospects going forward.
Deanna Strable: Yes. I think at a high level, you're in the right ballpark, but I'll see if Pat has anything else to add on to that.
Deanna Strable: Yes, Ryan, just as a reminder, and you're correct, there will be a true-up in the quarter that the transaction closes to transfer those economics to the counterparty. I don't have the estimate in the first quarter, but we will be transparent regarding the impact. And I would say it's still an alignment of what we talked about as the outlook call regarding those pieces that will impact earnings in the year. And if you remember, that was a total of about $130 million of after-tax impact including the earnings from those blocks, stranded costs as well as lost revenue in PGI. But regarding the first quarter true-up, we'll make sure you have that in and once those transactions close.
Deanna Strable: Yes. So we did update that at the outlook call and did reflect kind of the go-forward kind of prospects there. I think we have a better understanding of the impact on some of the fee levels within PGI and RIS that we've reflected in there, just given the fact that a portion of that AUM is fixed income. And so again, I think it's still modest, probably relative to most of our It's positive on a long-term basis but can have some short-term pressures just given the impact on the AUM.
Deanna Strable: Yes. Ultimately, you're going to see it in a number of places. But again, it can take some time to emerge. Obviously, net investment income, you'll see benefits from. So obviously, that would be primarily in spread in the insurance businesses. You'll have some impact ultimately on our pension costs, which actually gets spread across all of our businesses. Claim reserves and capital backing our insurance businesses would benefit as well. And so again, primarily the benefits would be in more of the annuity and insurance businesses.
Deanna Strable: Yes, I'll make some comments and then see if Chris wants to add in as well. Do keep in mind, Suneet, that the current quarter results do include retail fixed annuities. So that will be adjusted out the transaction closes. We also saw some positive volatility and gains. Those again, tend to be stronger in the first part of the year and then normalize out for the rest of the year. But I would probably still point you back to our outlook ranges for the full year and really on those post-transaction ranges for both revenue growth and margin. But again, first quarter was a really strong start to the year. And some of that trend, I think, will continue, some, we'll see some volatility quarter-to-quarter.
Deanna Strable: Yes. Just 1 comment there that you may not be aware of, but Mexico did have a hit from encaje in the quarter. That would have been in the magnitude of $4 million to $5 million. And so that earnings would have been slightly positive in the quarter. So I just wanted to make sure that you understood I don't think we explicitly split out the significant variance by country, but that was the impact in Mexico.
Deanna Strable: Yes. Thanks, Alex. We can follow up with you to some of the specific splits on the expenses. But I kind of go back to what Dan talked about. Whenever you have a quick move in the markets, there can be some lag in our ability to adjust our expenses. But our management team is really focused on that. We have a proven history of that.  If I look at quarter-over-quarter, even with net revenue up in the 4% to 6% range, our comp and other is only up less than 2%. And if you go back to a trailing 12-month basis, when we saw 12% to 14% increase in revenue, our comp and other is only up 9%. And so something we look at. We take very, very seriously. You might see some lag relative to that, but no doubt that we will continue to focus on adjusting the expense base either through variable natural basis or other actions to make sure that we're producing margins that these businesses should produce.
Deanna Strable: Yes. I'll make a few comments and then see if Chris has anything to add. So the first thing is integration costs are now complete. So you're no longer having that come through from a significant variance perspective. And then even though we have seen a ramp down of TSA and a start of the synergies, that will obviously ramp up now that is all complete. And so you will see that flowing through both RIS-Fee expenses as well as total company, and you'll see some more of that as we go through the rest of the year.
