Larry Donald Zimpleman: Joanne, this is Larry. I'll let Dan comment. But what I would say at a very high level is that we're really in a very nice sweet spot in terms of our retirement sales. And I say that based on, of course, having great distribution presence and continuing strong pipeline. We also have, because of PGI, we have very solid investment performance to present to clients. And of course, the unique bundling that we do around total retirement services, as well as a lot of or worksite activities, really does put us in a strong competitive position. I'll let Dan give you some of the specifics.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Joanne, this is Larry. I would say, it impacts at about $15 million to $20 million in terms of quarterly earnings, so you can sort of work it out from that.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sure, John. This is Larry. Let me make a few comments. And what I would say here is a very general comment before I walk through a little bit of detail with you. What I would is say is that guidance is based on a full year. And I'd say, it would be very important to remember that things that happen over the course of a full year don't happen in 25% increments over each quarter, okay? So for example, a variable investment income, as an example. Last year, that was a little bit front-loaded. This year, we expect it to be a little bit back-loaded. You have seasonality in Specialty Benefits, as we've commented before. The general comment you might see specialty benefits first quarter earnings be 20% of the full year earnings, not 25%. So what I would say is if you sort of take Terry's normalized, the $0.72, you ramp it up to 2% to 3% that you'd expect so based in our assumptions of equity market growth. That gets you very near the $2.95 to $3 level. You then adjust for things like variable investment income, specialty benefits. You adjust for the change in share count. And you are, if you will, well inside our previously communicated guidance. Having said all of that, we obviously don't update that guidance, and it really doesn't take into account, John, at all, the very strong asset accumulation and net cash flow growth that we saw in the first quarter, which obviously hasn't yet fed through to financials because it's just received in the current quarter. And as the market stays steady and that continues to repeat itself in subsequent quarters, that's going to be a very significant tailwind on earnings as we go into the subsequent quarters of 2012. So like always, there's a number of assumptions in there. But the key thing, I would continue to remind everybody is things don't happen in 1/4 increments every year. There's front loads, there's back loads. All that's taken into account when we gave our guidance back in December.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Right. So that's an interesting question, John. And I suspect that every management team you talk to might have a little bit different view on share repurchase in the era post the financial crisis. I think we have tried to communicate over several different times, including at our earnings guidance for 2012 that we see share repurchase now as a more opportunistic lever for us. And we frankly see higher levels of common stock dividend as a more regular level -- lever for us to return capital to shareholders. So we see ourselves moving to higher payout ratios over time, and we see ourselves moving to somewhat lower levels of share repurchase over time because we do want to invest in the businesses. And to the extent we would do share repurchase, we would look at that based on sort of our view of the intrinsic value of the shares versus where they're trading at. So in the past, I think share repurchase for many companies has been more of a "automatic lever." And in our case, we're really trying to not see as much capital return in share repurchase and we're trying to be more thoughtful to make sure that we're doing share repurchase at the right times and that we're not doing it at the wrong times. So I hope that helps a little bit.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Right. And again, a lot of that, John, is because I think we are trying to recognizing the changing nature of our business model with more fee-based earnings. I would argue that it's much more appropriate for us as a management team and a Board to think about returning capital to shareholders in the form of common stock dividends more than share repurchases. What you already know from things we've communicated is that somewhere between 65% and 70% of our operating earnings for the year are going to be able to flow through as capital deployed back to shareholders based on whatever amount of M&A we might do. So I don't have to sit and really give you a large share repurchase. I mean, investors already know that the vast majority of our earnings are able to be returned to shareholders. So we've shown in the past, we're good stewards of our capital. Again, the thing I would want to communicate is that it's going to be done more as common stock dividends and higher payout ratios. That's appropriate because we moved to a more fee-based business model, and that's very different than our competitors, where perhaps they're able to return 40% or 50% of their earnings back to shareholders. In our case, that number is closer to 65% to 70%.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Right. You're exactly right. While there was some positive benefit FSA in this quarter, it wasn't as great because of the DAC accounting as it would have been under the prior set of rules. So maybe I'll see if Terry wants to comment a little bit about that.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Right. Chris, this is Larry. Again, what I would say is that and certainly, we're well aware of some other companies that will announce the potential, the potential for a large multi-year share repurchases. And what I would say is, first of all, I don't think that that's necessarily an approach that as a Board that they necessarily gotten comfortable with. We've tried to take an alternative, which is to recognize that there is a substantial free cash flow generation capability here. And we've now again tried to refine that further by recognizing that there are times that your shares are outside of what you would consider to be the intrinsic value. If we saw an extended period where that was the case, not one day but if we saw an extended period where that were the case, we'd certainly be in position to be able to execute a share buyback. But our focus in terms of capital deployment, our focus really is more on moving to a higher payout ratio over time and continuing to invest in the business as we need to. So again, the fact that we've done 4 acquisitions in the last year exactly in the spot we want and there's always some level of sort of pipeline around M&A that you'd want to be in position to execute on I think makes them, and I completely agree with this, would make me cautious about wanting to promise too much, too far into the future. So that's the reason that we've gone the way we have. And I think that's definitely the route that we'll continue to operate with.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Balance funds. One of the reasons that we had specifically identified Claritas was because they actually had a slightly -- they had a different portfolio than most mutual fund managers in Brazil. As you probably know, most mutual fund managers are, as you said, invested in not only fixed income but primarily sovereign debt. So again, Claritas is relatively unique because they've demonstrated competency across several different asset classes within the Brazilian sort of security space. So it was very attractive from that perspective.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Okay, Stephen, this is Larry. I'm going to stay away this time and I'll let Dan clean it up for you.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes. So the 408(b), which is a component relative to notification to the plan sponsors, we started back in November of '11. That's effectively completed at this point in time. The 404(a) is the part that goes to the plan participant. That'll happen after July 1 within those first 60 days. And where the majority of our education specialists and relationship managers are spending their time right now isn't on the absolute dollar of the fees. Those decisions have been made. That's water on the bridge. Now the discussion is pointed towards how does Principal help the plan sponsors go about educating plan participants on behalf of the plan sponsors on what those fees are. So there's a little bit of work. Some employers are making decisions to start paying some of those fees separately. Some of them are revising the investment lineup, that they're making available. So that's where a lot of our time is spent. And I would tell you that certainly by the fall time, we will have fee disclosure really in our rearview mirror at that point.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: That's correct. There's a few on the edges where as long as we're reviewing expenses, they might put it out for a check bid. But I would say, for all intents and purposes, this discussion has now migrated to how we go about rolling it out to the participant more so than the employer going back and forth with PFG.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes. Well, Eric, this is Larry and again, I'll take a shot at this and look at Dan and Terry to clean it up. But for what I would say is if you just focus on sort of first quarter over first quarter, the net revenue would look relatively flat despite the AUM growth, okay? The average account value would be up about 6%. The net revenue would be about flat. The reason that you don't see more net revenue growth, and again, I want to emphasize, this just a very short look quarter-over-quarter. The reason that don't see the revenue growth equal to the asset growth for that particular comparison is for 2 things: One is the variable income that we've talked about before in first quarter '11, we had a fairly substantial amount of variable investment income in the form of real estate sales that was distributed out to the business units as additional investment income that was there in 2011, not there in 2012. The second factor that impacts the revenue is that again, if you will, investor sentiment, investor choice is moving away from guaranteed accounts and is moving towards fee-based accounts. From an investor perspective, that's a good thing. That's a good thing. That is moving towards fee-based accounts. So ROA can be down, okay, ROA can be down but free cash flow is actually up. And again, the primary reason, if you just took quarter-over-quarter, which I would encourage everyone not to do because that's too short a period to determine trends, but that is more tied to the issues around the variable investment income. So you will see net revenue growth. We've said before, we sort of expect at this point, net revenue growth will be in that 4% to 6% range. And so now the question about seeing growth in FSA earnings will come down to that point that I talked about in my comments and that Dan commented on in the earlier question. It's a point of, do we still feel we need to selectively invest in the business because we have an opportunity to grab substantial market share and we're investing for the long-term health of the business. So how many of those investments do we have to make in 2012? Or would we rather put all of that into your earnings growth and the answer is, it will be some of both. So we'll see net revenue growth, we'll see some earnings growth, but net revenue is going to trail assets under management because of these investor shift differences.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us for the call today. And as always, we appreciate your continuing interest. As I said in my opening comments, the momentum behind our business remains very, very strong and I do believe that our fee-based business model, along with the improving credit losses, will allow us to continue to return significant amounts of capital to shareholders while still investing for our future. So thanks again for listening. I look forward to seeing many of you on the road in the coming quarter.
Daniel J. Houston: Thanks, Larry. So Joanne, a couple of stats that you might find interesting. The growth really was across emerging dynamic and institutional, which is the way we like to see it. We did have 7 nice-sized institutional plans come in. Those were plans over $100 million but nothing over $1 billion. So again, this speaks right at that lower end of large and high-end of medium-sized marketplace. We had good traction again continuance and the third-party administration area. About 40% of the sales for the quarter were TRS or Total Retirement Suite some combination of DVDC or non-qualified or ESOP. And alliance sales were up roughly 120% from first quarter of 2011, as Larry mentioned in his earlier comments. We did add Edward Jones, which is a really great partner for PFG, and we're looking forward to working with the people at Edward Jones.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes. We feel good about that. Thanks for noticing that, Chris. So up a couple of hundred plans, and this is to the credit of the team primarily run that the emerging and dynamic area, may take the necessary steps the better job retaining business. There's also fewer plans being terminated. So we're holding onto those plans and then there's actually been some movement towards startup plans again. So we all keep our fingers crossed that we've kind of bottomed out here in terms of the economic fallout and the negative impact it's had on qualified retirement plan. Pipeline is up double-digit for both emerging and dynamic. It's a little bit flat for institutional but that tends to be a little bit lumpy to begin with. So again, the pipelines are very good and close ratios are very solid. So to your point, we feel good about our ability to grow these plans going forward.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, I think that's exactly right. As we've changed they come to methodology, our Full Service Accumulation, even for group annuity contracts, which has separate accounts as well, will start to reflect -- look more like our mutual fund sales our Principal Advantage product, and that's actually from our perspective a good thing. So we're certainly seeing higher expense as a result of acquiring those. But as long as I'm on that same topic, I was kind of looking closely at where else are we making the investments over and above last year. So what would cause these expenses, where aer we making investments? One is around mobile applications. One is around expense and fee disclosure, which was a significant investment here in the first quarter. Increasing the size of our sales and service teams. We're continuing to build out the size of that ESOP practice and defined benefit capabilities. We're making additional investment in our product development areas as Larry and Terry both commented about the growth in those diversified real asset and real income mutual fund solutions. Allianz Management, we're continuing to build out that team as we added additional Allianz partners. We've got to build out relationship managers to go along with that. Income solutions, this isn't just about the accumulation business so we've got to continue to make those investments around how we're going to help those in nearing retirement and then retirement, draw down those funds. And again, there's a lot of time and resources being spent there. We still think that the workplace is a great place to educate plan participants on the need to save for retirement. And where some of our competitors have pulled back, we've actually bulked up on our deployment of our workplace efforts. And then lastly, you keep hearing us talk about the TPA initiative. That also requires a lot of resources. Some of the expense lines are up only modestly, and at the same time, you can see we've got a lot of work to do. And that's partially to offset some of the erosion that you've all witnessed in the past on changes that are taking place relative to mix of business, as well as this economic headwind that we continue to fight. The other line worth noting there was the recurring deposits are really showing now a nice solid comeback. They're not back to that pre-crisis level, but again, we think that's going to be a nice contributing factor to operating earnings going forward. Hopefully that helps.
Terrance J. Lillis: Mark, this is Terry. As you look at the change in the accounting rule, there's less capitalization that's going on, and there's also less amortizations because of the $3.2 billion of sales, you're also seeing more of the expense incurred in the current period than you had in the previous accounting. Now what we gave as guidance for the year was an impact of around $35 million to $45 million of operating earnings impact due to the change in the accounting rules. Now we said a little bit over half of that was due to Full Service Accumulation. So that's basically in line. So if you look at the upper end of that range, $40 million to $45 million impact, you would expect about $20 million or $24 million or $25 million due to FSA alone. Now you take 1/4 of that, but as Larry says, it doesn't always occur throughout the year. So you're probably getting a number that's more in the $5 million, $6 million after-tax impact on this quarter because of, once again, lower capitalization and lower amortization.
Terrance J. Lillis: Chris, this is Terry. We've looked at the possibility of that. But you'll see volatility in any hedging that you do, as well as the volatility and the exchange rate. And there's an additional cost associated with that, that at this point in time, we don't know if we're getting that much more value out of it, but we'll continue to look at it. As in the past, what we've seen is PI as a smaller percentage of our earnings but now it's in that 17%, 18% range and moving up to a larger range. We'll take that into consideration in the future, but at this point in time, we're not providing that hedging of that currency, but we are providing in the financial supplement more detailed as to what the average we're using on a quarterly basis, as well as the spot yield at the end of the period of time. So it gives you more insights as to what the impact will be based upon the different currencies and the different locations that we're doing business.
Terrance J. Lillis: Randy, this is Terry. The $220 million includes the full authorization of $100 million, and if you actually look, what was deployed was $50 million of it.
Terrance J. Lillis: Steven, just to clarify, we talked about a 10% shock in the equity market, up or down and then followed by a 2% increase on a quarter-by-quarter basis from there would have a 4% to 6% impact on operating earnings. And that was a pre-DAC change guidance. And we think it's very comparable, but we'll give you more clarity on that as we see it play out. In terms of the net revenue growth, the net revenue growth, I think, is probably -- will lag the growth in the assets under management a bit because of the types of assets that don't all have the same net revenue. But we monitor the net revenue growth on each of our different businesses. And that's why we look at margin, a return on that net revenue by each of the businesses. Now if you look at, and what we've said in Full Service Accumulation, for example, we think that the net revenue growth will trend pretty stable, and the stability is in that 30 to 32 basis points -- excuse me, 30% to 32% range for that. But we also look at it the total company and it's really a relationship between the net revenue and the expenses that we really monitor very closely by each of the different product types.
