TimDunbar: Sure. And I agree with Dan completely. I think this is more of an industry phenomenon. So if you look at our sourced flows, we had about $4.9 billion in outflows and of that only about $800 million or so were related to institutional flows. The remainder $4.1 billion or so was related to our funds business. And again, there has been a lot written about what happened in the fourth quarter. Predominantly in December, we did see a lot of outflows out of our mutual funds. I think those was driven by a number of factors, largely investors sort of flee the market in any sort of risk-related assets and so really moved into more cash holding. Two, we did see a little additional movement from active to more passive investments. Obviously, we're more focused on the active side of the equation and so that would have hurt us a bit. And then the other thing that we did see is that a lot of our retail investors were moving out to really realize some tax losses in order to pay for some capital gains that they previously received. So, we do think that that's an industry phenomenon. And I would say, so far in 2019, we're optimistic that a lot of what happened in that fourth quarter, particularly in December has abated. One month does not a quarter make, but we do see some positive actions taking place. I would say retail investors are still a little cautious as they come back into the market. But we said in the past and I would reiterate that, as Dan said, we have a lot of confidence in some of the changes that we've made on the distribution side. We still have a really high-quality asset management franchise. Nothing is broken on the investment performance side of the equation. And we would see those flows turning around in the latter half of 2019.
TimDunbar: Sure. Yes. We are looking at that always, Ryan, just to make sure that we are in line with market expectations. And I would say that we do continue to see some fee pressure. We are looking at that closely, and we'll take appropriate action as we need to. You might have seen that the basis points dropped a little bit this quarter. I would say that's really more related to the flows coming out of the mutual funds. Mutual funds tend to be at a higher fee rate than the institutional business. So we haven't seen a phenomenal move in terms of new mandates, one, and lower fee levels. But there certainly is some fee pressure out there. I don't want to mislead you.
TimDunbar: Yes. That's right. The international equity, we saw some disruption in the investment performance for fourth quarter. And as Dan had said, that's really in line with our investment process. So they're really focused on companies that have high-quality earnings growth. And as you know in fourth quarter with a risk-off environment, those stocks tend to under perform. And they did. What you usually see in a period after that when the market comes down a little bit is that those stocks will tend to rebound. We are seeing those stocks rebound as well so far in this quarter. So, behaving exactly as we would have anticipated. But Dan mentioned, as well as those funds are part of our ETF, part of our lifetime franchise, our life cycle franchise. And so those had an impact on our life cycle performance during the quarter. We would expect to see that start to rebound as well and have seen again that that rebound in similar periods. And so, I think we're sitting in a pretty good spot as we go forward from here.
TimDunbar: Sure. And I think we've mentioned a lot of it from the past, Humphrey. But just some of the leadership changes that we've made, we think are very focused on really connecting with our clients and making sure we understand what their investment needs are and helping them provide solutions. Again we have a very diversified suite of investment products, that hasn't changed. And we have some good investment performance as it relates to that. So, Dan mentioned getting on a number of new platforms, I think that's helpful. I do think some of the investments, or some of the macro environment has changed a little bit. Again, yield assets are a bit more in favor then they were as we talked in third quarter. You've seen some of the interest rates pulled back a little bit, and there has been some muted commentary coming out of our Fed Chairman and others related to interest rate movements. So, as always, yield-oriented products are going to ebb and flow just a little bit with the macro environment that comes into play. I'd say as well, we're looking ahead and we're thinking about what are some other asset allocation types of products that we can offer like interval funds and some other innovative and creative ideas. And then, our suite of real assets and real returns have really performed well over this -- over really a long cycle and continue to be in favor as we look forward. And we are seeing a lot of client demand for those strategies.
TimDunbar: Sure. And one thing I'd point is the long-term investment which remains very strong. And these life cycle funds, I know you know this but they're really designed for someone to be in for 40 years or more. I mean it moves in conjunction with their lives as they move closer to retirement. So really aim to be in those in and out of cycles. And I think that actually that we work really well. A couple of other things I just mentioned in terms of the LifeTime Funds are that they really outperformed over long-term basis. So average rankings across all-time frames had really been on the top quartile for one, three and five years and we've been above median in all-time frames for about 80% of the time so these are consistent performing funds. And we do have some going forward as we said are confident that you will see some rebound in investment performance from here.
NoraEverett: Sure. Yes. To Dan's point, Jimmy, I'm really pleased with full-year net cash flow at almost $3 billion and that's built through strong transfer deposits. So if you look at that transfer deposit line of 26% quarter-over-quarter and then the strong reoccurring deposits that both Dan and Deanna have mentioned, looking just 4Q over 4Q, up 11%. So, a very, very powerful franchise with regard to that growth. We talk about net new plans, but as important is this participant growth and participants with account value. So when we look at participants, we measure those that were gaining with regard to bringing on an account value. And when we see that up almost 7%, trailing 12 months, all of those things are fundamentals that give our lead indicators with regard to 2019, in particular, strong retention. Oftentimes, when we talk about our model, we talk in terms of, one, the platform, the record-keeping service and our reputation in the market with regard to record-keeping and service. But two, equally important is our distribution footprint. And that still remains a significant competitive advantage whether we're working with the TPAs in the local market, whether we're working with an advisor in the large wirehouse firms, those relationships matter and really help us drive those transfer deposits and those sales. So, lots of confidence going into 2019 around the fundamentals and certainly would expect to remain a top-tier player in highly competitive, including looking at consolidation opportunities. We're in a nice position to take advantage of those folks that are subscale today, that are probably over the next 12 to 24 months going to move out of the business. So looking forward to 2019, for sure.
NoraEverett: Yes, John. To Dan's point, we've historically seen this five to eight roughly, give or take, a quarter. We would expect that to continue. The one caveat we talked about it, I talked about it on the last call is we do have this phenomenon of this roughly 2% drag for a period of time going forward. And it's counter revenue. It's not going to impact the bottom line. But as we talked about last time, it's a meaningful number, as more and more firms shift their business model from a commission model to a plan expense fee model. So, we expect to see -- to be at the higher end historically, because you've got that, up to roughly 1.5% to 2% drag on revenue growth. But remember, as we talked about, it will actually -- you will actually see the reduction on the commission expense line. So again, no impact to OE, but certainly, it's pressuring that historical range towards the upper end and a little over depending on the blocks that move from that commission chassis to a fee chassis.
NoraEverett: Yes. So, Alex, maybe go at it -- I'll go at it a couple of different ways to try to be responsive. First of all in 4Q what you're seeing is seasonally higher expenses in 4Q that we've talked about. Also seasonally higher reserve negative. So we talked about seasonality with regard to our reserves in mortality first half versus second half. So certainly from a quarterly perspective and Deanna also mentioned the higher non-deferrable sales expenses so certainly from a quarterly perspective there were some pressure on margin. But if you look at that trailing 12-month margin and you look at the 64% what we're talking about there is a very diversified set of spread businesses. So think about product mix. So we are going to be highly disciplined around our IO business for example. So our IO sales were significantly down this year because of that discipline. On the flip side PRT as you know relative soft first quarter but very significant sale second half of the year and the pipeline that we're looking at coming into 2019 really robust. So you're going to see margin differences as product mix shift as well. But certainly when we said on that outlook call and talked about the margins that we're looking forward to in 2019 and to Deanna's point we have confidence role in those markets but it's not going to be a level quarter over quarter over quarter. It's a very diversified mix of business. That mix of business impacts margins as well. But if we take a 12-month look either back or forward it's a very, very healthy business and we're really pleased with both top line and with bottom line.
DeannaStrable: Yes, I think -- Erik, thank you for the question. I think if you look back over the past decade, we have a very proven ability to make expense adjustments, to mitigate any significant market adjustments. Most notably, we did that back in 2009. We did it again in 2016. And I think when you consider our severance actions both in the third quarter and the fourth quarter of this year; it clearly shows that we've already started the process to ensure our expenses are better aligned with the lower revenue base. Obviously, we did have a market decline in the fourth quarter. But in some of our businesses, we were seeing revenue pressure even before that, which really points to those actions that we have taken. We're going to continue, as Dan mentioned, to evaluate and manage all of our expenses as we proceed in 2018. We'll be prudent in doing that, but we ultimately do have the aim of aligning our expenses with our revenue without jeopardizing our ability to compete over the long term. And regarding severance, probably, we have some of that in every quarter. We'll only identify if it adds up to a significant driver for the quarter, obviously. So, I think, bottom line, we are focused on expenses. We are focused on investing for the long term, and we'll be prudent as we proceed through 2019.
DeannaStrable: Yes. I think relative to margin ranges, we feel pretty good. Obviously, our outlook ranges did reflect market decline to, I think, the end of November. We've seen -- even if you take the positives that we've seen in January, we're down from there. And so I think it is important that you update your expectations for what we deliver here in fourth quarter. But I think I have much more confidence about our margin ranges. We have the ability to adjust expenses to align with that. When I think specifically about the revenue growth and specifically, those two businesses that have the most market sensitivity, RIS-Fee and PGI, for us to get to the daily average assumption, in our outlook call, it would take a 5.5% quarterly market appreciation from where we sit today to the end of the year, that's quite a bit above what our normal 1.5% market appreciation assumption. So the revenue ranges, obviously, too early in the year to adjust any of those. But more pressure on those than I would say on the margin ranges.
DeannaStrable: Yes. Thanks, Humphrey. You're correct, obviously, our fourth quarter activity and our full-year buyback activity was at a very high level. In total, for the year, $650 million, which was triple what we did in 2017? But what I would say is it's very consistent with our strategy. So we've always said that buyback was primarily opportunistic, and it was really based on evaluation of our stock, our capital position and other deployment opportunities. So if you think of 2018, one, we came into the year with a very strong amount of excess capital. We also throughout the year had valuation, which was very, very attractive. And our M&A was, frankly, at a little bit lower pace than we had seen in prior years. And so, all three of those factors really then led to us doing that elevated amount. And so what I would say is going forward, we're going to follow that same strategy and the amount that we do will be based on all three of those factors. We do still have $425 million of authorization as we came into the quarter. But ultimately, we'll be disciplined and focused on making sure we're doing what's right for our shareholders. Relative to the off-balance sheet, there's nothing right now that we're considering that would free up capital to give us more. And ultimately, even though we'll continue to look for that, that's not really in our strategy for 2019.
DeannaStrable: And just one more comment on that. The bridge to the 2019 higher margins in 2019 was more to do with the benefit that spread got from the recast and net investment income and expenses than it was a fundamental change in the margin producing of that business. So I think that will be evidence when we come out with our revised supplement in March but wanted to mention that as well.
DeannaStrable: No I think that's good. And obviously the IR team can help you to I probably go back and really focus on that ratio of expenses to revenue and how that is easily throughout the year that might be another way to back into it as well.
DeannaStrable: I think the underperformance in Individual Life is about $7 million in pretax earnings. I think the underwriting loss in RIS-Spread was a couple million for the quarter. I'd say in total Specialty Benefits mortality and morbidity was pretty in line with what we would expect in our first quarter. The life mortality may have been a little bit positive but I think I'd point you more to the total Specialty Benefits loss ratio which we feel was pretty in line. End of Q&A
DanHouston: Expense actions would be over and above what that range of 4% to 6% would be. And again, just for those others on the call, a 10% reduction on the first day of the year in the S&P 500 that endured and then started getting back on track for 2% per quarter, would negatively impact our earnings 4% to 6% of operating earnings on a full-year basis. Works both ways, right? But we do not embed within that range any sort of expense actions that we would take and clearly, we would be taking those actions.
DanHouston: Yes, good morning, John. Appreciate the question. Frankly, we have not done that calculation. I think if you look to the right on slide 6, you would see some math we did relative to the asset weighted, using again a very common standard in the industry, which is Morningstar to see what that looks like. But frankly, it's a good question. We'll go back and make that calculation but unfortunately, we're not sitting on that here today.
DanHouston: Yes. John, I think it's a really good question and believe me; we're highly sensitive to it. And that delta has existed forever. And it's obviously been slightly intensified the last few years. I think you really have to dissect it, though to understand what are the biggest contributors to it. Because again, we'd have the same number of participants, the asset size is still the same. But it may turn out that the biggest impact it has on revenue is the fact that the plan sponsor and the advisor shifted 30%, 40%, maybe 50% of the asset to a passive model, which obviously has a dramatic impact on the revenue. So those active strategies generate higher revenue. So with that, let me throw it over to Nora to add some additional details.
DanHouston: Just real quick and a very high level, Humphrey. This focus on capital management is a very high priority. Our single and highest priority is always around organic growth. We want to make selective investments where we can build on scale and capabilities. We have achieved this net -- 40% of net income dividend ratio, which again is something we've been talking investors about for a long time and we feel very good about that. And we have roughly $425 million remaining on our stock repurchase. This is a frequent conversation with our Board. At every Board Meeting, it's a high priority. And Deanna can certainly provide you with some additional insights and color on the stock buyback.
DanHouston: I say at a very high level we have had such good investment performance for the one, three and the five and for the 10-year numbers on our target dates series whether it's a CAT or a registered product. That we have one sort of bad quarter here that was dramatic. I would remind you that in some of these instances the difference between the 25th and the 75th percentile is like 150 basis points. So I frankly personally don't see this as having a significant impact. But recognize there is pressure in the marketplace to look for other strategies around target date. And passive strategies around target dates are probably the bigger challenge than is the performance in the quarter, but let me look to Tim to provide some additional color.
DanHouston: When I reflect on this past year despite significant macroeconomic headwinds in 2018, frankly, it was record year for Principal in both earnings and the number of customers that have been attracted to the Principal. The underlying and the fundamentals of business are very much intact. We feel good about it. There are challenges in the industry, but there is no doubt my mind we have the management team in place to deal with these challenges to best serve the needs of both customers as well as our shareholders. In closing, I would like to recognize Nora Everett she's retiring at the end of March after 27 years. She has been very instrumental with our evolution as a company. She played a very important part 18 years ago as we IPO the organization. She played a very important part of the development and the creation of our mutual fund company and played an active role in acquiring WaMu which really launched us so that we're very thankful. And most recently your leader in retirement and income solution. So just want to say thank you Nora for everything you've done for the organization. I also want to welcome Renee Schaaf to step in her role as Divisional President. We're excited. It was very much a planned succession and look forward to introducing Renee to many of you out there in the investor community here in the course of the next quarter or two. So thank you and have a great day.
