James Patrick McCaughan: Yes, Chris. The large account that exited Origin was about $800 million in asset value, and the fee was a bit lower than Origin's typical because it's a large account, but it was in the order of below 30s of basis points. So there's a bit of a loss there. However, I would point out that Origin has had growth from other sources, and we're expecting revenues in 2013 to be at or slightly above the run rate when we bought the firm just over a year ago. And just in case I can anticipate your next question, the testing of goodwill, we're well in the right side of that one. So although that was an outflow in the quarter, we are pretty confident of the general situation and the solidity of Origin's client base. Just to elaborate, if I may, this was a case where a large client wanted to move several managers into a single strategic relationship. We pitched for that. I believe we were a very credible finalist but on the day, we didn't get it. I think that's true of many of these large institutional pitches, but we're definitely in the frame and a very credible contender for that kind of case.
James Patrick McCaughan: Then the page -- I mean Page 29 goes into detail that I think would answer exactly your question, Eric. This is Jim.
James Patrick McCaughan: With your last question, which is really what happens if the emphasis goes in customer demand from fixed income to equities. As you know, we've done really well in Principal Mutual Funds and full service accumulation, as well as Principal Global Investors from the investor focus on yield-biased assets. We have had very good flows into high yield into preferred securities and then the global diversified income fund that was launched in Principal Mutual Funds. So as you rightly indicate, our strength in fixed income has stood us in very good stead in the last 2 or 3 years as that's been what investors want. We have actually got some very competitive investment products and equities as well, and some were mentioned in the script with the MidCap Blend Fund, which is the same team manages the Blue Chip Fund, which is Large Cap Quality Growth. We have the equity income fund and the capital appreciation fund at Edge. So if the start -- if the bias in investor demand towards equities continues as it seems to have started in January, then we will be extremely well placed to capture that looking forward. On the broader question of how we're managing Principal's investment platform, it's very important nowadays to have really top-performing assets in various categories. And then equities, for example, I mentioned our capabilities managed by Principal Global Equities and by Edge, we also have some very high-quality capabilities at Columbus Circle and at Origin. Their performance is probably broadly second quartile [Audio Gap] with their very strong capabilities that will show well at times. So with those 4 groups, I think we're pretty well placed in equities. In real estate, we've been a leader for a long time. Our big thrust for future development there is likely be to be towards international real estate. We've already got a global client base, a very strong global client base for U.S. real estate. The gap in our product range is really managing a private real estate on an international basis. So we're quite happy there, but we have work to do on the international side. And by the way, that can be both organic and by acquisition. And then lastly on fixed income, as you know, we added to emerging market debt with the Finisterre acquisition. We've been developing very successfully emerging market debt within Principal Global Fixed Income. So I would say our suite of yield-biased assets is probably taking our fixed income and real estate together about the strongest in the industry. I feel pretty good about where we are, but clients will continue to demand strong investment across the board. So as well as adding for gaps, I think some further diversification in our investment capability will be important so that we can continue producing for our clients and for sales channels top-tier investments whatever happens.
James Patrick McCaughan: Yes, absolutely. I'll give you a specific example. We took our high-yield capabilities last year and developed short-duration high-yield products, which have gone very well with certain parts of the client base. That's the kind of organic diversification that needs to be done as well to satisfy changing client demand.
James Patrick McCaughan: Yes, the emerging market restructure led -- some clients obviously are unsettled by any change, and it led to outflows in the order of about $1 billion during the fourth quarter. Obviously, that was offset against the PGI levels some very robust inflows elsewhere. I would characterize the emerging market restructure as firstly, we have managed by recruiting people that know our strategy and have been with us in the past and have followed us closely. We've managed to put a very solid team together that actually is as experienced as it ever was before. And we've been around all of the big clients quite intensively because you obviously communicate very closely on any changes. And I would observe as far as we can see that they're pretty rock solid and actually very encouraging of those in terms of the way we're evolving that process. So we feel we're in a very good situation. Basically, we were very proactive in terms of communication and remain very close to clients and distributors. And I think basically, the $1 billion outflow was a short 10% of the assets managed by that group, and basically it was a fourth quarter event. We're not expecting any material amount going forward.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Chris, yes. This is Larry. I think we said in the earlier comments to give you some kind of insight into that, as you know, the actual new sales were up about 36% in 2012. We commented that the annualized fee revenue of that business was actually up 46% over the prior year. So you can see that we're gaining traction, if you will, in terms of, if you will, revenue per dollar as it relates to new sales. And part of that is as a result of focusing a little bit more on the small and medium. Now I'm always a little cautious because when we suggest that we're focusing more in the small and medium, it sounds like we're sort of running away from a different part of the market, and that's not really the case. This really again is more about deploying additional resources and making additional investments. And so it's not like we're running away from an existing book of business or larger plans. We just think at the moment there remains a great opportunity. Part of this, as an example, Chris, is with our Edward Jones relationship. You may remember we brought that relationship on at the start of 2012. And they're an example of the type of firm that is completely and squarely focused on small, medium business. So just as we follow these opportunities, it's taking us a little bit more in that direction, which, of course, we like financially anyway.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sean, this is Larry. Well, we all know that a quarter's a quarter. So it's certainly true that the macroeconomic conditions, Sean, that have been in place since our earnings driver call have been more favorable, the macroeconomic events have been more favorable than would have been implied in our earnings drivers. So I accept the premise of the question. I think we'll just have to see, however, because we obviously don't do quarterly guidance. We don't even really do annual guidance. We do guidance on earnings drivers. So I think we'll just have to see as we go forward into 2013 whether those macroeconomic events sort of stay in a favorable mode and may even ultimately become tailwinds as compared to the latter part in 2011 and most of 2012 when the macroeconomic event -- factors were really headwinds. So perhaps some reason for optimism, but it's still very early.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, Randy, maybe a couple of comments. I'm not completely sure that I caught the gist of the first question on the S&L deregistration. I think that again, we continue to pursue that. As I said in my comments, we think it will take several months, but we don't -- we haven't seen anything so far that would cause us to think this is proceeding in any way different than we would have expected. It does appear that while there's still actually very few deregistrations that have been completed, it seems like a time frame in sort of the 6- to 9-month period sort of end to end, seems kind of reasonable. But I will also say if you've seen one deregistration process, you've seen one deregistration process because they really are all a little bit different because the entities may want to offer some banking products, maybe not others, another deregistration may not want to offer any at all. So they really are different. But again, I would just say that the discussions have been very, very constructive. I think the right questions are being asked and the right answers are being given and the process is moving forward. So we'll continue to keep you updated on that one, but again, everything is moving as we expect. On the DRD issue, I mean, there is a DRD tax benefit for an obvious reason to avoid double taxation. If we -- I think the only basis on which DRD gets changed, Randy, I think is if there's a broader corporate tax reform that happens in this country. And I would say while in the latter part of 2011 as I make my frequent trips to Washington, D.C. and listen to decision makers there, I might have had some hope in the latter part of 2011 that there actually might have been some corporate tax reform. But I will tell you that as I listen to the dialogue today post the election, I would say my view that the probability of corporate tax reform is going down and is going down fairly substantially. So I'm not expecting and we're not expecting necessarily any significant change in DRD unless a broader corporate tax reform happens. So that's about the best I can tell you on that one.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Correct, yes. So the bank earns about $8 million a quarter, and it's a little bit too early to tell as to how that might change. I think if we have -- if we're able to accomplish all the things that we want to accomplish with the deregistration, which would still allow us to offer some level of banking products, maybe not the full suite we have today, it could impact that number a little bit. But again, relative to total complex, it's not going to be significant. I hope that helps.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: And just to make -- I'm sorry, just to finish off a comment on the flows because you asked about flows. So -- well first, on a general statement, Eric, you're correct that obviously a growing block of business, it can become more difficult to maintain growth as a block gets bigger and bigger and bigger. Witness Apple as an example as a company. So we sort of all know that's true. In the case of flows, again, what we'd expect is that sales will be relatively flat. Likely what that means, Eric, is that flows would actually be down a little bit. Net flows will be down from $7 billion. Now just so as people don't overreact to that, recognize that $7 billion of flows in 2012 was over 6% of the beginning-of-period account value. And you'll remember that our long-term guidance has been 4% to 6%. So we are outside the high end of that particular range. So the fact that flows maybe a little less shouldn't necessarily be a concern. It's really more back in line with what our longer-term guidance had been. And then finally, you have the issue of revenues, which Terry said, will be increasing our annualized new sales or annualized revenue of new sales another 10% to 15%. So what's happening here basically is that the margin, if you will, on new business and the margin on existing business are now starting to compress and get very close together, which is what's going to stabilize the overall returns on full service accumulation going forward.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Absolutely, Eric, this is Larry. I absolutely follow line of thought and agree with -- conceptually agree with what you said. If you look at -- I think it's Page 27. We don't need to talk about it now. We need to move on but on 27 of our financial supplement, you can sort of track what we're talking about in terms of PGI's investments as a proportion of the full service accumulation platform. I would just say as a general comment on that, that percentage has been holding or increasing slightly. So PGI is managing about 55%, 56% -- I'm sorry. In total, the proprietary is about 66%, and PGI manages about 55 points of the 65 points. So we're doing well on that score. And the reason we've included the revenue in the script, we'll continue to do that or think about maybe adding that to the supplement.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes. This is Larry, and first of all, let me also say, welcome and we appreciate the coverage that you've picked up on us. So with that, I'll have Jim take your questions.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, Yaron, this is Larry. The better metric really is to look at the sales over, I would say, I would recommend, a trailing 12-month basis. And of course, we're now at the point where we're calendar year over calendar year. So I think really the way to look at that would be to look at the whole year, which is $11.5 billion over $8.4 billion in 2011. Within the context of quarter-to-quarter, sales could be a little bit lumpy. So even though the fourth quarter sales 2012 were frankly just a bit higher, that wouldn't be the comparison because these things will kind of ebb and flow. In other words, there's not a lot of difference between having a 12/15 effective date, which is a sale in 1 year versus a 1/15 date, which is a sale on the following year. So you really need to get sort of a trailing 12 months. There's a lot of momentum behind the business. If we look at our pipelines, our pipelines continue to grow, and our close ratios actually continue to hold or get better. So we do have optimism going forward, albeit, as Terry has said I think both in his script and in some answers, what we're really focused on in 2013 is a combination of moving assets and moving net revenues. So it's going to be a balanced approach in 2013.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, good question. We normally think about smaller plans as being sort of in the below -- plan assets below the sort of $100 million to $150 million range is normally what we would think of as kind of small- and medium-size plans. So these are -- oftentimes, they're startup and quite often, they have $5 million, $10 million, and midsize would get into the $50 million, $70 million range. But those would be plan assets. Again, about 70% of the business we write is a takeover plan so there are existing assets. So those are -- that's our notion of small and medium.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, we actually would probably think about it more in terms of assets per participant. So I mean that would really be the way we think about it. There are plans that have very large headcounts, and some competitors will go after those because they are a large headcount. But as we know in this business, Yaron, what really drives the business is the combination of revenue and profitability and revenue is, for the most part, revenue is tied to assets.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, I mean, frankly, I hadn't sort of extrapolated that into the whole equation, to be honest with you. I don't -- I think, really, as long as payrolls continue and salaries continue to sort of hold in at the level they are, as long as we don't get back to a 2008, '09 where you were seeing significant reduction in compensation in an attempt to save expenses. So as long as salaries continue to hold steady and merit increases continue to be given, those are all favorable trends for our business.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: This is Larry. On the point about FSA margins, what I would say on that, and I've said this many, many, many times, is I think it's important not to take a period that's going to be as short as a calendar quarter and try to sort of annualize or divine some inflection point in that. I think the key thing here is that we are adding more revenue per dollar of new sales, we are compressing the revenue rates between the existing book and the new sales book, and that is going to stabilize those margins and move in to that range that we talked about over the long term. So I feel very, very good about where we are with our strategy around margins for that particular business. And I'll let Jim make a few comments on the emerging market restructure and how well that's gone because it's actually a positive point.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: And Jimmy, this is Larry. I would just make 2 quick additional points, data points. I said in my comments that PGI was recognized by Pensions & Investments as the top place for larger money management firms. It's interesting to note that the primary determinant of that award is based on employee input from PGI. So I think that should give you good insight and comfort about how the broad group of PGI employees feel about both PGI and Principal. And the second thing I would say and Jim's a little bit humble on this one -- the second thing I would say is in the restructured emerging market team, there were actually 2 employees who formerly worked at PGI who came back, who left and came back to PGI as part of the emerging markets' restructure. And I would venture to say you'll find very few instances in the asset management business where people would hold up their hand and ask to return to come back to the place they worked previously. So those are very strong proof points for PGI's capabilities going forward.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, this is Larry. The Edward Jones relationship has gone very well. I think that the buildup of the pipeline to, let's just say, any given level but typically, we think in terms of $1 billion, is faster in the Edward Jones relationship and ramp-up than anything we had seen previously. Although I think in fairness, it reflects the fact that Principal really is a marquee name among financial advisers for either mutual funds or retirement plans. So that relationship's going very well and it is part of the contribution toward the increase in plan count of 1,250 in 2012. So we're very excited about that going forward.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: I'd just again like to thank everybody for joining today's call. We're pleased with our very strong finish to 2012, and we think that the continued momentum of our businesses makes us optimistic going into 2013, although we know there will be continued macroeconomic pressure. As we prepare to complete our Cuprum acquisition on Monday, we look forward to creating a best-in-class retirement platform in Chile and in other key markets in Latin America. We continue to believe that our fee-based business model gives us greater financial flexibility and the ability to create long-term shareholder value through capital deployment, as was demonstrated with our increase in common stock dividend announced last night. So thanks again, everybody, for listening. I look forward to seeing many of you on the road in the days ahead. Have a great day.
