Larry Donald Zimpleman: Randy, this is Larry. I think what you said makes a lot of sense. I don't think we'll see quite as dramatic shift in some of those consumer-driven components. Probably, the one that will have a little bit more impact is that -- and it's a good news event and that's the reality that we are writing on a relative basis, more and more of the business on the mutual fund platform. And it has 2 impacts: One would be, of course, the difference in DRD on the mutual fund platform. And the second is, which is a little bit muted because of the EITF change, but the second one is that we don't DAC anything on the mutual fund platform. So in the short term, that might look like a little less ROA but obviously, in the longer term, assuming again we can continue the kind of client retention we've had, it should contribute to actually improved ROAs over time as that new business becomes less as a percentage of the total.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, there is -- our intention, Randy, is to write small, medium and large-sized plans, write them in all categories. And if you actually look at the number of cases written in 2011, they were up 30% over 2010. And you remember, the assets that were written in 2011 were up 27%. So obviously, we're continuing to focus on the small plan, but I'll let Dan comment on the trend overall for the platform.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes. Ed, this is Larry. I'm going to make a couple of comments, then I'll let Terry kind of deal with that greater bucket about consumer driven. My comment on the nonproprietary, Ed, is really more focused around the issue on new business. The reality is that most of the time, when you write new business -- and the good news is we've been writing more than our fair share of new business, you're not going to drive as much proprietary assets into that new business initially. That's just the way it's worked for decades. And so as you write new business and you write greater volumes of new business on a nonproprietary platform, that will have some negative impact. It will have some degradation in the ROA. Now what happens over time, because of the expertise of our service staff and our relationship managers, we basically convert a lot of that nonproprietary money over to proprietary assets in Years 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 as the investment lineup is reviewed and changed. And as I said in my comment, the great thing here is that our investment performance across our proprietary platform, and particularly on PGI, is exceptionally strong. It's exceptionally strong. So we do believe that we'll see that help us and become more of a tailwind as we go forward. So I'll have Terry comment on the consumer-driven component.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, I would say, Ed, that the vast, vast majority is really just coming. If you will, it's basically net income. So the vast majority of that -- I mean, we -- again, we have excess capital of about $1.6 billion that we want to hold an internal cushion probably around $1.1 billion or $1.2 billion. So we'd have what we have considered to be somewhere around $400 million, $450 million of sort of truly excess cash. We'll work that down, but that will be down over multiple years. So for the most part, that represents the net income that we expect in 2012.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: No, the 22 to 26, Mark, is done on the same consistent basis as the 27 in 2011. If you can see from the slide, the slide says all years on a pre-DAC change basis.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: I would say -- Mark, this is Larry -- it would be our best guess that whatever trends we kind of see sort of operating in the market today, which would be, again, generally speaking, sort of a slow economic recovery, those are the trends that we would be sort of looking at between now and 2015. So we're not assuming any particular rapid recovery. We're not assuming any particular significant fall in the economy. We're assuming it looks more like it does today.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: I wouldn't say there's any change in thinking, Randy (sic) [Mark], but the one thing that I always say is that M&A is very, very, very difficult to forecast. It's just very, very difficult to forecast. So when you'd say to anybody who sits in my seat, "How much do you expect to deploy of that $800 million to $900 million, how much do you expect to deploy in M&A for the year?" I mean, that would literally just be throwing a dart at the wall because you really don't know. What I would say is that we have a strategy that has probably the highest level of organic growth embedded into it. If anybody -- any of our competitors, whether it's on the insurance side or the asset management side. So for us, M&A needs to be the right M&A. It needs to be accretive. It needs to further augment our growth capability. And I would just say again, the real success for us in 2011, among other things, were the 3 acquisitions that we did. And if we could do that every year, I would be a very, very happy CEO.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, you'd have -- again, generally, Randy (sic) [Mark], what you'd have there would be about 8% equity market growth. You've got some of it in fixed income. So it's not going to grow as fast. You've got a little bit of it in international. It might grow at 9%. And then again, we'd probably be looking at net cash flow, about 4% of beginning account value. That would get you to your total AUM growth.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes. Suneet, this is Larry, and I'll ask Dan to comment as well. We are driving positive operating leverage into the business. As we've shown you on the slide, we think that we've driven somewhere around 4 basis points net, 4 basis points net of efficiency that there are truly scale advantages to this business. And we've commented before about how, in the recent years, we've added very, very -- actually sort of the net employee count is actually down a little bit, but we've obviously been adding business. But one thing I would say here though, just to kind of temper that enthusiasm because there are economies of scale, but at the same time, Suneet, it is absolutely critical that we continue to invest in this business. And that means investing in distribution. It means investing in the IT platform. It means investing to make sure we have the right asset management of things in place. So we will continue to invest in this business because it is critical for the long-term success. So we have to balance that. We have to balance the need to drive operational efficiency and scale, but we also have to invest in the business. And I think, again -- actually, again, net-net on a 4 basis points over the last 7 years, that's actually a pretty good record. But maybe I'll let Dan comment.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes. So I'm sorry. So again, today, my guess is that we'll continue to be able to increase that. I mean, maybe it's in the range of 1 to 2 percentage points every year. So that sort of 65 becomes 67 in a couple of years, becomes 70 in couple of years. That sort of rate.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: I would just say, Steve, it isn't like that to get a very solid sales result in Q4, we had to clean up the pipeline. Let's just say it that way.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: I'm going to let Norman comment on that one. He's been Mr. China here for several years. So Norman, take that one.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, thanks again to all of you for joining us today. We're excited about 2012 when we entered the year with good momentum across all our businesses. Our financial position remains very strong and with excess capital of $1.6 billion, we look forward to the opportunities that are in front of us. Hopefully, everybody has a great day. Thanks for listening.
Daniel J. Houston: Randy, it's certainly our intention to sell across the entire platform, small, medium and large. And with an 80% plus increase in TPA sales, that gives you some indication of our reemphasizing on the small case market. But a couple of stats relative to the startup plans and plan terminations. And again, this is a differentiation between not going to another service provider, but the plan terminated itself. What we've seen is start-ups are themselves are down by about 500 contracts on an annualized basis. And if we look at plan terms, those plan terms are still up by over 10% from a year ago. So most of the shrinkages occurred in that small, less than 500 life employer market. And until we start seeing the economy turn around and we see new startup plans and we see fewer plans terminating, we probably won't see a significant increase in that space.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, well said. So you set aside those consumer-driven issues and the market impact. I'm very optimistic that as the economy continues to recover here, we'll get those market, environmental component back into our operating earnings leverage. If you just look at the overall contribution that investments would have contributed to net cash flow this past year, it was -- or to our account values, it was 0. That was the overall contribution that we derived from the investment from this $1 billion -- $100 billion plus platform. The other piece of what I would call very good news comes from Chatham, and it's, "Alright, you've reduced your expense structure. You've made some investments. Are your clients satisfied?" Among our emerging clients that we surveyed recently, we had 96% satisfaction. We look at our dynamic, where Principal is 42% above the industry benchmark. When you look at institutional, we were 36% above the industry benchmark. Overall satisfaction is 97% for institutional and dynamic. So not only are we becoming more efficient, not only are we launching new products, but we're retaining customers at very record levels. So I feel as if we are establishing a very solid base here for our ability to continue to be truly one of the nation's leading providers of these retirement services to small to medium-sized businesses. Hopefully, that helps.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes. Knowing that many of our members of the sales force are listening to the call, yes, absolutely. We do like to think that we can convert our pipeline to sales, but you know how this goes. We don't -- we're not 100% successful. We feel good about the pipeline for a couple of different reasons: One is, it isn't filled with just large cases. This isn't just an institutional place. We've got really great traction going on for small, medium and large. Our close rates are up from where they were a year ago and we feel optimistic about delivering a solid sales result for 2011, and we're off to a good start so far.
Daniel J. Houston: No. The only thing I was going to throw out is we're just trying to test the markets for the economic recovery. We know that we track in our Specialty Benefits division the number of workers covered in our life and disability and dental businesses and for the first time now, we have a full trailing 12 months positive growth. It's not up to where it has historically been at that 1.5% growth per year, but it's now turning positive. So again, we feel good that there is employment growth returning to the small to medium-sized marketplace.
Daniel J. Houston: Chris, this isn't something that happened just this week or just this year. This has been going on for the last several years. All the advisers are out there, doing their jobs with their respective companies and they've put these plans out to bid. We see the fee disclosure frankly as a very positive move overall. It gives us an opportunity to clearly articulate our value proposition. It resonates with the advisers. It resonates with the plan sponsors. And then another note relative to an article earlier in the week about passive investment options and what's the implication on Principal, we have already in excess of $15 billion of passive investment options on our platform. About 24,500 of our plans, call it mid-30,000 some-odd plans, already have a passive investment option, and we have 6 passive options available to our clients. So we don't see that this is a pivotal event then all of a sudden the money migrates towards passive. And frankly, investment return for active managers like Principal Global Investors has really improved here in the last 12 months and we feel very good about getting out and not only talking about fee disclosure, but talking about TRS, talking about TPAs and option and profiling again so many of these new investment options that we have available to our customers through our relationship managers and our customer service associates that are deployed locally.
Terrance J. Lillis: Ed, this is Terry. As we look at the roll down of the ROA since 2004 to 2011, there's a lot of components that come into it. But mix of businesses, as the slides indicated, is probably our biggest driver of it now. I'm going to give you some metrics associated with each of these types of investment but you have to realize that these are revenues that are generated, expenses are allocated to it, the equity market and the DAC amortization, all that stuff that comes into play. But in general, the general account is probably the more profitable business because there are more risks associated with that type of investment and more capital associated with that as well. But that's probably in that 70, 75 basis points range would be a profitability. Separate accounts also have profitability associated with them of around 30 to 35 basis points. Now it is where most of the DRD or the dividend received deduction benefit is coming into play. And so that's why we separated that out. As that rolls down, that tax credit we get will probably be a little bit less. But 30 to 35 basis points would probably be a good profitability measure there. The proprietary funds and the nonproprietary funds, they, as you mentioned before, have similar profitability metrics. It also comes into play as to what types of investments that they're making, whether they are passive or active or they are international fixed income equity. All that comes into play. But roughly, we're talking 15 to 20 basis points of profitability for those types of businesses. And then the employer securities, which is more of a consulting relationship, where we'll be able to benefit as those participants cash out of their plan and retain them in other markets. That's probably in that 5 basis points. So if you weight those, you get roughly what we reported in terms of the ROA roll down in our slide deck as well. Now once again, as I mentioned, you got to take into consideration some noise. The equity market improvement or decline has some play as to how much DAC amortization, but that would get you roughly those numbers.
Terrance J. Lillis: The lower number, the 22 to 26 is on a post-EITF basis. That's a reduction. So that would be down from that 27 basis points that we are saying at this point in time. It's probably a good run rate.
Terrance J. Lillis: Yes. Suneet, this is Terry. The -- in 2004, that business had a much more capital intensive because of the general account mix. So it was probably just slightly below the net 20% range. And so it's now plus -- 25-plus percent. So as that ROA has declined, it's freed up capital, less capital intensive businesses, and you've seen the ROE increase significantly as well.
