Daniel Houston: Yeah, we'd be happy to do that. Thanks, Ryan, for the question. The first thing I would say is it may not happen in - as you stated that in the next two quarters, my guess is it happens over a longer period of time. We always want to take a very thoughtful approach to how we deploy capital. Well, why don't I have Tim Dunbar weigh in on those thoughts.
Daniel Houston: Yeah, it's a good question. Frankly, I expected one. Frankly, our largest concern is that a policy like this doesn't negatively impact long-term retirement savings. That's kind of at the core of the issue. We actually did some modeling. And we know for a fact that today, if we look at roughly a third of the participants that make between $10,000 and $25,000, those folks today, with 35% of them, roughly a third, would be negatively impacted by a $2,400 limit. And that, I think that gets the attention of a lot of people. This isn't a high wage earner issue. This Rothification discussion impacts all wage earners in all categories. If you took that same cohort and you looked at people making between $30,000 and $50,000, today in qualified retirement plans, 70% of them participate. If you take that cohort of $30,000 to $50,000 who are eligible for a retirement plan, only 5% participate. So it gets back to the day the value proposition from an employer-based retirement saving scheme is around payroll deduction, employer matches, profit sharing contributions, and the positive impact that tax deferral has on that saver. They save more. As a result of this sort of policy, they would save less than they would have otherwise saved. So we've amassed as an industry roughly $15 trillion since 401(k) was first adopted. That includes both defined contribution as well as rollover IRAs in a completely voluntary system. And personally, I think the favorable or deferred tax treatment has been a big driver of why people have chosen to go that direction. Principal is very active on Capitol Hill. We're active within our trades to try to make sure we get the best policies possible, and that the education is out there. But, at this point in time, although as I've said we've done a lot of internal modeling, we're just going to keep pressing for educating people on the implications of this. And with that, I'm going to look to Nora, see if she has any additional comments she'd like to make.
Daniel Houston: Yeah, it really has been a nice growth engine for us, and Amy is well prepared to answer that question.
Daniel Houston: Yeah. Thanks, Alex, for the question, and thank you also for initiating coverage on Principal. Nora, you want to go and take that one.
Daniel Houston: Yeah. Let me just first say, Alex, we really have a strong working relationship with China Construction Bank, it is not limited to just Principal International, Principal Global Investors also is a very important part of that relationship, as is the overall company. And again, we know each other well. We have the Memorandum of Understanding to look deeper into opportunities related to the enterprise annuity, but there's also other work being done around working more closely together around Asset Management. Of course, we would welcome the opportunity to have a larger stake, because, again, you cannot ignore a country, whose GDP is likely to represent a third of total global economic growth. With that, I'll see, if Luis would like to make any additional comments on our relationship to CCB.
Daniel Houston: Yeah. Great question, and very timely. Especially, as we look at some of the recognition we've received in a very positive thing about our customer service coming out of Cuprum and our ability to continue to see the net cash flow migrate to becoming more favorable. But a lot of moving parts in Chile, and Luis you want to go and take that one.
Daniel Houston: Yeah, good question, John. And I would answer, D, all the above. It's certainly going to require us to take a look at across the organization. Jim is probably the closest to this topic and I'll have him go ahead and address to that.
Daniel Houston: I don't think there is any question that we'd have the capacity to take it back up to 25% for the right reasons. And as long as it is strategic with our long-term shareholders, we would very much consider that sort of additional leverage. But frankly, we find ourselves in a very good position today. There are very favorable markets to re-ladder our debt and to drive it down, to put us in a better position should the right opportunity come along that we could have more financial flexibility in both the equity side as well as in the debt side.
Daniel Houston: Yes, appreciate the question and we did agree to the seller's terms, not to disclose the price. But with that, I'll ask Luis to add a little bit of color on the question.
Daniel Houston: And the other thing I would add to that, Sean, we've got a lot of experience now with Luis' teams to integrate transactions like this. And, frankly, Mexico, already has several including HSBC that we've done it. So the playbook is good. We understand the future value of these participants and the voluntary component, all the elements that allow us to have a fairly high degree of predictability of success in the integration and the ongoing relationship with Met for distribution. Thanks for the question.
Daniel Houston: First and foremost, I appreciate everyone listening in today and hearing more about our quarter and our results on the trailing 12-month basis. We feel good about the businesses. The fundamentals remain very much intact. We've certainly enjoyed broad economic growth and prosperity around the world. I can assure you that from this management team's perspective, deploying your capital is a very high priority for us. We think there are good places to invest from an organic perspective as well as making bolt-on acquisitions to help us grow the organization long-term. And again, we strike the balance with share repurchase as well as with increasing our dividend and hitting the metrics that we've described before. Again, I would encourage you to participate if you can on December 7 in New York, where we're going to focus on both the spread and the risk businesses we've talked, some of the fee businesses a year ago. And then also December 12, our outlook call should give you a better understanding of how we view 2018 and how it's shaping up. But in the meantime, we'll hopefully see you on the road. And again, thanks for your support.
Timothy Dunbar: Sure, thanks. As we said before in 2017, we'll deploy between $800 million and $1.1 billion and we're certainly on target with that, with the announcement of the Afore that we made yesterday. In addition to that, we have - are seeing really good growth opportunities, both in terms of organic growth within our risk and spread businesses, and within our fee-for-service businesses. But as well, we have a very strong pipeline and we talked a lot about some of the options that we have in the asset management business or income producing assets and we've also talked about furthering some of our relationship with our PI joint venture partners.
Timothy Dunbar: Yeah, as we said as Deanna said in that script that created about $411 million capital gain. And now that we would say there is probably about $300 million or so additional capital that we can deploy. And so, as we talked about we'll do that judiciously and in alignment with our balanced approach in 2018.
Timothy Dunbar: Yeah, just in terms, do we have other gains like this in the portfolio; certainly, we have a pretty sizeable core portfolio. And by nature of the fact that real estate depreciates, we do have other gains that we could realize, but certainly none of this magnitude with one joint venture partner or one group of properties.
Nora Everett: Sure. Thanks, Ryan, for the question. Yeah, just to segue off of Dan's point, certainly, just like the DOL reg, first of all, we're all in speculation mode right now. But just like the DOL reg, we're extremely well positioned for these kinds of changes. I mean, if you think about the significance of that regulatory change and then you look at the potential significance of this regulatory change, we've got the expertise, we've got the scale, we've got infrastructure around plan design, technology. We're just really well positioned to deal with these kinds of changes if they do come down the pike.
Nora Everett: Sure. So 3Q of that roughly $3 billion, we thought just north of $1.5 billion with regard to that handful of larger cases that we called out on the last call. So - and recall what we identified in addition to that was that there was within that $3 billion estimate, one relatively larger case that was north of $1.5 billion that case has not left, has not terminated at this point. And that cases, there's still some question as to whether or not that case would transfer either towards the end of 4Q or potentially, and often this happens with these types of transfers into 1Q. So there's still some uncertainty as to whether we have that as a 4Q event or 1Q event. But to answer your question just north of $1.5 billion, we realized in 3Q.
Nora Everett: Sure. So Jimmy, actually and we talked about this last quarter as well. We don't see this handful of cases as systemic at all. In fact, if you look at the handful of cases that we called out, more - a majority of them are due to M&A and some bankruptcy. So on the M&A cases, we're going to win some, we're going to lose some. But there's nothing systemic about the handful of cases and these transfers. And more important from our perspective is, if you look at our core SMB segment really strong net cash flow, so really pleased with our core SMB business and how that is net cash flowing. But because of the size of these larger cases and the impact on net cash flow, we'll call them out, just to help you all be able to discern what that net - what we're unbundling the net cash flow for you.
Luis Valdes: Yeah, good morning, Humphrey, thanks for your question. One thing that is good addition to our strategy in Mexico is the customer base that they're adding. The customer base in general terms, there is a 0.5 million customer. And those customers, they have I would say a very good quality in terms of Mexican standard, so that's going to give us opportunity to add more value to our services and also to add more advice, and to certainly to expand and extend our voluntary business. So I would say that it's a matter of scale as Dan said. It's moving us up to the fifth position, 8% market share in total AUMs, and certainly is adding a good number of customers that we are going to be able to serve going forward.
Luis Valdes: Yeah, good morning, Alex. As you know, we have a 25% ownership in CCB Principal Asset Management. And today, we're very focused in order to extend our partnership also with CCB in the pension arena. So it's publically known that we have signed an MoU with CCB in order to go into the next joint venture with them. So we - as Dan has said, we are very much more focused in order to extend our relationship with CCB, nevertheless, we're going to be more than pleased, if we are going to have any other opportunity in order to increase our ownership in CCB family.
Luis Valdes: Yeah. Good morning, Erik. First, you could see in our flows and we continue our positive trend in Chile. So we put basically a modest negative outflow, but basically we - all those a negative outflows happened in the very beginning of the quarter - the third quarter. So we continue to seeing a positive behavior in Chile. We continue - Dan said, very focused on the main strength of our Cuprum. So customer service - we continue increasing our customer service, we continue paying a lot of attention of our net investment income and investment return. So with that, as we know about asset retention and customer retention, all the focus that we have put in Cuprum the last, I would say three quarters and it's paying off good dividends for us at this moment. From a political standpoint of view in less than three weeks, we are going to have Presidential election in Chile. And very likely that all that sort is going to finish in the December in the second round. So - and so we will see with that we have almost no chance in order to move that our pension bill ahead in the congress. So it seemed to be that the next government, the administration is going to have to take this. And probably depending who is going to be the next President. I will see that probably they're going to change the bill probably - the one that is right now in the congress. So many things are coming, many discussions are coming. And we're ready to participate in those discussions going forward being very actively working and being a pension advocator in that country, and we're going to continue doing so.
Luis Valdes: Yeah, thanks, Sean, about this question. Yeah, it's going to be mostly a modestly accretive first year, mainly due to we do have some expenses of the - acquisition expenses and integration expenses. And it's going to be a more accretive in, I would say in the range of $0.03 in the second year. So it's a very good transaction. It's going to be immediately accretive. And that is where we are right now, Sean.
Luis Valdes: Yeah, Tom, good question. I'm going to refer to the recent polls that are being published 24 hours ago. It's very likely, but you never know that the most possible next President is going to be Sebastián Piñera, who represent the center right. In that sense, we're seeing that in that case, the political environment - should be a kind of a sensible improvement in terms of the next discussion that is going to happen. So that's our take today, so we have to wait for the next three weeks in order to see what is going to happen in the first round. And then a very likely a ballot touch that has to happen in the second week of December. But my take, it is that we are cautiously optimistic about that the political environment is going to be much better. And that's my personal take today, Tom.
James McCaughan: Yes. Thank you, Dan. And thanks for the question, Jimmy. As you know, the lumpy flows that can happen in institutional were not on our side in cash flows in the second quarter. There were no - none of these particularly lumpy outflows in the third quarter. We had continued outflows of Columbus Circle, but that's more - that's easing up and getting to a better space, because of the changes in promotions of portfolio managers and also because of a strong improvement there in investment performance. But going back to the lumpy flows in the second quarter and running up to that. There were a number of special factors, but what it tended to a fact was some of our lower fee and relatively speaking lower added value mandate. For example, investment grade credit with increased hedging costs, not enough margin lead some clients to terminate those mandates. But you know the other side of that is where you have a higher spread, for example, through high yield that is not happening. And this illustrates the fact we've mentioned before, which is we are really managing the business for added value to clients and therefore for our revenues. The two are very linked. And that doesn't necessarily always have a one-to-one correspondence with the asset flows. And I would point really to - it was a very diversified asset base not particularly dependent on equities. We've seen strong and steady growth in revenues, and that's what we've been trying to do at the Principal Global Investors level. Having said all that, looking forward, I don't see any likely lumpy outflows in the next few months. I could always be wrong, because people do react to things like shared - like shifts and hedging costs. But I'm more confident about the ability to continue growing equity - growing revenues, absent any real dislocation in the marketplace. So that remains our objective, and we actually see some potential lumpy inflows. But again, I wouldn't necessarily weigh those too highly when they happen, because these very large billion dollar plus mandate tend to be on relatively low fees, partly because of pricing for scale and partly because they're often in more liquid categories. Our basic growth remains in the less liquid categories from real estate, to high yield, to small cap, to emerging markets. And that's an illustration strategically that we're running the business for revenues rather than for AUM.
James McCaughan: Yeah, thank you, John, and thank you, Tom. First thing to say is really as a matter of context, we have invested a lot in proprietary research over the last 15 years, developing industry leading tools, both for equity and for fixed income research. We've been investing a lot in data science. I think we've noted that in the past. And that makes us somewhat less dependent on third-party research and data than a typical asset manager. So that's a strong background in this move towards greater transparency by the regulators. With operations and clients all around the world, will obviously be timely and transparent in how we implement this for our various clients and in different investment strategies. And so the direct costs, and as you know where it comes to research provided to investment professionals based in the EU, and also to clients in the EU, some research costs that have been bundled into trading will become a direct expense of the manager. And we will be covering those and they are in outlooks that we're developing, we'll talk of the outlook call in December about profits. But I can assure you at the moment it's a pretty small number because of the aforementioned points that I made about our own investment in research. It's not a number that we'd really end up calling out of it when it hits us. So you know I don't see this as a big challenge in terms of near-term execution. I do think longer-term, and this is welcome, I think longer term it will lead to a more open environment, a more transparent environment for how research gets paid for. And I think that that influence on the global business, particularly with the SEC making some clarifications that help market participants operate consistently between a MiFID environment and an SEC environment. I think that's still in progress, and that will be actually quite healthy in terms of how in the future affects the asset management industry.
James McCaughan: Yeah, we're certainly doing it in Europe. We are finding interest from some clients in other jurisdictions about exactly the MiFID means of operation and the MiFID type transparency. So I wouldn't go dogmatically and say we're only doing it in Europe. But I would say that as of January 1, we're going to be rigorous and clear about doing MiFID compliance in Europe. But I do think that as the SEC clarifies how MiFID can operate alongside their environment, I think you're going to see a kind of more of a global practice emerging in the asset management industry. So in terms of the next two or three years, I wouldn't want to be dogmatic and say only Europe. But I think we're crossing the hurdle we have to from a regulatory point of view, very effectively in the near-term.
Deanna Strable-Soethout: Yeah. As we've talked about in the past, obviously, we try to align the growth in our expenses with our growth in revenue and balance that with investments in the business, but it can be lumpy quarter-to-quarter. If you look at just the supplement for many, many years, you'll actually see an elevated comp in other in the fourth quarter relative to what you see in the first through third quarter. And that can be driven by branding and marketing cost that tends to be fourth quarter loaded. Some of our benefit costs just naturally are a little bit higher in the fourth quarter. And technology costs can be higher in that fourth quarter as well. That hasn't been as evident in past years, because of that seasonality, but because that could be more muted this year, I think you could see more of an impact of that in the fourth quarter. And so, I just wanted to point that out. You can see that very evidently both for PFG as well as a number of our businesses. And we think that could very likely occur in this year as well.
Deanna Strable-Soethout: Yeah, so specifically within our individual life products, we obviously - product designs today allows for flexibility and how the policyholder views of those products. And so, specifically to our UL with secondary guarantee, as well as the variable universal life that we used to fund our non-qualified deferred comp perspective. What we noticed occurring over the last year or so was that future policyholder premium payments were lower than what we had factored into our DAC models. They have the flexibility to do that. When we price the products, we obviously look at profitability over a lot of different ranges relative to that assumption. But we felt it was prudent to lower our expectation of future policyholder premium payments in those UL type products. That in effect lowers your future EGPs, and then obviously leads to the write off of some of that DAC. So that is what happened specifically in the individual life perspective. As we mentioned, not just in individual life, but across the company, we feel that the run rate impact of the changes we made are very immaterial and very manageable going forward.
Deanna Strable-Soethout: Yeah, just what I would say to that is we'll obviously incorporate that capital into our 2018 outlook as we come into our outlook on December. I think we have a strong pipeline of M&A that we talked about. We're committed to dividend increases. We'll explore organic opportunities, as well as other opportunities as well. But I think we'll continue to deploy our excess capital in a prudent way and will be more specific about our thoughts in 2018 at that outlook call in December.
