Luis Valdes: Yes, Ryan. Certainly the new administration, the Temer administration, is having a profound impact about the moods in Brazil and certainly we're very much more confident that the recession is not going to be that tough as it was predicted for 2016. Even analysts are saying that probably in 2017 you're going to have probably a flat economy, if not a little bit positive. That is impacting a lot of moods for our clients and particularly we have been able to see a very important rebound in our activity in Banco do Brasil, particularly Brazilians continue saving money for their long term saving needs and retirement needs. It's very clear as well that for a long time the Brazilian government is going to be unable to put together some kind of strong pillar one for pensions so voluntary pensions and open pension companies are going to continue playing a very important role in that country. We remain very optimistic about our business in Brazil.
Luis Valdes: As you know, let me try to provide some background in China. The Chinese government has been very focused on deleveraging that economy. In line with that, CCB Bank, our partner, has been very focused in order to work and increase the quality of their loan portfolio in their bank. Having said that, in the of last quarter instead of to loan money which is going into bank deposits, they decided to invest that money in short term fixed income and they moved that money essentially into our JV, our asset management company. The source of that money is, that is the source of that money. Having said that, that is why we got $45 billion in net customary cash flows. This is China. But none of that money that I mentioned to you coming from CCB bank. Out of that, $2 billion or $3 billion are part of our underlying long term saving mutual fund retail business. That is essentially from where that money's coming from.
Luis Valdes: That is a good question. The Chinese government has been very eager and keen to try to, I would say, reduce the activity related with the wealth management products, also trying to manage in some way all the shadow banking and also other type of activities and lending activities that you might have there. We're not reporting and we never have reported any kind of wealth management productivity and in our JV, we don't have almost nothing in a very small part of our asset management in the JV that we're not reporting that money, is that kind of wealth management product. But we have a very marginal activity in that part of the business in China in our JV.
Luis Valdes: What we're doing even -- you have to consider the China mutual fund industry is a very short term oriented by nature. What we're doing, we're moving and shifting our strategy in order to be a long term saving provider in China. It looks difficult but we're going to do it and it's going to be a long march in China. As an example, we just launched a final fund presently in the month of July and that's allowing us to really, really offer different kind of solutions, balanced funds and asset location products to our clients. The idea is to expand that offering into the bank platform in order to start moving and continue moving and shifting our strategy towards more long term oriented funds in China. We do think that we do have a very good opportunity in order to do that and we're going to continue moving our JV in that direction.
Dan Houston: That's D, all of the above. It was our attempt to try to capture as much as we could. We're not going to go into the nitty-gritty detail of breaking each one of those down. Each one of our service support areas, each one of our BUs, distribution areas, did the best job they could to quantify what they thought they would have invested and making the modifications around training, around development, around modifying the products themselves. We think it's our best guess and as Terry always reminds me, it will be wrong. Just a matter of degree of being wrong. But we feel pretty good about the number in total. Thank you for the question.
Dan Houston: No, I actually think it's a plus. I mean, at the end of the day we're here to serve the needs of the customers. These participants have long term needs, in large part how to convert these lump sums into lifetime income. It's frankly one of the reasons why I like this diversified model that we have. Whether it's purchasing an income annuity, whether it's having some sort of drawdown strategy, whether it's investing in an asset allocation strategy that allows for income and retirement or whether or not they want to purchase CDs from the bank, there's so many different -- so much optionality for a retiree and benefit event. Will there be a longer disclosure process at benefit event?  Yes. Will we be able to operate very much like we have in the past? I think so, with the appropriate amount of disclosure and we have really competitive products. Whether the money stays in the plan or goes into one of the rollover products, I feel very optimistic about our ability to maintain and perhaps enhance margins in the post DOL regulatory environment. Appreciate your question. Thank you.
Dan Houston: Again, thanks for joining us this morning. We feel good about the quarter. It was a very strong quarter. We think that the diversified and integrated business model is the right model for Principal against fee and spread and the risk businesses. We're going to continue to enforce a disciplined approach to expense management. It served us well in the past. It will continue to do in the future. As Terry was talking there, we're going to take this very long term, balanced approach to capital deployment. Whether it's through acquisition, investing in our organic growth, paying down debt, dividends, et cetera, but again, those are heavily vetted. They're thought through. We discuss them with the Board at length. Again, we're doing the best job we can to support the interest of the long term shareholder. With that, have a great day. Hopefully we'll see you in Tokyo, New York or somewhere else on the road. Have a great day. Bye.
