Renee Schaaf: Absolutely and Jimmy, thank you for that question. Let me first start by talking about the sales that we saw in the first quarter and they are very strong, and we're very pleased with the development so far. And I think the thing that's the most pleasing is that when we look at first-quarter sales, they were strong across all plan sizes, small, medium and large, and in particular in the large plan market, we've seen very robust pipeline growth and in the corresponding sales and of course, we did have two very nice large plan wins in first quarter. I think the thing to know, there is the sales cycle is a little bit longer in the large plan market, and so that will result in a little bit of volatility in terms of when that business will close and a lot of that business may not become effective until 2022 just because of the long sales cycle. But nonetheless, we are very pleased with our sales across all plans size segments. The second part to your question was, what happens with asset capture and how are we driving assets to PGI, and a couple of comments there. First off, Principal is unique from the perspective of having a very strong track record in driving proprietary asset management capabilities in our new sales. So while the industry average is somewhere around 30%, we routinely beat that particularly in the small and the mid-sized plan market. Larger plans can be expected to drive assets as well to PGI and an important source of that comes from the rollover opportunities and also the small amount for subs but also we are introducing our proprietary asset management capabilities on a client-by-client basis, where it makes sense and where we compete very well. And so we do anticipate seeing some nice lift there too as we begin to migrate the IRT business into R block and we begin to work with the plan sponsors as they consider their investment lineups. So again, very pleased with first quarter results. Strong momentum across all plan sizes and we continue to capture a good share as proprietary asset management, particularly in the small and mid-sized market.
Renee Schaaf: Yes, absolutely and thank you for the question. Humphrey. So first off, our ability to work directly with the plan sponsors on revenue synergies it increases as those clients begin to roll over to our platform, but generally speaking, there are several opportunities for us to add to the revenue and to capture synergies. In the first area that I would point to is our very broad total retirement solutions offering. So, and you've heard us talk about this before, we are strong, not only in a defined contribution that number one and defined benefit number one in ESOP and number one and non-qualified in terms of a number of plans. So one of the areas that we look at right away is what additional solutions can we bring to the table for those plan sponsors and deliver in a very integrated and coordinated way. So we've seen some good early success in bringing particularly defined benefit capabilities to the table as well as non-qualified. The second area that I would point to is in the IRA rollover spectrum and there again, we have a very strong IRA rollover capture capability and as those participants come onto our platform and we have the ability to work within the benefit event will begin to see the results of that and it creates a nice lift to proprietary Asset Management flows. The next area of course is the small amount for south, which is a benefit to the bank. And then last of all, we work with the fiduciary committees at each of our plan sponsors to identify opportunities to introduce our proprietary asset management capabilities as they make sense and that will be something that continues to unfold as this block of business migrates over. So we're off to a strong start with a lot of runway left as that block of business migrates over.
Renee Schaaf: Yes, absolutely. Erik, thank you for that question. So we've talked a lot about the IOER rates in the decline and how that the impact that's had on revenue and so we've talked a lot about the IOER rates in the decline and how that the impact that's had on revenue and so we've been eager to identify opportunities to present solutions to our customers that are attractive and they can help create a better economic scenario for us and so we've been working very closely with Wells Fargo, we've identified solutions that are leveraging the strength and the capabilities of our bank, and that can deliver what we think are some very attractive alternatives to this customer base. And again this is for the trust and custody customers and that block of business will migrate over at the tail end of the migration. So the very last part of summer, and so as we introduce these alternatives to our customers, we would anticipate to see some of some revenue replacement begin to come through at the tail end of 2021 and then on into 2022.
Renee Schaaf: Yes, absolutely. And as we said the migration is going very well. We're very pleased with the way that customers are being migrated in a very smooth fashion good communications with advisers and consultants and specific to your question, we will see the TSA expenses begin to roll off the last half of 2021, which led us to guidance at the outlook call to say that we'll see the margins began to increase in the 23% to 27% margin range towards the latter half of the year, reflecting the fact that those expenses are coming off.
Renee Schaaf: Yes. Thank you, Suneeth, and to your point fourth quarter AUA ended at 685 billion and now we're at 654 and there are a couple of things that led to that. First off, market depreciation would help to drive that up, but then that market appreciation is being offset by the normal shock lapses that we had projected, and those shock lapses are predominantly in the trust and custody side of the house. But that is the impact there.
Renee Schaaf: Okay, so let's first look at the IRT business and how that migrates over. When the IRT business comes over it will be recorded in acquired operations underneath year account value roll forward, so it does not come in through the net cash flow in terms of transfer deposits, but where it does impact to net cash flow is the IRT block of business will show up in recurring deposits and it will show up and withdrawals. So back to that comment earlier about just the 30% plus increase in account values that we expect to see from last year to this current year will impact the dollar amount of withdrawals. Then to your question about, do we expect to see flat net cash flows what are we expecting to see for the remainder of the year. Certainly, we're very pleased with the results that we see in net cash flow for the first quarter and our remaining quarters the net cash flow that we see there will be dependent on if we're successful in winning additional large plans and there is some volatility to that, but we're certainly very positive about the first quarter and we believe that we'll see some lift in net cash flow as a result.
Renee Schaaf: Yes. The retirement business shows up in 2Q and then the trust and custody migration is slated for September.
Deanna Strable: Yes, so the average fee - if you look at the fees overall, you'll see that the highest fees are associated with small plan market and then, of course they scaled down with the larger plan market simply because of economies of scale within a particular plan. Now in terms of overall competitiveness and what we're seeing in the marketplace, we see fee competitiveness across all segments, but I can't, it would be unfair to say that we see the fee pressures in the large plan market at a greater rate than what we see in the other sized markets. So again, we continue to see fee pressures of a whole industry sees fee pressures you typically see higher amounts of these in the small plan market compared to the large, but we're not seeing a disproportionate competitive pressure in the large plan market.
Deanna Strable: Yes, Humphrey. That's a great question. And let me tackle that by walking through each component of the net cash flow formula. So first off, in terms of transfer deposits, we've already talked about the fact that we're seeing really good momentum in both pipelines and in sales across all plan segments and we anticipate that that will continue throughout 2021 and that we'll see good quarter-over-quarter increases in sales. So good momentum in the transfer deposits. The same thing is true for recurring deposits, we saw a 10% increase in recurring deposits in the first quarter, driven by increases in the number of people who are participating as well as a nice uptick in actually the match and the deferral contributions themselves. And as a reminder as the IRT block migrates over to our platform, the recurring deposits will begin to increase as a result of that IRT business now being on our platform, which brings us then to withdrawals and we're seeing really interesting phenomena this year and it's related to the strong market appreciation. So let me cover that just real quickly, we expect to see account values appreciate over 30% in 2021 and it's driven as a result of equity market performance and we'll also see participant withdrawals from the IRT block of business show up in our block, and it will - and it will go through the participant withdrawals as well. So as a result, when you look at the dollar amount of withdrawals, you'll see that increase over 2020. But if you compare those dollar amounts of withdrawals to the average account values, what you'll see is that we expect our results will be at the pre-pandemic levels, which is very favorable. So as a result of this, this is what led us to guide towards a flat net cash flow in 2021 and our outlook call. We're certainly very pleased with what we've seen in the first quarter and so that gives us nice optimism for the rest of the year, but it largely depends, too, on the pattern of the large plan sales that we might see for the rest of the year. That was a long explanation that hopefully…
Deanna Strable: Yes, thanks, and thanks for the question, Erik. So first of all, just to give you a little bit of backdrop, the economic outlook in Southeast Asia is very similar to what we see here in the US, there is a lot of liquidity in the market. Economic recovery is well underway. A better outlook regarding the pandemic, given the vaccination progress and we continue to have very strong investment performance from our joint venture. And as you know, we increased our ownership of that joint venture a few years ago and so that's coming into play as well. The net cash flow for the quarter was very strong at 900 million that was half driven by institutional has driven by retail very focused in our equity funds, there can be some lumpiness of that institutional money from quarter-to-quarter, but we do continue to remain optimistic about the net cash flow outlook for the remainder of the year.
Deanna Strable: Yes, Tracy, obviously the impact of the ongoing strategic review has some impact on whether we would increase our capital deployment outlook or change that as we go forward and I'd say, we'll continue to update that as we go forward, obviously, we were a little bit shy of a run rate that would get us to the forward 1.4 to 1.8 in the first quarter, but again, I'd say, we're still on pace to be within that. And then as we go throughout the next few months, we'll continue to work with our Board and the Finance Committee to determine how we think about our capital deployment plans for the remainder of the year and as those change will communicated at that time.
Deanna Strable: Yes, the only thing I would say is devil is in the details. And there's different impacts across us and if you went back to win the effective tax rate went down. You saw obviously some underneath elements of that, that didn't all translate into the effective tax rate and so again this - the headline rate but the devil is in the details of how some of the other components happen. I would also say that obviously, it can cause a re-measurement of our deferred tax liabilities as it did back with the last tax change and could have some potential change in required capital as the tax rate changes as well. And so again there statutory and balance sheet implications as well as just income effective tax rate that you discussed. So more to come as we find out more at this point, it's tough to know when it will happen and to what flavor it will actually look like.
Dan Houston: Yes. So it's a good question and then I'll have Renee speak to, but again we made initial assumptions having underwritten this opportunity, and frankly, as I've said before on these calls, it's about a three-quarter delay from where we want it to be in terms of transitioning those clients over, we've now transitioned over very successfully three of the five blocks of business with two remaining that will be completed by the end of the second quarter. And the reason that's so important is it although it did generate higher expenses, it allowed us to retain a lot of business and also to be in a position to capture more revenue and as well as more revenue opportunities. It also allowed us to capture some expense synergies so again hats off to Renee and her team for really good execution here, but I'll have Renee speak specifically to your revenue questions Humphrey.
Dan Houston: It's like a lot of things. It's opportunistic in some sense. But at the same time, we definitely have a to-do list and it is surround itself around capabilities whether it's asset management or asset gathering around the world and so we've thought through that, we need to digest what we've acquired in the IRT business, as I said, we feel very good about what we have acquired and on-boarding it with the successful completion by the end of the second quarter of the last migration. We still have some work done for the balance of the year on the trust and custody component, but we're clearly, consciously aware of the fact that this doesn't stay stagnant, there is going to be winners and losers in this space and we're going to continue to distinguish ourselves as a net winner and we'll be very strategic in how we go about doing that. So I appreciate the questions.
Dan Houston: Yes. So I'll tag this one with Deanna. I'll take Latin America maybe kick off Asia to her. As you know in all three of the Latin American countries, Mexico, Brazil, and Chile. They are all going through some form of pension reform, you may have even seen last night, Erik, their President Pinera actually allowed for the third now distribution out of the 4A system, which will our - or AFP, which will reduce by another 10%. The account values of course that doesn't necessarily impact our revenues, it's calculated differently and there's also some pension reform that's being debated about moving the required funding contribution from 10% to 16% and there's a debate currently going on, of which were part of along with the industry on how that next 6% gets managed and the structures that go around that. Mexico is already achieved their reform, we know that starting in 2023 through 2030 it will go up 1% per year going from 6% to 15%, however they've also modified in the current environment, the fee structures we are allowed to charge so we've got some near-term pressure and we're making adjustments on expenses, reflecting that downward pressure on the fees that we can charge. And then, of course, we've got to be thinking about Brazil, as you know there are a lot of a hurt right now with COVID, that's a serious issue and in spite of that our joint venture with Brazil, Banco do Brasil holds up incredibly well. We still enjoy roughly a 30% market share and we captured 37% of all the new deposits through February 21st of this year. So in spite of being, having a tremendous amount of macro pressure in Brazil, you have to give that team a lot of credit for their ability to fight through it. The last comment I'll make about Brazil is there has been a very conscious effort to migrate away from the significant emphasis and focus that we have on a fixed income to include other products multi-Mercado is what is referred to, and it's a balanced fund, and we're working very closely with the bank and helping shipped some of that fixed income into more of a balanced approach. And then lastly, as you know we have Claritas, and Claritas is an asset manager, of which we own 100%, is actually doing quite well in spite of some of these other challenges so with that let me flip it over to Deanna to talk about Southeast Asia.
Dan Houston: Yes, Ryan, happy to do that and I'm going to call an audible here because I know we're probably giving a little bit longer answer so I'm going to maybe go to one question per analyst so we can get through the whole queue in the interest of time, and again that's on us. So even in spite of having short prepared comments. Our answers here have been a little bit long this morning but with that, I'm going to have Renee speak specifically to the issue of the migration in an expense relief.
Dan Houston: Thank you, Renee, appreciate the question Ryan, and sorry to limited to one. So if the operator could take us in the next call, please.
Dan Houston: Okay. Just real quickly, I would just simply say we feel really good about the quarter. There was clearly some recovery in the U.S. and Southeast Asia with regards to COVID, but businesses are opening back up again. And there is historically been low unemployment, which leads to in some cases, wage inflation, but what we see is hiring happening among small to medium-sized employers and large employers and so all of those macro events help drive propel our businesses. We feel good about the position that we're in and frankly feel very confident about the balance of the year. A couple of important dates our shareholder's meeting on May 18th at 9 o'clock in the morning Central and then. Although the time has not been set, we'll have our Investor Day on June 29th where we'll talk in more details with regards to our strategic review and we look forward to showcasing those for you, and in the meantime, we're going to continue to execute on our strategy and deploy capital in a responsible manner. So with that, have a wonderful day and thank you for your time.
