Christopher Littlefield: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Joel. I mean, I think, again, I'd start with when we look at our net revenue growth of 8%, we feel really good about where net revenue is coming in for the year. But when we look at fee rate, we were down less than 1 bp sequentially and down about 2 bps on a trailing 12-month basis during a period of significant market outperformance. And we think the trailing 12-month view is the best way to view fee revenue rate, given the fluctuations that occur in between the quarters, whether that's market performance or timing of consulting and other billable services. But if I were to highlight sort of four things, I'd highlight four things with respect to the fee revenue rate. First, as you noted, that fee-based revenue is not all tied to assets. So that average AV, which is the denominator, increases faster than the numerator, particularly when you have significant market outperformance like we've seen over the last couple of quarters. Second, the pattern of market performance matters, and that market decline in April resulted in a notable difference in monthly average AV. So that's another factor I'd highlight. Third, while point to point look at the S&P 500 is a conventional gauge for looking at market performance, as we pointed out in our investor slides, our equity exposure is more diversified and we saw less correlation to the S&P 500. And so, we outlined those specific exposures in fee-based in the investor presentation, excuse me, the investor presentations. And while large cap performed well during the second quarter, small-cap, mid-cap, international, fixed income and real estate were all flat to negative. So we didn't see anything notable. We continue to sort of be confident in our guidance at 2 bps to 3 bps over a full year in normal markets and outperformance in the markets can fluctuate that a bit. And I'd reiterate again with respect to our guidance, we believe that we're going to be at or above our net revenue guidance for the full year and at the top of our margin guidance. So feel really good about our performance.
Christopher Littlefield: Yeah. I think you can -- that's actually another factor I actually should have pointed out with respect to the fee revenue rate, Joel. So thank you for the prompt there. We definitely are seeing an increase in the use of guaranteed account product in WSRS. And that's been something that we've been really focused on trying to get a better penetration of. And so, what you're seeing is some of that is coming, the economics are coming out of fee and they're showing up in spread. And so, it is growing. We're definitely seeing an increase in our ability to earn placements of our guaranteed products in WSRS and seeing good success there.
Christopher Littlefield: Yeah. Thanks, Wes. Yeah, no, we still see the market as pretty robust. I think the market overall is -- industry expectations are $30 billion to $40 billion in PRT for the year, and we don't see that really slowing down. And certainly, we took an opportunity to -- in the second quarter to put on some additional nice PRT business. We're exceeding our targeted returns and getting nice opportunities on PRT. And so, not seeing anything from a macro basis that would suggest that the PRT market is slowing down.
Christopher Littlefield: Yeah. Thanks, Dan, and thank you, John, for the question. Yeah, I mean, again, we're seeing nice momentum in our PRT business through '23 and the first half of '24 with $1.7 billion of PRT sales through the first half. But we previously guided that we would sort of be in that range of $2.5 billion to $3 billion for the full year. We now believe that we'll pretty much be close to that $3 billion than the midpoint. We'll be at the upper end of the range as long as we can continue to achieve our targeted returns. And so, we do see some opportunities in the second half for us. But as we always do with this business, we really do balance growth with return and focus on the capital that we're investing to make sure we get an appropriate return on that investment. I think as Dan pointed out as well, we're the number three provider in PRT in the industry. So we see a lot of opportunities coming our way and our existing defined benefit capabilities and our complete pension solutions are really a differentiator for us because we are able to provide a full set of solutions for our customers that have defined benefit plans, whether it's record-keeping, actuarial consulting, custody, OCI and asset management. And all of that allows us to really bring those capabilities to bear. When they want to derisk their plans, we're able to take advantage of that and capture that in PRT. So feel really good about PRT and again, expect to be closer to the $3 billion for the full year.
Christopher Littlefield: No, honestly, again -- if you -- John, when you look at our -- one of the things that differentiates us is we do -- we lead in both the number of PRT contracts entered into as well as the amount of premium. And so as Dan pointed out, the existing defined benefit and complete pension solutions is a nice source of opportunities for us. We got about 25% of opportunities from existing defined benefit customers. And so, we really look at still in that small to mid-size of the market. We will go up, if the returns are there, but we actually find more opportunities, better close rates, better returns in the areas where we focus. And the other point of differentiation for us is we have better and more robust onboarding capabilities than many of our competitors where many of our competitors focused on retiring only really large, really highly competitive bid plans that don't require a lot of onboarding, but we focus in a different area of the market that allows us to get attractive economics.
Christopher Littlefield: Yeah, no. No, I think that's pretty much it. No, no, it's perfect. Yeah, and thanks, Suneet. The only thing I'd add is that's an area where we continue to invest and continue to get better in terms of driving improvements in our IRA, earning more IRA rollovers and keeping those assets either in plan or in an IRA with Principal, and we've seen success on that over the last couple of quarters. Specifically with withdrawals though, I just want to make sure I'm clear though, we're only seeing a very slight uptick in rate. So it's much more about market impact on what we're seeing in withdrawals than it is on rate of participant withdrawals. And so, that market inflating account values and when withdrawals are taken, it's just larger amounts being taken. And it's also while it's anecdotal, people tend to retire in up-markets. And so, you would expect to sort of see people maybe taking advantage of high account values at that point in time and taking opportunity. But again, this is much more, I'd call it, more than 75% of the attribution is to market and then a little bit more on the slight increase in rate.
Christopher Littlefield: Well, I think what we've done as we've gone through the segment reporting is we don't break down specifically the fee and the spread revenue components. What I would say is we feel good about where we're at. We believe that we're growing at or above the industry average in terms of revenue rate. But yeah, we're sort of looking at all of our retirement business together because that's how we operate and manage and lead that business. So again, if I were to think about sort of dynamics, we sort of pointed out the core strength of Principal in that small to mid-market continues. We're at -- we're ahead of plan with respect to sales and revenue rates on our small to mid-business. Large tends to be a little bit more open arc and so the revenue profile is a little bit different. But in our core markets, if we think about recurring deposits on small to mid-up 10% and small to mid-versus overall at 7%, we think about new business net revenue is up, our pipeline is up. So, we actually feel really good about the overall performance of our fee business.
Christopher Littlefield: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Tom. Again, we've seen very favorable contract retention at probably all-time positive levels for Principal. So, no significant large losses and very, very strong contract retention across all segments this year. So really good. In addition, customer satisfaction, advisor NPS scores are all trending positive and in a good direction. So, we feel really good about where we sit from contract retention perspective.
Christopher Littlefield: I think that's fair. I mean, you always are going to have a couple that you're working on, but in terms of overall like a broad-based comment, feel really good about retention. But -- so I do think we're through a lot of that volatility from that integration, Tom.
Christopher Littlefield: Yeah. I think that's a fair question. If we kind of look at the trends that impacted second quarter, whether it's the strong equity market, the volatility of large plan sales as well as slightly elevated participant withdrawals, offset by, again, I want to point out strong deposits, both recurring and transferred as well as strong contract retention. We think those trends will continue and that run rate, we expect to see some pressure in net cash flow through the balance of the year.
Daniel Houston: Yeah. Before I have Deanna answer that question, Ryan, just know that we spent a lot of time looking at the underlying businesses themselves to understand what the growth is and we've got a lot of historical precedents relative to the -- how these tend to mature and to get to where we're at today. And we feel, as I said in my earlier comments, quite confident on our ability to hit that. With that, I'll let Deanna answer that specifically.
Daniel Houston: Wes, good morning. Appreciate the question. And as you might expect, you also have investments in the business that we have to continue to make as we think about how we pivot in part from the publics to the private. So with that, I'll have Kamal add some additional color.
Daniel Houston: Yeah, it's a great question and you certainly have different generations of these investments and they all have a little bit of a unique story, but I'll have Kamal provide some additional detail on the most recent quarter.
Daniel Houston: And John, just to pile on that, also remember that this is just part of our TRS suite. So a lot of those defined benefit clients, they know us from being a 401(k) client, they know us from being a deferred income, non-qualified deferred compensation client for even ESOP. So there really is a symbiotic relationship across this platform, and we're an obvious provider of the PRT on these defined benefit existing customers.
Daniel Houston: Yeah, I think Deanna is in a good position to respond to this. And remember, we've got some term life and some PRT business that was there at the time -- some annuity business as a result of our transactions and she can give us an update on how we're going to use it in the future.
Daniel Houston: Yeah. I'll take the part of that, and then throw it over to Chris. But the way I would look at it is, number one, you've got these elevated withdrawals in large part because the market performance has been so good over the last several years. Secondly, as you point out, advisors are very much being opportunistic as it relates to retirees. So a benefit event, job changers and retirees, those with really large average account balances will generally seek outside professional advice for their insights. Oftentimes, it's an existing relationship that they have outside the qualified retirement plans. So I don't think any of us are surprised at that. For a lot of the individuals with lower average account balances, our capabilities within Principal Connection have served to be a really good way for us to provide guidance and advice and our ability to retain many of those dollars. But it's skewed towards the higher average account balances, which is only natural. And I'll see if I didn't take too much of the frosting off of that cupcake, Chris, before I pass it to you.
Daniel Houston: Suneet, just really two quick other additional comments. Remember, with Principal Financial Network, our PFN advisors, we benefit directly from their ability to gather these sorts of assets. And then within PGI, I know that we have a lot of these investment products sitting on our distribution partners' platforms that are gathering rollover, IRAs equally. So Principal is participating on a variety of different levels. Our comments coming out of the gate were primarily focused on record-keeping platform. Hopefully, that helps.
Daniel Houston: And Suneet, you've heard this as we've been out talking to investors. Principal really has, within the last 18 months, adopted an enterprise strategy in doing that. We think about retirement across the entire organization. We also think about SMB across the organization. So again, we want to make sure we capture those profits and revenues for the enterprise, where we actually capture them in which bucket is less important. So hopefully that helps.
Daniel Houston: I think when we get to our November 18 Investor Day, we'll also be able to provide additional thoughts and perspective on those business trends into 2025.
Daniel Houston: Thanks, Dana. We'll continue to leverage our integrated product portfolio with our distribution partners around the globe. Additionally, we'll focus on our high-growth market and deploy our capital very judiciously as we've discussed today. Lastly, we know the importance of aligning our expenses with our revenues and investing for the future. That is top of mind for us, as you would expect. Thanks for your time today. I hope to see you on the road in the next few months and certainly at Investor Day on November 18th. Thank you.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Thanks, Ryan, for the question. Let me spend a little bit of time sizing kind of that step-up that you referred to and then talk about the drivers that make us feel confident in our full year performance. First, I do acknowledge that there, like you mentioned, appears to be the need for a meaningful increase in our second half results for us to meet guidance. But I also want you to understand that we would not be reconfirming our outlook, if we didn't have the business and financial fundamentals to support it. Second, I want to just make sure we're all thinking of the numbers in the right way. So our 9% to 12% EPS growth refers to our adjusted EPS growth off of the adjusted $6.92 in 2023. And so, if you do the math on that, that would imply an average of slightly over $2 per quarter in the next two quarters to get us within that range compared to the actual average $1.76 per quarter in the first half of the year or $1.80, if you factor out the one-time expenses and taxes in the second quarter that we don't expect to recur. And there are a number of factors that naturally cause our EPS to be higher in the second half. The most meaningful of these is one of those that you just mentioned is the seasonality, but not just in SBD, but also in PGI, that impacts their -- those two segments' performance in the first half of any year. In addition, the natural growth of all of our businesses as well as the reduced share count will also contribute to a second -- a higher EPS as the year progresses. And then I think my last point, which could be helpful and add further support to this is I point you back to the pattern of our EPS in 2023. In that year, we averaged $1.65 in the first half and $1.82 in the second half. So that's a delta of $0.17. And if you adjust that for our share buyback activity, that would add an additional $0.05 to that amount, making a $0.20 increase this year, a continuation of a pattern we've experienced as recently as last year. So hopeful that, that additional detail provides further support to our confidence. And bottom line, as long as macro continues to cooperate, I see a clear path to our full year guidance of 9% to 12%.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Thanks, Elyse, for that question. As we've discussed previously that our Bermuda entity was created for new business, both term and PRT. But to cede the entity, we seeded it with some in-force business of both of those product lines as well. Our term life new business all year has continued to be reinsured to Bermuda. That just kind of happens naturally. For PRT, that new business is evaluated on a case-by-case basis, as case specifics really matter to determine if Bermuda is optimal from a capital efficiency and operational perspective. None of our first half PRT sales have utilized Bermuda, but we expect to be in a position to leverage Bermuda for some of our sales in the second half of the year.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Just a couple of comments on that. I do think if you look at what we have identified as pressured VII relative to prior quarters or even on a TTM basis, we are seeing some improvement in that metric, but we are still seeing pressure in an overall volume of variable investment income. If we look at the improvement and the drivers in the current quarter, the improvement was really driven by the actual return of our alts portfolio, that performed as expected in the quarter, whereas in previous quarters, it had actually returned at a level lower than what we would have expected. But we're continuing to see pressure in really two areas. One is prepays. Obviously, given the current interest rate environment as well as kind of uncertainty on when interest rates are going to start to increase, we virtually had no prepays yet this year or we've actually had prepays, but not fees from prepays relative to that. And then the other place and it is a place where we're a little bit different than our peers is that a more sizable impact of VII is actually real estate and in particular, real estate transactions. And that component has been minimal as we look at where we were at the first two quarters of the year. Obviously, all performance can be pretty volatile. I do think we see a constructive potential increase in the real estate transactions as we look into the second half of the year. But I think real step-change improvement in variable investment income levels will likely necessitate a beginning of the decrease in the interest rate environment and probably more substantial improvement will occur in 2025.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Thanks, Wilma. There was quite a few different components of that. So I'll try to touch on all of it. So if you just go back to our prepared remarks, I think we talked about the reason for the change. Obviously, a few years ago, we made the strategic decision to exit and reinsure retail fixed annuities and ULSG. That changed our liability profile. It changed our risk profile. And so as a follow-up to that, we have been evaluating what our target RBC level should be. We considered business mix. We considered risk profile. We considered our extensive capital at risk analysis. We also looked at what our competitors target and also had a lot of conversations with our rating agencies and regulators as well. And so, the outcome is what you saw is that we lowered our target RBC level from the previous 400% to a range of 375% to 400%. You mentioned the quantification of that difference. You were a little high. It was really about $360 million is the difference between that 375% and the 400%. We have no plans to immediately lower RBC to that level, and we're going to remain prudent in the current environment, which we expect is going to continue to be volatile and uncertain. And so, you'll likely see us operate in the upper portion of that targeted range for the foreseeable future. But you will see some volatility quarter-to-quarter, primarily driven by just that volume of attractive organic growth opportunities. But again, feel very good overall with our capital levels and also feel really good about being able to continue to return a significant amount of capital back to our shareholders.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. Wilma, I probably wouldn't think about it as freeing up a lot of capital. I would think about it more as giving us the ability to go after a slightly higher volume of PRT cases for similar amounts of capital. And so that's how I would term it up and kind of size it. The elevated -- to give you a little bit of color, the outsized PRT volume in the current quarter maybe had 50 million to 70 million of capital usage and maybe that gives you a little bit of an idea relative to that, but I wouldn't expect it to be massive amounts of free-up, but again, the ability to allow us to grow the company, grow our business, take advantage of attractive return opportunities that align with our target markets of retiring SMB.
Deanna Strable: Yeah, Josh, that will be something that we spend a little bit more time thinking about prior to outlook. But one fact that I would say is, if you look at our performance for the first half of the year, we're operating pretty much exactly on top of what we would have expected. And so from that perspective, I don't see anything that would change on kind of that pattern of earnings. But one of the commitments we have is as we go into outlook in early '25, we want to make sure we are more transparent on that level of seasonality that we expect in total, but also for a few of the key businesses like PGI and SBD. Obviously, one wildcard to that I know we continue to talk about is the dental pattern of seasonality. It's continuing to be different than what we experienced pre-COVID. I think we thought it might materialize a little bit different. We were fortunate in the current quarter that any of that elevated seasonality was offset by positive underwriting trends in both life and disability. But I'd say that's probably the one wildcard relative to that, but our commitment to you is to be a little more transparent as we come into the year of 2025.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. So what I would say, in total, it was not unexpected. I think we were pretty clear about PGI seasonality and SBD seasonality, but we didn't bubble it up to talk about how that impacted overall EPS from a quantification. And again, that's what we'll look to refine as we move into 2025 outlook.
Deanna Strable: Yeah. We gave some color on the prepared remarks. We came into the year with about $510 million of maturities and we paid off or resolved everything that have come to bear thus far this year. We have about $290 million remaining. Underlying metrics of those remain strong and we continue to work to bring those to a positive outcome. You may have noticed that our CML losses in the second quarter did have about $23 million of impact. I do want to point out that, that was almost entirely due to reserves increasing with about a $15 million increase in our loan-specific reserve, which is across four properties, and about a $10 million increase in our general reserve. And so again, on a GAAP basis, we have about $170 million of reserves relative to our CML portfolio and still feel really good about the high quality of our overall commercial mortgage loan portfolio and the office portfolio in particular.
Kamal Bhatia: Thank you, Dan. Thank you, Wes. So I think as you mentioned, this quarter, we did have, as we mentioned in the notes to you that we did have some severance cost of roughly $6 million that was staff-related. But before I go there, I think it's worth reminding that the asset management business is a highly competitive business and we are constantly adapting our investment model. So one of the things we'll continue to do is look at our capabilities and talent where appropriate and adjust it. So to your question, expenses were elevated also with respect to the reinvestments we are making back in the business. In particular, I'll point you to Dan's comments around infrastructure debt. We are particularly focused on making sure we have the capabilities for the future as we adjust our business mix. In addition to that, I think from an OE perspective, you will see there were some market adjustments due to the nature of our AUM, but we remain confident in our expense management capability and we also remain confident in the outlook guidance we gave you to on margin.
Kamal Bhatia: Absolutely. Jimmy, that's a great question. So let me just start with this quarter. And I think your question was both on what the net cash flows look like, but the low fee nature of these net cash flows. So as we highlighted, we had almost a $900 million outflow in a single mandate, a long-duration, fixed-income mandate. To your question, these were always low fee. They did not become low fee over a period of time and they were with us for a while. In addition, I think it is worth highlighting that if you look at our net cash flow and Dan mentioned this, I think our durable sources of net cash flow remain quite strong, in particular, almost $500 million of real estate flows, which are very high revenue and high margin for us. And we also highlighted that as we continue to expand our business mix, $150 million of flows in private credit, which are obviously both high revenue and high margin as well. So, we do feel good about the mix of our business with respect to the assets we are bringing in or in asset classes that have a durable trend and have higher revenue. And unfortunately, the mandates we did lose were in lower revenue mandates. Hopefully, that answers the question.
Kamal Bhatia: Absolutely. So Jimmy, first, let me acknowledge investment performance is very important to us. I think as a top-tier investment manager, so I do acknowledge your comments. But I will go further, I think to your question, we haven't really seen a direct correlation to short-term performance on flows, particularly across our business mix. I'll point you to two data points we provided you this quarter. One, we have added to our updates to you asset-weighted values for this quarter because they better reflect where our clients are invested to provide you a complete picture of our business. And if you look at that data which we are providing to you both on peer relative basis and alpha basis, the numbers are quite strong. You could see, in particular, two strategies I would highlight for you, mid-cap strategy, which is a large strategy for us, has top-quartile, short and long-term performance. In addition, hybrid target dates, which is an area of strength for us, has very strong long-term performance. The other thing I would point to you and you'll see this in your charts is almost 80% of our strategies are beating their benchmark, almost 150 basis points of alpha through the most recent period, which is the key decision for our institutional clients. So that gives me comfort that we are producing the investment results that we would keep there. And then lastly, as you know, we continue to be focused on our market position in real estate and our marquee real estate private equity strategy that has beaten their peers -- peer-based benchmark had its first absolute positive net return since 3Q '22. So, I do feel that we are focused on performance, but the data doesn't give me concern at this stage.
Kamal Bhatia: Yeah, Mike. That's a great question. So I think like many other economists, our own view is we are going to see a rate-cutting cycle start here. But maybe to your question, I'll answer it from two perspectives, how it impacts our current book of business, but also how we see that helping or what we are hearing from clients in terms of engagement. What I would point out to you is, I do think there is increasing conversation now we are having with clients in anticipation on that, on the fixed income side. There is a view that we are fairly sanguine in terms of the economic outlook. And as rate cut cycles begin, historically clients look to longer-duration strategy. And one of the areas we see a lot of interest is in our high-quality, high-yield franchise, which obviously has excellent performance, but that's an area we continue to see more interest. With respect to the equity side, clearly, our REIT franchise, which is a big portion of our business would benefit from that cycle starting, and traditionally equities move faster in anticipation of rate cuts than private equity real estate. So, I wouldn't expect it to be any different this time. When you look at the macro trends in real estate, there is new sources of refinance capital emerging. When you look at the marketplace, you do see increase in CMBS, new issuance, both SASB and conduit deals are improving. And you do see new entrants coming in to do refinancing. So, I generally do think the anticipation of the rate cuts is creating more volume in the marketplace, but also more engagement.
