Timothy Dunbar: Yes. I think what you're looking at is that our basis points for AUM is really up on the quarter, and I think that's a factor of 2 things. One is what we talked about before is that we're seeing our clients interested in our really higher-value products, our yield-oriented products and that continues to be the case. But I think another important impact is that the PE fee, performance fee and the $9.2 billion of assets under management that went out the door were actually very low management fees. Most of the value of that arrangement came from performance fees that was over 20-year relationships. Those performance fees were paid out every 10 years. And so you'll see a very large performance fee based on what the team was able to accomplish over that last 10 years and period of time. So probably want to take credit for the good work that the team did. The assets going out the door really have a low fee, and that's a large part of what brought those basis points up.
Timothy Dunbar: Sure, Humphrey. I think the answer to your question is it really depends on the clients and it depends on what they're investing for. I would tell you that we talked about a large mandate that we had for an investment grade of about $3 billion, that is still outstanding and I would say, is still at risk. What we've seen in that situation is that the hedging costs have gone up to -- from 250 basis points to almost 300 basis points. And so if you were an asset liability manager client, you probably don't want to go unhedged and that cost becomes very real and very dear to them for especially an investment-grade mandate. But it does depend on the client and it depends on the risks that they're willing to take. So one of the things, I would say, in meeting with that particular client, we have an excellent relationship with them. We are trying to understand exactly how we can help them more, and we actually have sold other mandates to them, which resonate very well, are more yield oriented and are meeting their needs appropriately. So hopefully, that answers your question.
Timothy Dunbar: Sure. You're right. I mean, we had seen a lot of sales coming from several specific products, not all from yield oriented, but preferred securities, global diversified income. We're in certainly two of those. And I think actually yield is not dead. And while it's taking a pause, as interest rates move higher, I think we have a lot of clients that are still interested in yield, and the desire and the demand for those products will come back. Having said that, in an environment where interest rates are increasing, even though there's volatility, that's usually a sign of a robust economy. And generally, I'd say that's supporting for -- supportive for earnings of companies and stocks. And so equity markets are a place that we'd say a lot of folks want to be. We have some very good equity products, mid-cap, small-cap, blue chip is very good, income-oriented products that we think resonate really well. I'd also say that we have a good suite of short-duration fixed income products. So as you're thinking about the volatility with interest rates moving up, short-duration fixed income is an obvious place that you might want to go. Absolute re-term products have been increasing in interest. We have Finisterre emerging market long-short group that's developed some nice products there and have some good performance. And that's another space that we think we can make progress in and actually have been making good progress in. And then we -- the one thing that I think we are really strong at, I know really we're strong at is when we think about our Principal portfolio of strategies. So a diversified group of asset allocation products that can resonate for 401(k) platforms and resonate actually with our Principal International operations around the world. And those are things that we're continuing to develop and build out and get out the door.
Daniel Houston: Yes. Thanks, Humphrey. You know what, I reflect on that portfolio of businesses around the world. It's just interesting to me to see how uncorrelated they can be because as you know, we're enjoying a lot of success in Southeast Asia, generating very positive earnings and very nice cash flows. And then we can get them over to Latin America and see the pressure on our Brazilian operations. No one's better positioned to talk about Brazil than these other operations. And Luis felt this, so I'll ask him to provide some additional color.
Daniel Houston: I think Humphrey is maybe looking for a little more color, Luis, in some of the other countries as well. So maybe a couple of comments on some of the big ones quickly, something perhaps around Chile and some of what's happening in Asia quickly.
Daniel Houston: Yes. So thanks for the question. The first thing I want to say is thanks to Jim for his many years of contributions here at the Principal. He just did an extraordinary job for the organization. We're fortunate that he was here. Secondly, we have been out to visit the consulting firms, our largest clients, our distribution partners. And frankly, it did not raise the status of a need to do a search or to pause or to do anything differently than what they're doing. That's certainly, what you had described, Tom, very true when it gets down to portfolio managers and senior analysts. And as you very well know that our -- even our economics committee, which is made up of roughly a dozen professionals around the organization, Jim was one of those dozens, and we don't have a system or a star manager or a one-view top-down CIOs sort of macro view that says this is where interest rates are going or this is how we feel about currencies and so forth. So again, it's a testament, I think, to the structure that was built, which isn't overly dependent on any one person, but rather spread across a team of individuals. So hopefully, that helps answer that question for you, Tom.
Daniel Houston: Yes, it seems to be a pattern there. You're breaking up just a little bit, but I think she got the full question. Thanks.
Daniel Houston: Well, the first thing I would say to everyone who called in, thanks for doing so and we apologize. We know there were number of individuals in the queue, which we did not have a chance to answer your questions. John will follow up accordingly and respond to those questions, so we apologize. We were probably a little long-winded in some of our responses but felt it was important we tell a very important story as we go through the transition. Secondly, we're going to continue to stay focused on our customers, invest for growth. We're going to eliminate expense that's not additive, and that's something that all the divisional presidents and other leaders are pursuing. Also, again, we're very proud of the deployment of capital. We'll continue to be judicious in how we deploy capital on behalf of our long-term shareholders. And I said -- as I said earlier, we look forward to seeing many of you on November 15 for the Investor Day in New York City. So have a wonderful weekend. Thank you.
