Dan Houston: Yes. Humphrey thanks for the question. It really was a great quarter for RIS full service, and Renee is in an ideal position to respond to your question.
Dan Houston: Yes. The only thing I might add Humphrey to that impressive list of things that Renee and her team are doing is, if I look at it, it's still 50% of the sales are total retirement suite. They find great value in combining deferred comp, defined benefit, and defined contribution. Also, I think that the new tool that was rolled out within the last six months called Picture that allows our sales reps to be more fluid in their sales presentations to prospective clients and advisors, very positive feedback from the market. And then, also noteworthy, a 12% increase in the number of new advisors we're working with in this current period. So I think across every one of the important metrics around leveraging technology and our position with our alliance partners we've got good momentum. So thanks for the question Humphrey.
Dan Houston: Yes. We're excited about the change in direction and Tim and Dunbar and Pat Halter, I think have just done an extraordinarily outstanding job Jimmy looking under the hood of PGI and understanding where some efficiencies in distribution could be gained. And so there has been some realignment and I'd also tell you that the group is highly motivated and excited about the leadership. With that I'll ask him to fill in the blanks.
Dan Houston: Ryan thanks for that question. Well, I can't tell you how excited we are about welding the Wells Fargo institutional retirement and trust business to Principal for a lot of different reasons. We actually as you've pointed out have focused on that small to medium with a modest amount of large plans. And then, if you looked at their block, it really inserts nicely because we actually have more jumbo cases than Wells Fargo has. So there was a little bit of a gap in our sort of total lineup. So we're excited about what that feels. Additionally as was mentioned in the prepared comments, the fact that they have this trust business gives us some additional flexibilities. I would also tell you that the fact that they have an ESAP program in place, a non-qualified structure in place. It just fits like hand in glove in terms of our existing structure. So other than size, it is also additive and that they have historically worked with a group of advisors, consultants that maybe weren't first top of mind for Principal and given our strategy in terms of bringing over a large percentage of the relationship managers and the consultants, relationship management teams et cetera. We feel that we can really create a seamless transition for the advisors, for the clients, for the participants and just frankly add a whole lot more value. And with that, I realize I took quite a bit of time Renee. But we'd love to have you make some additional comments.
Dan Houston: Andrew, I think it also speaks to why we feel we have to have scale on these businesses for this very reason.
Dan Houston: Yes. Let me take both of those, I would say that the tax rate we still think is going to be well within the range. I wouldn't want to speculate at this point in time on a full year basis, but when we look at the tax rate on the lower end, but well within the range. On the pension risk transfer business there really does break into two different groups large and small. Think about kind of below $0.5 billion and greater than a half a billion. And I would say in each case there's about a half a dozen key competitors we know who they are. We know how they get to where they're at. We're still getting what we consider to be a very nice return on invested capital in these lines of business. There are a few more competitors today than there was two or three years ago, but it is a competitive marketplace. But we think we're getting more than adequately compensated for the use of the capital for this line of business. And again very committed to it. Appreciate the question.
Dan Houston: Yes. Thank you for that question Tom. When we look at the mix of business that we have between the larger plan and the smaller plan, we're actually seeing good growth in both of these segments. And certainly the retention of clients in both of these segments remains very positive. In any one quarter, we will tend to see sales migrate just naturally, we'll see some volatility or some difference in the mix of the business that we sell. So, for example in first quarter if you look at that record $5.4 billion of sales, you'll see that it is not dominated by any single large plan at all. But there's a really nice mix of the midsize plan. And that will vary from quarter-to-quarter. With respect to your question around the vary variation in the revenues that we would collect. As you might imagine with smaller plans, we tend to not only pick up the record-keeping but oftentimes we pick up a share a larger share of the asset management as well. And with a larger plans they tend to steer more towards open architecture and our ability to win or capture assets is certainly favorable in that size market. But, it's going to be less than what you see in the smaller planned market. So, we feel very comfortable with the business mix and showed very comfortable with our approach and our and our ability to deliver growth in both small and in large plan and certainly our ability to retain that.
Dan Houston: The other thing worth noting, Tom, on the asset retention part it's fairly indiscriminate on the relative size of the employer. We have a really good shot at small medium and large individuals who are part of a plan and who are looking for advice and benefits. Whether it's a job changer or a retiree. Got you. and just a follow up on that, can you break out in terms of flows how much of your flows, if you can quantify of the, I think it's what $3.4 billion of cash flows would have been a thousand lives in larger versus the below that size if you're able to quantify that you know that's not something we're going to provide at this point. But, appreciate your comment. Thank you.
Dan Houston: Yes. Great, great question. And as you might expect, you get some of that during due diligence, but the real lift is starting as we speak to really fully understand some of the capabilities and what you might onboard to augment and it is our promise and commitment to take best in class on all fronts. With that Renee, want to add some additional color on specificity.
Dan Houston: Good. Thank you. And again, from our perspective good start to the year. We do have multiple parallel pass of growth that we're executing on as we speak and we've talked about this. One is around the digitizing of our business and it does have some cost, but that is starting to bear fruit and we're excited about what that's going to deliver. We also remain very enthusiastic about successfully onboarding the Wells Fargo Retirement Trust customers. And I emphasized both the retirement and the trust customers, it's a big part of their franchise as well as putting us in a favorable position with their advisors and their clients and executing on that. The third is around our operational excellence initiative, a big undertaking for us here as we continue to be as efficient as we can in aligning our resources with the needs of our customers. And then, lastly, as you would expect delivering outstanding customer service. And again, if you looked at all the growth initiatives for the first quarter there is a clear sign that there's a good value proposition for principal clients. And so with that thank you for taking the time today and look forward to seeing you on the road. Thank you.
Renee Schaaf: Thank you, Humphrey. Yes, you're correct. If you do look at our withdrawals for first quarter 2019, they are favorable. And if you were to dissect that a little bit further, you would see that our plan sponsor or the contract withdrawals in particular were very favorable. One thing to know, though is, as you make a quarter over one year ago quarter comparison, we did have a relatively large plan withdrawal in first quarter 2018, so that needs to be taken, excuse me, third quarter -- excuse me, first quarter. Pardon me. And so that would have to be taken into consideration as well, but it was a very good net cash flow quarter overall.
Renee Schaaf: I would say, Humphrey, that if you were to look at our overall model, we continue to invest in the customer experience and you see this in several different ways. We've made consistent digital investments into creating new tools that would make both the plan sponsor and the participant experience better. So, from a plan sponsor perspective, for example, investing in the chat features, investing into new tools that would allow the plan sponsor to better serve their participants using online capabilities certainly lead to a better experience and better retention. And the same thing is true in the participant side. So I would say that the favorable retention results that you see here reflect a very strong underlying business model.
Renee Schaaf: Yes. Thank you for the question Erik. When we look at the 30% return on net revenue for our first quarter, we're not seeing anything unusual that would boost the results there. And so, when we look forward for the remainder of the year, we think our guidance of 26% to 30% remains very appropriate.
Renee Schaaf: Yes. Erik, just to give you a little bit of color about the sales that we saw in first quarter. We did see about $600 million of pension risk transfer sales and this was not dominated by a single large sale. This was really many smaller sales that are smaller sized transfers that fall comfortably within our sweet spot. We do continue to see a very robust pipeline for PRT and the other thing that I would, I think is very interesting when you look at the industry. There's about $3 trillion of defined benefit or pension corporate plans out there. And only a very small portion of that has been derisks from corporate balance sheets. So I do think we'll continue to see strong pipelines moving forward. We will also continue to be very careful and very disciplined as we look at these opportunities to make sure that the risk profile and that the returns are well within our comfort range.
Renee Schaaf: Thank you, Jimmy. As Dan said that we're very excited about the potential of what could evolve with pension reform in the United States. And the open MEPs is just one of the aspects that we think will extend coverage to smaller employers. But there's another aspect of this reform that I think is very important and we believe will serve Americans well and that is better positioning the annuity to be a part of retirement plans moving forward. As you know today, it's not clear there's not a safe harbor plan design for plan sponsors to add the annuity option [indiscernible] defined contribution plan. So we really believe that it's in the best interest of Americans to have this kind of income guarantee available to them moving forward. And so, we're excited not only about the open MEPs, but also about the ability to provide that higher through retire solution to the U.S. worker.
Renee Schaaf: Yes. Thank you. Yes, I would agree with Dan's comments. This acquisition is really ideal from so many different perspectives. First off, it reinforces our commitment to the retirement industry. And when you look traditionally at the capabilities that we've brought to the marketplace, from a record keeping perspective, we serve a wide range of clients in terms of size, in terms of makeup, in terms of the various characteristics and needs. And so having the ability to add scale to our recordkeeping platform makes us that much more competitive, the ability to lower the unit cost, the ability to scale our platforms to allow us to remain competitive in the industry to continue to invest in this business and to deliver favorable margins. The capabilities that we're adding in the large planned market are very attractive to us. Adding abilities in the consulting channel again is very important. And the last thing that I'll mention is, we also have access to a very experienced and talented employee pool and I can't stress that enough. We had the opportunity this past week to invite about 100 of the Wells Fargo institutional retirement and Trust Team members into the line. And I can't tell you the level of energy and enthusiasm that we had amongst the group. And what struck me was the commonality that we all have in terms of keeping the customer at the center and making sure that everything that we do is customer-centric and will advance our ability to serve both the plan sponsor and the participant in the years to come. So we're very excited about this transition and the acquisition.
Renee Schaaf: Sure. First off, let's maybe take a look at what happened in first quarter and then I'll make some comments about where what we might expect moving forward. But when we look at first quarter and you compare that to a quarter one year ago. The first thing to keep in mind is that the S&P daily average was down about 0.5%. And so that of course had a very -- that muted market performance had an impact on the year-over-year fee levels that you can expect for us to deliver. So, a portion of that of the gap there was about a 6% gap year-over-year, a quarter-over-quarter rather. So most of that again as a result of a very muted market performance. The other thing that I would draw your attention to is, when we mentioned this in our outlook call, we anticipate seeing about a 1% to 2% decline in fees as a result of commissions beginning to transfer to fees paid to advisors. And what this does is it, it reduces the net revenue, but it also reduces the commission line, so that the impact to the pre-tax operating earnings remains the same and the impact to the margin remains the same. And just a quick commentary on that trend, we view that very favorably. It absolutely isolates the advisor, compensation and makes that very visible to the plan sponsor and it removes it from a conversation that's necessary as we think about our fees with the plan sponsor. So, we would anticipate that kind of activity to continue. So, then looking forward, historically you've heard us talk about that 5% to 8% gap between growth and account values and growth in net revenues. And that's the result of the typical pressures within the industry on revenues that results from decoupling the recordkeeping decision from the investment management decision, the open architecture reduction and investment management fees due to passive investing things of that nature. We envision that that's a reasonable guideline moving forward. So, we would say, you can expect to see about a 5% to 8% gap due to simple industry revenue pressures as well as maybe a 1% to 2% shift due to commissions moving to a fee-based compensation arrangement.
Renee Schaaf: Sure. When we think about the path forward and how we will integrate our businesses, we've really arrived at thinking about this in terms of four overarching principles. And the first principle is to keep the customer clearly at the center and to make sure that we minimize any disruption in service that we do everything we can to provide business as usual an excellent service to those clients. The second thing, as Dan mentioned, we have the ideal opportunity to take the best from both operations and team and to put this together into an extremely compelling offering to the marketplace. The next thing that we are very concerned about and we are paying a lot of attention to is talent. We are picking up a very experienced team from the Wells Fargo institutional retirement and trust business. And we want to make sure that we do everything we can to make their onboarding smooth as well. And then, last of all, we don't view this as just an integration of business. We view this as an opportunity to create unsurpassed value to the marketplace. This is our opportunity to move the needle. And so will approach this very thoughtfully, very carefully and you can expect to hear a lot more on this as the months ahead unfold.
Tim Dunbar: Sure. Thanks for the question, Humphrey. I think as we've talked before, this is a good relationship with a really good client. We continue to see interest in higher-value added strategies that fit well with the hedging costs that they're seeing today. We don't quantify exactly how much we're losing in terms of the fees related to the $3 billion, but I would say the new mandate goes a fair way to replacing that revenue.
Tim Dunbar: Sure. So the fee rate did drop as you suggest for the first quarter here and I would say the large majority of that is related to transaction fees. Those are predominantly on commercial real estate. So if you think about first quarter after that sort of volatile fourth quarter commercial mortgage loan activity got started off at a slower pace. I would say that's picked up dramatically and we're seeing that come back. So, we don't see that being a long-term issue throughout the year. We also had a little bit less than what we would have seen in performance fees. And then, as you suggest there has been fee pressure in the industry and we've continued to update our fee level but that's been -- and so you've seen a little bit of that but that's been a much smaller component of it.
Tim Dunbar: Jimmy thanks a lot for the question. And we have talked a lot about some of the management changes we've made, some of the structural changes and really trying to align the group with our clients. And so really the focus has been in creating that long-term relationship and bringing to bear all of the solutions that are diversified boutique model brings. And so we are starting to see some positive signs of that placements on platforms of some of our products. And really for this quarter one of the things, I'm probably most excited about is that the range of products we've seen positive flows and has really been something that we've been trying to achieve. So not only did we see some of our yield oriented products like preferreds, high yield, diversified real assets see positive flows, but even a lot of our equity products. So REITs, blue chip which has a large cap U.S. equity product really sets some decent flows, equity income and small cap international, so really across a broad range of capabilities. And so we're optimistic about the future. Obviously second quarter we'll have some headwinds with a client that's leaving, but for the second half of the year, we still feel good about that then net cash flows.
Tim Dunbar: Yes. We actually see good net cash flow in each of the market segments, but I'll have Renee speak specifically to your question Tom.
Tim Dunbar: Yes. So, maybe quickly on that one, it has in part as Renee described earlier. A difference on the size of the plan sponsor and if you're skewing towards the larger end you're going to put downward pressure on the percentage of proprietary Asset Management. The percentage of small medium and large they've drifted slightly downward over the over the last few. But, again it's our objective to be customer centric, provide customers and advisors for what they are looking for, there are multiple sources of revenue growth for Principal in totality. And so we continue to manage that but we will continue it to be customer centered and how we present our investment offering. The fees are competitive, the performances is good and a little bit of an hiccup in Q4 period. But, as I look at the relative strength of the investment performance on the 1, 3 and 5 that still puts us on a formidable position to attract a lot of assets. The last thing I would say and you can't forget this. We still capture a lot of assets through DCIO, it's where we're putting our investment options on our competitors platform and again that's been a growth engine for the company as well. And those results are not shown in full service, but rather within PGI. So thank you for the question.
Amy Friedrich: Thanks for the question, John. I think what we're really getting at here is probably mostly a comparison issue. I think Deanna mentioned it in her comments before, but we typically see a lot of first quarter seasonality from our dental vision line. And last year first quarter we didn't see quite as much of that. I would say we're back to normal seasonality for dental and vision for first quarter of this year. For group disability in terms of the loss ratios, first quarter last year was unusually low. We had a lot of moving pieces happening first quarter last year that kind of made things a little noisier product by product. But I would say we're back to something at this point now that we feel like is indicative of a pretty good run rate. So always a reminder too on loss ratios given the seasonality, given the things that can happen quarter-by-quarter in these businesses, trailing 12 months tends to be a good guideline to go back to.
Amy Friedrich: Okay. Let me get at the lapse question then Q. One of the things that will happen with the businesses from quarter-to-quarter, we can have larger cases that have some impact into our lapses. And so when I look at Group Life, Group Life for first quarter of this year was impacted by some larger case lapses. Keep in mind that as we look at the business we look at what rate we need. We asked for rate increases against that business and when I look at our Group Life Lock, we are increasing the profitability and performance of that block. So I'm comfortable with any lapses that happened first quarter.
Amy Friedrich: Right. So that the landscape is competitive but not irrational in the markets that we're in. So, keep in mind in the markets that we're in, we're mostly in that small to medium sized marketplace. So, we don't tend to be in that larger and we don't tend to be in the jumbo case on the hunt for some of those jumbo cases. And so, when I look at the pricing we're able to typically get the type of price that we want on a really attractive growth rate. I would come back to I think we do the fundamentals of the business really, really well especially in the small market. In fact I'd argue in the small market we're probably one of the best total offerings out there in terms of total value.
