Daniel J. Houston: Thanks, Seth, for the question. I think your question's a little more broad perhaps on all the cume, and if you pull in the funds, which we're finally seeing, from the mutual funds, is a very strong contribution to operating earnings and helping improve the margins there. We looked at that business being very sustainable. And just a reminder, that is equally as involved in the qualified retirement plan business, if you think about those dollars in our DCIO. It's the investment-only on other competitive platforms. And then, of course, a lot of rollover IRA business. So again, we feel very good about our sustainability in this accumulation segment of the market.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, Mark, maybe just a couple of comments. It always has been and continues to be a competitive market. We've got to adapt, adjust and make sure that we're pivoting appropriately. But frankly, there are some nice tailwinds coming into the businesses right now. And you see that, and I'm sure as you're fully aware of the economic recovery here, but if I just look at new plan formation, at the peak low, it was down 40%. It's only off 5% now from the high. So there's a lot of us out there that are involved in new plan formation in addition to just the transfer business. If you look salary deferrals, if you look at participation percentages, that's what's contributing to this nice contribution from recurring deposits. And that's been an element of our growth story towards profitability for a lot of years, and frankly, that was absent here in the course of the last 3 or 4 years. We're seeing more and more of the employers, put their matches back in place. We certainly saw that for year-end 2013. And the other contributing factors is some of the investments going into higher margin products, equities in particular, away from some of the fixed income. So whether or not they're stable, I think the rate of decline has slowly -- has certainly slowed up, but I would say continue to be a competitive marketplace. We're going to continue to adjust and adapt, but it's nice to know that we're finally getting some of these economic tailwinds by helping grow this business.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, I guess, I'll own up to the 10% to 12%, because what we've -- what I tried to put that in the context in previous calls, is that if you looked at what kind of concessions you have to make on certain attractive new business, the concession could be somewhere in that 10% to 12%. That's still out there today. Remember that on most plans over $5 million, we're able to do a cost-benefit analysis on each one of those cases. We know what we're having to invest in the case in order to maintain it. As you heard in the prepared comments, we did walk away from a couple of pieces of business that just, frankly, weren't profitable to us. We are going to continue to have that sort of pricing discipline, and of course, as was mentioned earlier, we still have the benefit of some of these shifts towards more proprietary asset management. Jim's performance in many of these accounts has been quite favorable. So as we're out there talking to not only prospective clients, but also at the time of going out and visiting with existing clients, we're out there pitching our very strong proprietary asset management. All of those things, I think, is what will allow us to at least hold the line here on these margins and continue to perhaps improve from here.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, that net cash flow number historically is -- we've guided you toward that 4% to 6%. My guess is, this year, you could see that number closer to 1% to 3% range for net cash flow. Again, we focus on the profitability of these relationships, continue to focus on revenue growth. And our revenue growth is going to come from those small- to medium-sized businesses. Remember, we also picked up a lot of net cash flow from just improving the overall quality of these plans by improving recurring deposits, that's the matches, that's the deferrals and that's participation. So a lot of hard work has to go into it, but I would continue to see our FSA franchise having strong relative net cash flow to the rest of the industry.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, just a couple of comments and I appreciate the question, Randy. You had nearly a 20% increase over beginning of year account balances of withdrawals. That's just based on the fact that these accounts were bigger. And that was really $0.5 billion, $500 million just attributable to that point. We had record retention in 2012. And again, I think, relative to the competitive market, we've written 1,900 new contracts in the last 12 months. 916 of those coming in the first quarter of 2013. So I don't think there's any question, we've got a very competitive offering out there in the marketplace, not only to retain business but to attract business. And I think our strong investment performance, our continued commitment to TRS are 2 of the big contributors to that success, which -- you made other comment about lower-cost options. We have lower-cost options. We have passive investment strategies on our platform. We have CITs, or collective investment trusts, on our platform, and we've got revised service arrangements. So if someone wants a lighter service model, we've got that available for our clients. So again, it's always been competitive, continues to be competitive, but again, between the pricing discipline on a go-forward basis on the in-force and attracting of new business, we feel quite comfortable with our withdrawals and our net cash flow at this point.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, I think, again, we're balancing a number of factors here. It really, again, is a question, overall, about the revenue you're receiving on your new business. It's about the revenue you're receiving on your existing block of business. It's about how you have to adjust the revenue on your existing block of business as those plans get bigger. And as those plans get bigger, understandably, the advisor and the plan sponsor would expect those fees to be adjusted over time. So you're balancing a number of competing considerations. What I would say is we're probably in a better position today in terms of having balance between all of those. We're in a better position today than we've been in the last couple of years. So I think that's why you're seeing those sort of overall results stabilize. And again, pending some shock to the market or some other unforeseen event, I think, we'd expect those trends to continue.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, there's a lot packed into there, but that's a -- there's some good questions in there. So again, if you go to Slide 11, I'm not going to try to repeat everything that's on Slide 11. I'm going to ask Luis to comment when I finish here. But if you go to Slide 11 on the website, you'll see a pretty good reconciliation of the kind of issues of the quarter. So what you'll see in there is, because of the repatriated -- the tax on repatriated capital from Hong Kong, if you adjust for that, reported earnings would be up 6%. If you adjust for FX, foreign exchange and if you assume more normal inflation, you'd be up 17%. That does include Cuprum just to be clear, so the 17% does include Cuprum. I would say that the -- over the longer term, the revenue growth is going to be closer to the AUM growth, but there's always going to be some lag. There's always going to be some differential between that. That differential is not going to be as high as what we see here in the U.S., where if you look at Full Service Accum, you might grow revenue 8% or 9%, but you may only -- or yes, you may grow AUM 8% or 9% which may only grow revenue 3% or 4% or 5%, so that's a fairly big differential. There is a differential in international. It's a little bit smaller because of the slightly less competitive nature of that. But again, I'd reiterate this is a sort of double-digit growth business, a number of macroeconomic factors in this particular quarter, plus the accounting elements that Terry mentioned. So a noisy quarter, but I want to reiterate the fundamentals are very, very much in place. And maybe ask Luis to talk a little bit about AUM growth versus revenue growth.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, I think -- this is Larry, and again, I'll have Dan comment. I think there's still some -- as I've read different analyst reports, Mark, I would still say I think there's, unfortunately, still some that are sort of looking at this in terms of ROA, return on assets, as compared to return on revenue. This has really essentially become almost totally a fee-based business. So I really do think that return on revenue or return on net revenue is really a better way to think about this. And that's why in our kind of outlook discussion for 2013, you saw us provide guidance around revenue growth and sort of return on net revenue. So I think that's the way to think about the business. And when you sort of look at results over the last -- well, the current quarter as compared to, say, the trailing 12-months, I think you've started to see stabilization in that return on net revenue. Again, there's a little bit, as Dan commented earlier to Seth's question, it varies a little bit when you look at RIS accum because the return on revenue isn't quite the same for Full Service Accum, for mutual funds and for Individual Annuities. But they're relatively close, and so that -- it doesn't move around that much, so...
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, that's -- first, I really appreciate the observation. Our team that runs that business has really done an extraordinary job. And I would just comment on a couple of things there that I think are important and do make it sustainable going forward, Mark. First of all is that we continue to have outstanding investment performance, and again, there's a slide on the website, and we -- and I commented in my remarks earlier, but you have roughly 75% to 80% of the funds in the top half of their appropriate universe. So investment performance is consistent, and it's very, very strong. Obviously, that's fundamental. Probably, the one that isn't as well understood that's really powerful is this solutions-oriented approach that we've taken. The traditional sort of benchmark aware mutual fund, that's a tough way to sort of go. And it really is about innovation, and it is about outcome-oriented solutions in the mutual fund business, so we refer to things like our Global Diversified Income Fund or our global real asset fund, or even to some extent our lifecycle portfolios like our Strategic Asset Management portfolios and LifeTime. So product innovation really matters. Obviously, investment performance matters. Our team has really done just an outstanding job. And the other thing that I commented on in my opening remarks, if you think about -- we expanded our advisor base by 20% over the last year. That is a very, very significant stat. So we become very much of a player in the U.S. mutual fund business, both retail funds, to some extent funds for high net worth, but also, as Dan said, this investment-only business, so it is sustainable. We do think we've got great traction. We got great performance. We expect these trends to continue.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, 2 quick comments, and then I'll let Dan handle the bulk of the question. I frankly don't recall that we've -- I think, you commented about reducing renewal pricing 10% to 12%. I don't recall that I've said that or that we've said that, so I don't know -- in fact, I don't even know what that stat would be. We price renewal business to be competitive. That's -- and I don't have a particular number around that. On your point about walking away from business, again, I want to be clear. Our close rates have continued to stay pretty much in that same range. The close rate was around 12% in Q1 on the pipeline. And you'll remember, and we've said many times that sort of our historical close rate's in that 10% to 12% level. So we're still very, very competitive and our close rates continue to hold up very well. Last thing I'll say before turning it over to Dan is our pipeline's up 6% as well. So all the fundamentals here continue to look very good. It's just that, again, we're working a little bit more and there's a little more activity in that small to medium end of the market, which is advantageous relative to this whole margin issue.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: This is Larry, John. We've done a great job in growing this business, and it is becoming more significant. And I'm glad to see all of you starting to dig in a little more into some of the details of it. Again, I'll let Luis comment. I would just say from a broad, sort of high-level, again, you don't have the competitive dynamics necessarily in the international markets. That's not to say that, that won't happen over time, because I think it will, and obviously, some markets are more competitive than the others. I just want to make one comment before I throw it over to Luis, which is that the particular point around the 17% increase, if you assume constant foreign exchange, and if you assumed more normal inflation in Latin America, as we said earlier, that does include Cuprum. It also includes some investments that we're making in Asia. So we're in the process of building out a retirement platform in India, and we're also in the process of building up a more independent distribution platform in Hong Kong. And that is -- those are extra expenses, they're investments. There's no deferral allowed on those expenses. And so we're choosing to make those investments in Asia. The reality is that Latin America is a very sort of high-growth market today, and we're reaping the benefit of that. We're trying to execute a strategy over the long-term that allows us to invest in tomorrow, which is going to be Asia. So we want to have the same competitive platform in Asia in 3 years and 5 years and 7 years that we have today in Latin America. And the only way we're going to do that is we're going to have to invest in it, and we're going to have to build those platforms, because they don't really exist today in Asia. So we're sort of having to build them ground up. And you see some of the reflection of that in the Principal International results, and it's been going on and it will continue to go on at some level. So just recognize that there is this investment that has to go on. It will pay off in the long term, I think we've demonstrated through the growth of Principal International over the last 10 years. Luis and his team have done an outstanding job. They know how to manage these businesses. They know how to build these platforms, and it does lead to significant growth over time. So Luis...
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, and my overly long response, John, was only to say that there is -- it's really investment that's going on here more than it is margin pressure. And again, that's not to say that there won't be margin pressure. But sort of when you look at this quarter, or if you look at last quarter or next quarter, it's more likely to be a question of investing in the business than it is a question of margin pressure.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Right, so I'll maybe have Terry or Luis comment. But again, I just want to emphasize that all of the operational elements of Cuprum continue to go exceptionally well. And I said in my remarks, again, the regulator does very detailed surveys of both investment performance and customer service, and Cuprum has historically shown up very, very well in those surveys. I'm not saying that we're going to be #1 every year, because that's -- you can't do that. But having said that, we were, in fact, #1 as far as investment performance and customer service. So operationally, it's going very, very well. And if we -- as our team down there continues to execute, it obviously does lead to improved performance over time. So with that, maybe I'll ask Terry or Luis to comment.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, this is Larry, Randy. Again, I'll have Dan comment. But I would say that the withdrawal number this time, there was -- again, we've been actually expecting this. To be honest, we'd retained these plans a little longer than we thought. If you look at the macro environment, you're starting to see more M&A activity happen. I'm not talking about related to Principal, I'm just talking about generally in the capital markets. You're starting to see more activity. And we've had a couple of sort of larger size plans, where those employers had been acquired by very large employers. I'm not going to name names, but that had happened maybe 6 months to 12 months to 18 months ago. And we knew that, eventually, we were going to lose these plans, because, again, our particular employer relationship had been acquired. So you have a sort of a pent-up demand, if you will. You have sort of a slightly larger than you would expect sort of withdrawal coming out as these employers transition to the newly acquired employer's plan. So again a little bit of pent-up demand. The sort of potential for higher withdrawals, that Dan was talking about earlier, is more reflective of the fact that we're trying to sort of maintain discipline in our renewal pricing. And so with that, maybe I'll kick it over to him.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Thanks, everybody, for joining us on the call today. As I said in my opening comments, we're very, very pleased with the momentum of the businesses, and we're going to remain focused on execution, sort of across the board, as we go forward in 2013. So again, thanks to everybody for being on the call today, and we look forward to seeing many of you on the road in the coming months. Have a great day.
