Dan Houston: I wouldn't expect $0.01 every quarter, we again try to provide you with guidance that this 40% targeted payout ratio is really ideal from our perspective, it's taken a while to get there and certainly our intention to be in around that 40% unless something material was disruptive to the business.
Dan Houston: Yes Seth, I certainly appreciate the question and you're right and to ask those kinds of questions, but the first thing I would tell you is, you really have the benefit of strong domestic equity markets today that help really propel you to the high side of that and that's certainly one of the very key components. The other is and we have lighter expenses for the quarter albeit sometimes you have timing issues those do get spread out over a period of time, but the management team, Nora, Greg Burrows and others are doing a really good job managing the efficiencies of the operations. And then of course we know that we've just got a really strong investment performance for three and five year, which allows us still to manage a lot of a proprietary assets, which contributes to a successful franchise for a full service accumulation. But with that I’m going to ask Nora to put some additional color on what the future might look like relative to those margins.
Dan Houston: Yeah. It was not intended to be a sort of a loaded question, but from one quarter to the next, there are always some lumpiness the way expenses come in. When I think about, not only the balance of this year, but as we think about 2018 and beyond, enhancing the customer experience is a big deal for me. We know that competition and I'm not talking about financial services, I’m talking more broadly that consumer has a higher expectation about what that feels like and looks like. We continue to invest in the brand and we're getting really good traction there. It’s been very well received.  Technology used to be a lot about the back office and middle office and we're seeing the need to make further investments on the very front end. So you'll see us making announcements around digital technology, machine learning, artificial intelligence to help us do a better job, servicing customers and running the business. And then, Jim mentioned, I know when he’s been on the road recently about the expansion of some of our sales operations around the world.  Again, we look at that as a good investment for today that pays off in the future. And then the last thing I would just draw your attention to is the shifting demands of consumers away from 40 Act funds and even CITs and a strong interest in exchange traded funds, ETFs, in that franchise, Jim is adding resources, talent, platforms and all things necessary. So it’s that sort of pent-up views that I have on, of course we have to align our expenses with revenues. We want to be mindful of that, but those are the kinds of expenses I'm thinking about for the balance of the year and into ‘18.
Dan Houston: Yeah. Sure. And I’ll have Luis do that. Brazil is an interesting market, because it has been so successful for so long in terms of dominating that local position with our joint venture partner, Banco do Brasil. And even as I mentioned in my prepared comments, when you think about getting 37% of the flows, it tells you just how successful they've been. So I think what we're dealing with is a modest setback on still a very, very strong franchise, but Luis, you want to go and build on that.
Dan Houston: Yeah. The one comment I would make here, Erik and I think you just touched on it, which is a reminder to all of us. Our franchise has passive hybrid active alternatives, it has hedge funds and I think if you go back five and ten years ago, you saw a strong correlation between AUMs and the corresponding revenues. That has now been effectively separated. It is no longer -- it’s highly correlated, especially when we think about all the different structures, ETFs, 40 Act funds, CIT. So we’re going to have to be thinking about year end and communicating to you as we provide you with better outlook and guidance on what we can expect, because not every AUM today carries anywhere near the same revenue. It's so broad and what that, I’ll ask Jim to add answer your similar specific questions.
Dan Houston: Yeah. You just hit on it too and Jim can elaborate, what was a rough third and fourth quarter year ago.
Dan Houston: So I guess a couple of points I would make. First, from a geographical perspective, when you think about the countries we're in and we face those off against, our projections for kind of 2025 and 2050 and where we think the emerging markets are going to grow in developing middle classes that would likely be candidates for buying these sorts of products and services, it is Chile, it is India, it is Brazil, it is India, it is in those markets where we've planted seeds and been there for a long time. So in terms of geography, I feel really, really good about where we are operating today and again, a lot of credit goes to Barry and Larry over the years for making sure we got into the right markets.  The second thing I would say as it relates to products and services, it's been amazing to me Jimmy how much they've evolved to look a lot the same around the world and both in terms of structures and asset classes. And I know both Jim and Luis have talked on many occasions that it's really local investing, regional investing and then global investing. I think what's changed to me is the pace of play, it’s just evolving more quickly. So we do have to continue to be nimble, we have PI and PGI working very closely together to make sure that we're as efficient as we can be in building our products and solutions, investment solutions locally. Having said that, we'd still like to do more infrastructure.  We think that that's an asset class that’s very interesting. European real estate and more, other markets where we can leverage our real estate capabilities from the United States would be good. And I think again, you're witnessing the advantage of the boutique model with the uncorrelated investment result. CCI has struggled in some of their strategies while we have other mid small and large cap capabilities and other boutiques that have performed quite well, but we have shopping list, we have very active pipeline; Tim Dunbar, Lou Flori and team just do a terrific job of sorting through it, but we feel again good about the countries, we feel good about the shopping list relative to where we could add capabilities and in some extreme instances, scale.
Dan Houston: You phrased the question around line of questioning, it sounds more like a deposition, but I appreciate that Suneet and all kidding aside. So a couple of thoughts. The first where we want to focus is on organic growth. We think that that's good value for our shareholders and building scale, building capabilities. The spread business that you’ve seen, nice growth in here in the last couple of years with again things we're getting properly -- investors are being properly rewarded with good returns there. The targeted payout ratio was a high priority to get to that 40%. So you've seen us increase the dividend.  There has been a lot of work in the last 12 months on the repositioning of debt ladder to make sure that that was in good order, so that we didn’t experience something as we did back in 2008 and 2009 when we had some debt maturing that was short term in nature. And then of course, as I mentioned earlier, we feel good about our pipeline for M&A. And against selectively purchasing our shares, but I have a lot of confidence that we’ll hit that 800 million to 1.1 billion of capital deployment for the full year 2017.
Dan Houston: Yeah. It absolutely does represented a good opportunity. It’s a big market. If you look at CCB pension, they’ve already grown to be over $100 billion in a short period of time that they've been in business. They're adding a lot of scale and capability. It will take investment there to fully build out what’s going to be necessary, but I would definitely say that as we think about gaining more momentum, more capabilities in Brazil, in Southeast Asia with our joint venture partner, CIMB as well as in China, there will be an ample opportunity to deploy capital quite wisely to help build on the prior success.
Dan Houston: Well, it’s been kind of interesting to me to see the demand for income and retirement, whether it's by individual or corporations trying to get out from underneath these liabilities associated with their defined benefit plan and that places where we’ve played is, you’ve been in a relatively small end of that marketplace, and we’re getting good pricing relative to what historically you would have thought. We would have had, so again, we look at that, it’s not only opportunistic, but it’s certainly been opportunistic in our favor within the last few years.
Dan Houston: Yeah. Just maybe three very quick comments. The first of which is from our vantage point, we believe the fundamentals of these businesses are very much intact. Secondly, we're going to continue to focus and find that delicate balance between growth and profitability. And the third is, we’re going to put a lot of emphasis on understanding the needs of our customers. That is our highest priority to make sure that we remain relevant to our customers and we all know that it's a very dynamic and shifting market, but we look forward to seeing you on the road. And again, thank you for taking the time today to participate in the call.
Nora Everett: Sure. So the estimate that Dan gave at 3 billion, one thing to be aware of is we always have timing issues. So when we say two to three quarters it could be this calendar year, some of that could slip into next calendar year 1Q in particular. So again just trying to give an approximation. Another important part of the 3 billion is the majority of that 3 billion represents one case, the one case is north of 1.5 billion. So again that timing in that particular case whether it falls on the 4Q or 1Q at this point in time we're not sure when that would occur. We don't see the balance of that $3 billion primarily reflects in M&A with a couple of larger cases. And in fact in one case a bankruptcy, so we don't see any systemic issues here. And back to Dan's earlier point, importantly what we see with our core SMB segment, small to medium business segment is continuing strong net cash flow. So whether it's 1% to 3% or not it will depend on some timing here within the 1% to 3% percent, but probably more importantly that core SMB segment has still has strong net cash flow.
Nora Everett: Yes, as Dan said it, but you can't underestimate the power of equity market tailwinds. If you look at the daily average, up 15.5% 2Q over 2Q and so just the ability to have, for those equity markets to drive both top line and bottom line is significant. But probably as important again, not overlooking a strong fundamental, strong sales, up 25% year-to-date over year-to-date, strong recurring deposits. So the fundamental is very strong, but we certainly anticipate that the pricing pressure is going to continue. So that's why you see directionally the margins that we talk about. With that said, full year, we still expect to be at the high end of margin expectation and still expect to be at the high end of our earnings range. So we certainly are expecting continued good growth, but the margin discussion reflects both on the positive side, the equity market lift and the fact that we expect pricing pressure to continue.
Nora Everett: Yeah. So, John, you’ve hit on some of the delta, the higher, obviously higher VII, higher mortality experience gains, lower expenses, but there are -- to your point, there's also some higher course spread and when you talk about product mix, it's as much about the opportunities we've had in those opportunistic businesses. So you think about the pension risk transfer business, you think about investment only. We certainly have gained around some of that core spread, but with that said, we still take you back to those outlook ranges and the high end of those outlook ranges, because as you take out some of those items that I identified, yes, it brings you to the high end or slightly over the range. But there's a mix -- there's a product mix there, but it's a combination of those drivers. So we're just wanting you to take a balanced approach as you look through to what's driving this first half of the year relative to the second half.
Luis Valdes: Yes, you are totally right. I mean many reforms are coming particularly if President Xi is going to be confirmed for the next five years, they’re going to continue looking at the financial services industry. As you know China is a policy driven economy, so they're very much more focused on internal consumption and to continue development in that system. In particular, Humphrey, the pension reform in China is a big issue. And they are continually thinking how do switch their payroll system, Pillar 1 into contoured system based on Pillar 2 and Pillar 3. So very encouraging discussions, in order to do that they really need help, they need a pension experts, and global pension experts at Principal Financial Group. So we're very much more in those discussions, Humphrey.
Luis Valdes: Yes. Ryan, again, this is Luis. We have to put in perspective that in our pension business in Brazil, we delivered $1 billion in net customer cash flows in second quarter. As Dan said and mentioned, this represent 37% of market share in that industry. We have had some slowdown in our deposit, nothing in our withdrawals that you could see in our supplement and the reason is simply one, Banco, our partner, they have been much more focused on their in-house banking products in the first part of the year rather than in other financial services product related like pensions and insurance.  So we are expecting that our partner is starting to shifting their attention in the later part of this year into other related financial products, but anyway, the $1 billion that we put together in the second quarter has also been a stellar performance for a pension company in Brazil. We do expect some improvements, but it is -- again, Brazil continues to be the leader in that industry.
Luis Valdes: Yes. Jimmy, thanks for your question and probably you remember a couple of quarters ago that I mentioned to you that the main reasons for those outflows are two. The first reason is more customers are anticipating their retirement decisions and Cuprum is an accumulator and at the same time, we’ve paid programmers withdraw. So there is a source of, I’d say, outflows and the second reason for these outflows is about market aggressiveness. And we have been in a kind of an interesting environment, but if you’re looking in our supplement, our deposits, our ability in order to put deposits remains intact.  So my comment about that is that the discussions about pension reforms and movements in that market is making us our inflows a little choppy, but I like to go back with Cuprum and I want to try to qualify my answer is, we are managing today more money in Cuprum than at any given point on its history. That’s number one. Number two, Cuprum is still in this kind of environment, a very resilient company and we are reporting in a normalized base, more earnings and revenues and they’re slightly apt in a TTM and also in quarter over quarter and in a sequential quarter.  So even having those negative net customer cash flows again, I’m saying that we are very pleased and with Cuprum and Cuprum, we have improved that very resilient organization and business. The discussion about the pension reform, which is driving all this kind of noise that you have mentioned, it is a very interesting one, but we’ve remained very optimistic about the future of the pension industry in Chile and in particular about Cuprum, but Chileans are not saving enough, and that’s a main reason for the market adequacy that we do have there. So this is actually where we’re working, paying a lot of attention about asset retention, claim retentions. We have seen improvements in May, June and July in our net customer cash flows so we remain optimistic going forward.
Jim McCaughan: On performance fees, we did indicate back when we did the guidance last December that this would be a pretty lean year, not because of bad performance, but because of incidents, because remember a large part of our performance fees are based on real estate funds with three, five maybe even longer year periods and sometimes dependent on the time that the asset gets realized. The outflow then leads to a performance fee. This year is a bit lean on that.  We're expecting some pick up in 2018, but not much in the second half of the year. I'm actually pretty pleased though that the first half, we've seen revenues almost make up for what last year was a pretty good second quarter in performance fees. So -- and that's very sustainable, that’s management fees, which in the end will also be a sign that performance fees longer term could be positive.  Just lastly on performance fees for the remainder of the year, I think the main element there may well be the year end performance fees on hedge funds and some of the other performance fee clients. I think that's very difficult to tell at the moment of what that will look like, but there will be almost for sure a number there in the fourth quarter. You can see from the past though that it’s fluctuated quite a lot.
Jim McCaughan: Firstly, the range that Dan talks about, it goes from 3 basis points to 2.20. So there is a very wide range, maybe ten years ago, our range was a lot narrower than that. It didn't go as high because we didn't have so many alternatives, it didn't go so low because there were less in the more commoditized index products. Secondly, the two clients who took away the large mandates, I should emphasize are still clients and are still buying added value capabilities from us.  But to give the specific numbers on the large mandates that were mentioned, the 3.3 billion in two large mandates that were lost in the second quarter was on 7 basis points. If I look at the average for the deposits in the second quarter of 4.5 billion, the average was 42 basis points. So in other words, those assets are much heavier in their impact on revenue than the ones we lost. And actually if you will trade $1 billion account for $200 million higher added value on for the same client, the flows look terrible, but you’re ahead in terms of the quality of the business. The pipeline is strong.  We do regularly review the pipeline and I would actually say just subjectively without a lot of numbers, it's probably the strongest it's been and I think it demonstrates that with our capabilities in specialty strategies, in multi-asset strategies the ability to add value, we are in a pretty good place to grow the revenue. So if you like, I’m a lot more confident that we’ll continue to produce above industry revenue growth than I am about the fee -- the flows in any given quarter.  Lastly, on cases at risk, yes, those got to be cases at risk because things change and the hedging has been a source of some difficulty, both when we had dollar strength last year and then when we had increasing hedging costs on the Japanese yen this year. So there are cases that are at risk, not anything extraordinary though, not anything that makes the clients unhappy and we're certainly confident that it won’t be a matter of losing clients, it's more a matter of shifting balances on particular clients. So I'm really just trying to portray that we're managing this business more for revenue than for flows, but obviously the flows is an indicator you need to look out.
Jim McCaughan: Yeah. And the annual numbers should look a little bit better as those rough quarters that Dan mentioned roll off, hopefully we’ll do better in the second half of this year. But it's also, there is a bit of noise around the performance numbers and I’ll give you a couple of statistics that may help here. If I look at our year-to-date results, how we're doing in 2017, 53% by number of our funds are above median. That doesn't sound great. That sounds almost random. But if I cut out the funds that are either indexed or predominantly indexed and remember this is a period when active management has paid off.  Excluding those, we are 67% above median year-to-date. I think that shows that we're still on track with our very focused multi boutique strategy, leading to very tightly focused investment teams that can outperform. So I remain confident that we've got plenty of good stuff for our sales people to use versus clients. We mentioned 56^ by number had four and five star in the US mutual funds. It’s actually 69% by assets, which I think really shows that our sales people have a lot to work with. So that's kind of underlying my continuing confidence, which is, as I said, more on revenues than on flows.
