Larry Donald Zimpleman: Good morning, Yaron, this is Larry. I’ll make a few comments and then ask Terry to comment as well. I mean, we think – I think actually the quarter – the sequential quarters from Q1 to Q2 would have played out, I think about as you would have expected for us. I mean, in normal times, again we think that we grow our businesses around, somewhere around 10% to 12% annually which if you convert that to quarterly, you sort of get down to that 2% to 3% level. So, the dollar sort of a earnings, normalized earnings in Q1 would normally have been say, $1.2 or maybe $1.3 if you take into account both, I would say the momentum of the businesses and sort of market performance during that time. So, I think the key here is that, things are operating very, very consistently with what we would expect our business model to produce. So I’ll see if Terry wants to add anything.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Ryan, yes, this is Larry. I like the inherent optimism that’s contained in your question. But I am also a little bit tempered by more than 40 years in this business. So, again what I would say is that, if you are able to achieve a 30% to 32% margin return in this business, you are really talking about a business that has an ROE in that sort of an equivalent number. So you are talking about a business that’s got a 30 plus percent ROE. And I guess the way I think about this is that, while there may be periods, as you said, because of some extra DRD in Q1 and because of some good market performance in Q2, we’ve been a little bit above that range. I think as an investor and we are all investors just like all of you, we are pretty happy and excited about a growing business that’s got a 30% ROE. So, I think that, while there is going to be some periods where it maybe a little bit above that, there might be some periods where it’s a little bit below that as we invest in the business or continue to build out the platform. And I think really over the long-term, if we can hang in that 30% to 32% area, I think, that’s a really, really good return in that business. 
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Correct. Yes, that's correct. Yes, you want to think about that as kind of the long-term sort of return in that business. And again, that's incredibly attractive, which of course, is why many other, many other competitors are trying to get into that business. So we know the competitive environment is going to remain difficult, but I think our track record is really second to none in those businesses.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: I maybe add one quick – if I could add one quick comment, Erik, I think it's important to understand and this is somewhat true in the Funds business, but also true in the Retirement business, there is less business moving and that's typical. When you have a year where the market is as generous as it was in 2013 and you go back and look at prior periods, inevitably, there is less business sort of out to bid. And that's the reason that in my earlier comments, I said, net-net, really if you thought in terms of economics, the reality is, is that we are better off at mid-year 2014 than we were at midyear 2013 because we retained an additional $1.6 billion. So, sales only happen if and when business is out to bid and there is actually less business moving. So I actually think that, if we end up equivalent to 2013 sales, that’s going to be a strong year for us.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: This is Larry. I'll make a few comments and ask Luis if he like to add on to that. I mean, what is driving the performance there is, first of all, the very strong distribution platform of Banco Brasil. There is over 7000 Banco Brasil branches in all areas of that country and there is a very clear understanding on the part of the middle income and upper middle income group in Brazil that they need to take responsibility for their own financial future. And while the economy itself may struggle from time-to-time, and frankly in some respects, maybe due to perhaps more intervention by the government into the economy than what would be ideal, it doesn't disrupt the sort of fundamental demographic premise that you have this emerging middle-class that is very motivated to save and invest for their own financial future. So it's really a combination of catching the right demographic trend with an incredibly strong distribution partner, all backed up by the expertise of Principal, who is really managing, kind of under the surface, is really managing all of the critical elements of the business, so, investment portfolios, product development, product pricing, technology, et cetera. So you really have sort of that world class operation in a market that's growing very substantially. But any – okay? All right.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, absolutely. There's pretty good transparent – there is very good transparency as to the various components of the business. Brasilprev is one of about - I think three different areas of the business there and you can certainly go to their website. They do earnings calls in both Portuguese and English. I believe their earnings call is in about ten days or two weeks. But there is very, very good transparency and for those that are interested in kind of seeing how that company operates under the surface and how Brasilprev works, that's a great opportunity to better understand that.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Right, so again, this is Larry. I will just make a couple of comments. I think, you are exactly right, that the key here is the cross-sell percentage of the total retail client base of Banco Brasil, which is I think in that $60 million sort of range. And so it's really a question of what percentage of that retail base is eligible if you will, or is a good candidate for some sort of a retirement savings program. And others can sort of put their own number on it, but let's just say I'll put a number of 5% to 10% of that $60 million. So that's roughly 4 million, 5 million, 6 million retail clients that are potential. And I think in Brasilprev today, Luis, we're looking at – yes, 1.8, 1.8 million retail clients. So that's, that means, we could triple the opportunity in Brasilprev, if we just kept the retail client base of Banco at the same level. Now, of course the retail base of Banco is growing at that kind of 8% to 10% sort of range as well. So, as we say, when we go down and visit the folks at Brasilprev and have ongoing discussions, we got a lot of work to do. But it does give you a sense of what the longer-term potential is of that business.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, I mean, I guess the way I would think about it is that, what it demonstrates, I think, Seth, is that we're getting some pretty early traction with the initiatives that Luis discussed. I mean, we are sort of in the first inning, really of that opportunity. We just put these initiatives in place just in the last quarter or two. And it's actually very encouraging from our perspective to kind of see the traction that we are already getting. So I think, it should continue to further improve from here as those initiatives that Luis described get traction.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, Randy, this is Larry, thanks for the question. Again, I'll have Dan make a few comments. We've obviously spent a fair bit of time, quite a bit of time around that and I guess, what I would say is that, it has been kind of at the low end of our expectations for the last two quarters. I think in Q1, our experience was reasonably consistent with what we are seeing across most of the industry.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: In Q2, it was more severity than it was incidence. But whether we are similar to the industry or a little different than the industry, I think we'll have to see as the next couple weeks play out and as other companies report. But, again, what I would - I guess, try to emphasize is we think that our recent results, while slightly disappointing on mortality are still sort of at the low-end of the expected range and within what should be statistical fluctuation, so.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, so I think, Randy, it's probably best for my comments to stay more related to just overall, overall tax reform. And I'm probably – over my years, I have been more of an optimist than a realist around that. And I think I am certainly to become more of a realist, trending towards a skeptic really around the ability of Congress to take on a larger issue like tax reform. I think, because of the way political cycles work today with four-year Presidential election cycles and two year house cycles, I think the reality is that there is a very, very short window of time when a - such a significant piece of legislation like tax reform would get done. And I think, about the only time it can get done, is if you've got alignment between sort of the White House, or Senate and the House, and even then it sort of has to go on within kind of the first year of a two year term. So I don't see any possibility, despite discussion. I don't see any possibility that much is going to change in 2014 or 2015. Then we'll have a Presidential Election in 2016 and then depending on how that lines up, you could see, I think a kind of narrow window in there in the post-2016 period. But, I think before that, it's going to be most between that and the 2016 election, Randy, it's going to be mostly political posturing and discussion about what each party would do if they had sort of control of White House, Senate and House. But nothings are really going to really happen on that score.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, I mean, we will adapt to whatever situation, we find ourselves in. We've done this for many, many years and again, I - specifically as it relates to DRD, I don't really have comments other than to say, I think we apply the tax laws as they are.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sure. Yes, thanks for that question, Chris. I'll make a few comments and then I'll let Luis, add to that, because actually, Luis was the one who did the testimony in front of the Bravo Commission. What I would say relative to the meeting with Chilean President, Bachelet that I referenced in my opening comments is that, we stressed the importance, if there is a decision around some sort of government run AFP. First of all, why is there some interest in that? And the answer is that it's to try to improve coverage among the lower income segment. There is a group of workers often not in completely formal employment who are simply not saving enough for their retirement. And I think the Chilean government to their credit, is really focused on that problem. But one of the points that we made was that, that's actually more of a labor issue than it is a retirement issue. It's, again, the fact that these people are in more informal employment arrangements and that's why they haven't been participating regularly in the AFP system. The other point that I would say I made relative to the President Bachelet is that, if there is a desire to have a government run AFP for the primary purpose of focusing on lower income workers, that it be critical that that AFP sort of operate with the kind of same governance structure that is required of private sector AFP companies. And I would say we received immediate and total assurance and agreement that that would be the case, i.e., no sort of government subsidies, no sort of easier set of rules or fiduciary responsibilities around it, but it's got to operate at the very same level as the private sector. And then maybe I'll ask Luis if he wants to comment on the Bravo Commission component.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: And all of those that Luis just mentioned would obviously be very beneficial to the activity there and to our businesses, so.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us for our call today. I would say the momentum on our businesses is strong, as we commented at the start of the call. And we look forward to finishing 2014 on a very strong basis. So, we hope to see many of you out on the road over the next three months and particularly we would encourage if any of you are able to make it to please attend our investor event in New York in September. So with that, thanks and have a great day.
Daniel Houston: Yes, just maybe one detail. If you look at that 5% growth in recurring deposits and dissect that, you will find out that actually the fine contribution of recurring deposits were up 6.5% because defined benefit deposits were down about 8.5%. Again, lot of that funding would have happened in the first quarter. The other way to look at that Larry is to look at over the course of last trailing 12 months, it was up 7% and again, if you break out defined contribution from defined benefit, you will find out the DC growth over the trailing 12 months is up about 8.5%. So right on the – kind of that high single-digit space that we would talk about. So again I feel really good about the recurring deposits for FSA. 
Daniel Houston: Yes, I think that's well said. Second quarter as was mentioned on Larry's earlier comments tends to be a soft quarter. We anticipate having a strong second half of the year large part, Erik; because of just strong pipeline close rates continue to improve. I would be remise if I didn't call out strong investment performance. It was commented on earlier, but, whether it's one year, three year or five year, that's a strong indicator of how competitive we can be in a marketplace. So again, I feel very optimistic that we will not only on the full service accumulation business, but also in the mutual fund business, let that strong investment performance carry us through the rest of the year. So we feel good about it
Daniel Houston: Yes, it's a good question and that has always been the case, Erik, for the larger case market. And so I kind of think about plans north of say, $100 million to $200 million. There is generally a very healthy conversation around the per-head charge as opposed to something that might be more asset-based. We've not really seen that come down below the $50 million mark. As I've mentioned in previous calls, if the plan has more than $5 million of planned assets, we'll do - actually do a profitability analysis on each one of those pieces of business. Each one of them does differ a little bit in terms of resources that we use. Certainly, the use of Principal branded funds will drive that pricing. But on a net-net basis, whether it’s on a per-head basis or a function of the assets under management, we think we can still hit our long-term margin targets by adjusting accordingly. So it's not a new phenomenon and certainly something that we can adjust our model to.
Daniel Houston: And that's core, Erik, to our strategy, right, is to manage those assets. It's not our intention to be a standalone record keeper. We've got a world-class global asset management franchise with strong investment performance, bundled with all of those services, whether it's retire works or retire secure. Those are what value is being placed on that. As a matter of fact, there was an interesting article earlier this week talking about a study that Bloomberg did focusing on the largest 250 plans and the emphasis was on outcomes. And that's something you've heard us talking about for nearly a decade now. So again, I think that, momentum is moving towards what is it doing for my employees, is it preparing them for retirement in a satisfactory way and by managing the assets, providing the services, we think we've got a competitive advantage by packaging in that fashion.
Daniel Houston: Yes, that's exactly right. So it's kind of plus or minus the $5 million off of expectation of around $25 million, a $20 million that’s certainly lower than – that's on the low end of the range, tutoring right on the edge of whether or not get call it out or not. We did do some look back analysis, Randy. If we did experienced higher mortality in six of the last 14 quarters with only three outside, one standard deviation. So, again, it's on our mind. We are looking at it very closely. As you know, we've got a lot of reinsurance treaties on a fair amount of this business and there is a little bit of accounting noise. But, it's still within the range of reasonableness from our advantage point. And to that end, we still view that life business as a very valuable part of the franchise. We got good leadership overseeing it. We use it as our funding vehicle for non-qualified deferred comp and for our Business Owner Executive Solution. So it's good for the organization and like you would like to see, maybe a little less volatility, but it is expected as Larry pointed out, we had a couple relatively large claims that really drove the performance down for the quarter.
Daniel Houston: Those mortality tables perhaps change the funding levels in that 8% to 10% range. Remember that, we've got a lot of these small to medium-sized plans, more than 2500 of them. So these are relatively small dollar amounts. They are generally leaning towards funding the retirement benefit for the principals of the organization. So again, in the grand scheme of things, as we've talk to our defined benefit customers, this is not a derailer. So, I don't see defined benefit plan termination is increasing because of a increase in the use of the mortality tables. However, we do have to be very conscious so what the PBGC is doing relative to increasing fees. But it's still a very, very powerful way to go about funding for certain small to medium-size businesses, their long-term retirement benefits.
Luis Valdez: Yes, in dollars, that is a – we put $30 million in net customer cash flows a year ago, second quarter. And right now, we put in more than $70 million in this quarter. And essentially, we have in place right now three different initiatives in order to continue selling our voluntary products with Cuprum. The first one is that we are open to independent financial advisors; they are being able right now to sell our voluntary products that are manufactured by Cuprum. The second initiative is that, we already combined our sales forces with Principal Financial Group, prior one in then Cuprum in order to continue selling voluntary products and in a much – with a much more broader array of products. And the three initiatives is that we, - third, cross-selling, up-selling our current clients in Cuprum. So, these are the three initiatives are already in place in Cuprum.
Luis Valdez: Another way to see this, if today kind of 97% of our total fee incomes are coming from the compose rate business 3% 4% are coming from the bond. So you can see there what is that potential that we have in cuprum right now.
Luis Valdez: Yes, and kind of a short comments about what is our main proposal to that commission, Chris is, in three main areas. First, some proposal about the voluntary pillar and second proposal about the compulsory and then we put some proposal about the issues that related with the financial education that is needed. But essentially in a nutshell, Chileans and the compulsory mode they are saving 10% out of their pay check. Our proposal is that 10% has to go up to 16%, up to 16%, 17%. So, in two tranches. First, we move the 10% compulsory up to 13% and then to cover the next 4% with a third pillar which is a voluntary pillar. In that sense, two things are behind that. Not just moving the 10% up to 13%, it's also moving the salary cap. Just to give you a reference. You know the salary cap has to be updated, in the moment the salary cap was set in 1981, represent two times the – six times that total GDP per capita. Right now it represents two times. So it's very, very, very dated right now. So moving that salary cap, we have to at least to triple the salary cap in order to update the salary cap. The other thing which is important, we presented all the - our proposal in order to enhance the APBC solution, which is a 401(k) type solution for Chile. They are almost there, so they need just a few tweaks in order to really take off the Group solutions and the APBC industry. In the second issue, which is much more about the compulsory side, we certainly, we aim to move the fees and flows and fees over AUMs in order to align the whole industry in the right sense. And the second thing that we are talking about is to introduce and by default the concept of the lifetime funds instead of the risk kind of oriented funds that they already have. These are mainly the two main kind of things that we propose for how to enhance the system and certainly we put other important initiatives related with, financial education. But all in all, my personal view is that, in Chile, they have a pretty good understanding that the right solution is to increase their rate, the saving rate, increase a 10% up to a kind of 12%, 13% to move the salary cap right now very quickly and to certainly enhance the third pillar which is the voluntary pillar, particularly in the kind of 401(k) type solution.
