Dan Houston: Yes, good morning, John, good to hear from you. Just at a high level, as I said in my prepared comments, this is something we do every day, every quarter, every month, and to align our expenses with revenues, and again, credit goes to Pat and Kamal for their discipline within PGI. And I think what he’ll talk about is not only steps we’re taking in right-sizing, but also places where we’re investing, adding talent to build out organic capabilities to meet investor demand. So Pat, please.
Dan Houston: Yes, so thanks for calling that out, John, really appreciate that. We’re excited about expanding our relationship with China Construction Bank. As you know, we’ve had a 17-year relationship with China Construction Bank, including asset management and retail funds, so adding retirement and all four pillars by the way of the China retirement scheme is included as part of that JV. As I said in the earlier comments, the transaction will be accretive and we look forward to deploying resources against that opportunity, and again, establishing Principal’s positioning as being a global retirement player along with asset management. So thanks for the question.
Dan Houston: Well, that’s a great question. I appreciate that, Jimmy, and I’ll have both Pat and Chris respond. But before I do that, just maybe at a high level, I think what’s interesting is the way we report, and again, that’s on us on how we do this. But it reflects the Morningstar retail funds of which that’s a minority share of our overall asset management capabilities. And we actually have very strong performance in particular around the fixed income, which as you knowas in very high demand and Pat will cover a lot of that. And then secondly, just to note that, it’s – some of the most sophisticated investors out there are actually buying third quartile performance, because they have confidence in the manager and the strategies themselves. And we have a very positive outlook on what’s in the pipeline today and some commitments that have been made. So I know the correlation between investment performance must yield net cash flow, but I think there are instances of where you find a growth strategies like ours maybe a bit out of favor and therefore the commitments come in, in spite of not having one-year performance. But a reminder, our long-term performance remains very strong. With that, I’ll turn it over to Pat.
Dan Houston: Yes. Tracy, it's a good question. Hopefully you can appreciate given this volatile economic environment that we're in. This isn't a matter of conservatism, it's a matter of just being incredibly prudent and understanding how these businesses are going to perform. But with that, I'll ask Deanna provide you with additional clarity.
Dan Houston: Thanks for the questions, Tracy. We really do feel good about the quality of that portfolio. Even in a challenging time it is truly been positioned to weather this sort of challenging environment. So appreciate the question. Next question please.
Dan Houston: Yes, I’ll try to make a couple of high level comments then throw it over to Amy to provide it. And you may have already seen Erik, I picked up in the Wall Street Journal a couple of weeks ago and it was January 26, but they had actually gone back to February of 2020. And in that period of time since February of 2020, SMBs under 250 employees had actually hired 3.67 million individuals and that was net of layoffs and quits. Likewise on employers more than 250 employees the large businesses if you will, they had cut net 800,000 jobs. Our focus is not on hospitality, it’s not on retail, it is really around the professional businesses. And Amy is really truly one of our experts around the SMB. So Amy, how’s it impacting our business? And then maybe we’ll get Chris to make a couple of comments on the retirement side as well.
Dan Houston: I wish it were easier than it is, because as mentioned Josh, we actually have some third quartile performance that’s seeing large net cash flow and new sales a lot of attention. So the correlation sometimes, is very difficult. You’d think they’d be highly correlated, but the reality is, they’re not necessarily correlated and a lot has to do with its what’s in favor at any given time. But Pat, you can clean that up for me.
Dan Houston: Yes, thanks for joining the call today and again, apologies for those in the queue that we did not have a chance to get to Humphrey and his team will follow-up accordingly. From our perspective, 2022 was a transformative year. We de-risked our portfolio, reduced the balance sheet, and our businesses are less capital intensive and they’ve been historically. We’ll continue to focus on investing in our growth drivers, managing our expenses and revenues and returning excess capital to shareholders. We’ll share more about our 2023 outlook and long-term guidance on March 2 outlook call. Thank you for taking time out of your valuable day to be part of this Q&A. Thanks so much.
Pat Halter: Yes, John. Thanks for the question. So maybe just to kind of set the stage, as Dan mentioned, we’re very focused on operating margins and as you saw in the fourth quarter operating margin tipped a little bit below 37%, 36.8%, which is down from the third quarter of 38.4%. And that was clearly pressured as you highlight in terms of the volatility, investor risk aversion and resulting in lower average AUM in terms of fee generation. And we focus on that, absolutely in a very sort of a purposeful way as we think about managing our organization. We think our management team continues to be very, very disciplined in terms of, as you suggest, expense management, and it’s really aligning those revenues and those expenses. And clearly the fourth quarter required us to align the revenue with expenses, given the challenging and marketplace. We’re going to continue to be, I think, very focused on looking at activities that frankly are not producing growth and revenue contribution for the organization. That’s our main focus in terms of our expense management proposition. I want to make sure we clearly are staying focused on client interest and serving our clients very, very well. So our teams continue to be focused on that, that is very important. But also it’s very important, John, to highlight that we’re continuing to make sure that we are absolutely investing and challenging our teams to invest where we can maintain long-term growth and long-term, I think, revenue for the organization. So we’re going to continue to be very focused on expense management, but we’re going to be very focused also on investing in talent where we need talent and in terms of capabilities so that we continue to be relevant as investor interest shift and as capabilities shift in terms of their desires. We’re going to continue to invest in our distribution which we have, which is very important to our growth and we’re going to continue to further develop our private investment capabilities. That’s very important to our growth going forward also. So I really want to make sure that we highlight the growth centric – centricity about we’re going to continue to do and our management team is focused on that. In terms of expenses, we had some severance expenses in the fourth quarter, around $5 million of the severance expenses. For the year, our expenses were up around 2% year-over-year. And that’s obviously something that we are very conscientious of to make sure that those expenses stay in a very reasonable level in terms of our ability to continue to invest for growth, but continue to be very focused on margins.
Pat Halter: Yes. Jimmy, maybe just to start off with sort of the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter always is challenging, typically, that’s a very challenging seasonal quarter. But it was even more challenging because of the investor sentiment that we experienced in the fourth quarter. It was a sentiment of basically being risk off and positioning their portfolios with a waiting of concern. Concern about the fed, concern about the path of inflation, nervousness around the economic growth and related company earnings. So this risk off sort of impact was amplified, particularly in the mutual fund investor base in addition to being sort of focused on accelerating their holdings for tax management reasons, which offset some of the capital gains in this period. So we definitely saw lower sales, but also elevated withdrawals in our retail mutual fund business. And we’re not unique in the industry as a result of that. We definitely have seen outflows in fourth quarter. They were in equities predominantly, but also in fixed income. We also experienced in the fourth quarter, Jimmy, I think, a slowdown in real estate for the first time in terms of new investment activity. But I rest assured we have a very deep strong pipeline of committed capital in real estate. But given market conditions, we did not deploy as much of that new capital into the markets in the fourth quarter. Just for framing, for net cash flow for the full year, we continue to see a very strong net cash flow picture. And I think that’s a better view of a net cash flow in terms of trends, we are very pleased to see that managed net cash flow for the year, about $3.9 billion, Jimmy. And this is up about $1 billion from 2021, which net cash flow of around $2.9 billion. So we continue to see, I think, some strong longer term, I think expectations toward our ability to generate net cash flow. Dan, as we highlights beginning of the year, we definitely are seeing a change in sentiment. Investor behavior is becoming, I think, a more sort of positive in terms of tone, both in the equity particular in the fixed income markets. And I think one area that I think we’re going to be, I think, quite well prepared and well, I think, equipped in terms of the [indiscernible] is in terms of fixed income investments in the flows towards that. We have a great lineup of fixed income investments, where it’s preferred high yield emerging market debt, and all those fixed income investments are in the first quartile in terms of Morningstar performance on one, three and five-year basis. And I think we’ll continue to see flows in the real estate debt and the private credit space where we still have, I think, some very strong performance. So I think as we kind of look forward in terms of 2023 I think we’re well positioned in terms of our ability with the investment performance that we have to continue to attract capital. We’ll probably see our real estate flows be a little bit more second half orientated, because I think we need to have some of the, like, [indiscernible] evaluations. But I’ll just suggest to you Jimmy that performance is absolutely on our focus list. But it really requires us to be more deeper when we talk about investment performance to look at the type of investments we are absolutely seeing money in motion toward. And the trend relative to that is definitely in our direction in terms of our capabilities. So very constructive, I think we have a strong off-season lineup in terms of investment capabilities and look forward to capturing the shifts in the investor sentiment, which is quite positive at this point.
Pat Halter: Yes, Dan will handle it, but I would just simply say this, we are going to continue, as I said earlier, to liner expenses with our revenues and we don’t have a crystal ball on what a full 2023 looks like except to say we’re going to be incredibly disciplined and always look to be opportunistic about taking out expenses while at the same time making sure we don’t starve the businesses and invest for growth. Maybe Deanna would like to add some additional color. 
Pat Halter: Yes, Ryan. Great. Sort of follow-up question, I think from a bottom up perspective, we are absolutely always interrogating our commercial mortgage portfolio and in our fixed income portfolio to make sure that we really understand what the macroeconomic environment is doing to each one of our investments. So, we have a very disciplined bottom up perspective to both our fixed income and our commercial mortgage portfolio relative to its position and resilience to what we believe would be a recession environment for 2023. But we also do a top down sort of model sort of stress analysis of our portfolio and on both sides of the analysis, both the bottom up and the top down, our commercial mortgage portfolio continues to hold up very, very well Ryan, and you highlighted some of the material that we already provided, but we continue to see very strong resilience in terms of the income durability of the investments we have in commercial mortgages. The area that you would imagine we take extreme sort of I think vigilance on right now is our office portfolio. We have about a 100 loans for about $3.5 billion in our office portfolio. But even there, as we do our sort of bottom up and our top down analysis, our office portfolio has a 52% loan-to-value debt service coverage about 2.7 times. It’s 90% occupied. That continues to hold up quite well. But as you can imagine, we’re doing again, a lot of bottom up on scenario analysis on tenant rollover, lease maturities, how much some of the properties are giving back space to the markets. And that will continue to be a very strong vigilance for us as we go into 2023, but we’re not seeing any sort of major problems surface yet in terms of our overall portfolio or in that office part of our portfolio Ryan.
Pat Halter: Yes, Josh clearly, Morningstar benchmarking is utilized to inform advisors, gatekeepers, individuals in terms of how well our capabilities and our strategies are doing relative to other investment managers. But it’s more complicated to that because decision makers, gatekeepers are really looking at not just the one year performance; they’re looking at three year, five year since and session performance. They’re also looking at, things such as the investor style, the approach they take in terms of their actual investment portfolio, pricing in the portfolios. In terms of portfolio construction, there’s a lot of other things that multi-strategy solution providers look at outside of performance in terms of diversification to their overall mix of performance. So it’s much more nuanced in terms of just performance relative to the movement of capital toward a capability away from a capability. And as Dan mentioned, there really is no sort of direct correlation between a timeframe as to when a Morningstar rating is X versus Y in terms of an net cash flow. It’s informative for us to have that because it’s very important in the eyes of advisors to continue to evaluate our sort of capabilities, but it doesn’t have a direct correlation as you suggest.
Pat Halter: Yes, it’s really great sort of follow-up too. We’re seeing the fixed income side some real strong interest, particularly right now auto blocks and 2023 and high yield. We’re seeing also a pivot again toward the emerging market debt space and we continue to see private debt, private credit interests from institutional investors. So institutional investors are engaged and fixed income in a very clear, purposeful way right now. And I think we’ll continue to see very long-term trends from institutional investors towards alternative investment classes, including real estate and including the debt capabilities in the private space.
Chris Littlefield: Yes, great. Yes. Thanks for the question, Jimmy. So I think as Dan mentioned, as we've indicated in the past, the fourth quarter is a high outflow quarter for us as plans change a lot. And similarly we see the opposite effect in the first quarter as sales come on. The other thing I'd noticed that when we have institutional large plans flows, those can be volatile and lumpy in a quarter, both on the deposit side and withdrawal side. And we certainly saw that in the fourth quarter with that single low fee large plan, which was about $3 billion in assets, none of which were managed by Principal. So we definitely saw that volatility. I mean, I think as we've talked about it, net cash flow is one lens, but we also look at the underlying fundamentals of the business and how we're doing in earning Principal investment management mandates. And if we look at how we're focused on profitability and driving increased revenues, we have very good trends in earning Principal managed assets throughout 2022 across all segments. We saw significant fewer investment changes out of Principal managed investments in the fourth quarter, and we're seeing significance to assess winning mandates from existing customers who came over from IRT, all of which are very healthy. If we look at our historic strength in SMB for the full year, just looking at SMB flows, net cash flow was over $2 billion for 2022. So also health in that core part of our market. If we look at the fundamentals, I think Dan mentioned recurring deposits where we see healthy recurring deposit trends. The number of participants deferring are up, the number of participants receiving a match are up. The average match dollars are up and the number of participants with account value are all up. So healthy trends there and specifically with respect to the first quarter, again, we do see seasonality. It tends to be a higher inflow quarter for us. We think that trend will continue. We expect to see positive net cash flow due to higher sales and healthy recurring deposit trends in the first quarter. So feel overall good about the overall business.
Chris Littlefield: Well, I mean, I Think the trends are very, very similar. So, we see good growth and momentum in the small-to-mid, and we’re watching for the large and jumbo markets as we head into 2023.
Chris Littlefield: No, I think you captured it well. I mean we certainly are seeing, I think the thing to step back is we do look at RIS as a single business fee and spread together, particularly post IRT and the lines of blurring between fee and spread. And so we get the diversification benefit by managing those businesses together. The resilience of the spread businesses when with really compelling returns and the lift they get from short-term interest rates helps offset the pressure that we see from down equity markets. So, we definitely saw some rising short-term rates in fee. We saw rising rates, we saw growth in our retained business and higher investment yields in spread. And some of the net revenue beat was really largely macro driven, which is really strong equity performance during the quarter. The open to close was up about 7%, which helped drive overall separate account returns. So, I think that’s an explanation for the quarter.
Deanna Strable: Yes. Suneet, what I'd say is we plan to give more color on our 2023 capital deployment at Outlook, but I think you can go back to kind of what we've talked about. We continue to feel that 75% to 85% of net income is a really good free cash flow percentage given our portfolio of businesses and how we think about very high bars relative to organic deployment of capital. We are rolling over a slightly higher excess capital as we go into 2023 and we'll assess whether to deploy that as we go throughout the year as we get more clarity on the economic environment. So that's how I would think about it. But again, we look forward to discussing that more in early March.
Deanna Strable: Yes. That isn't something that we disclose. What I would say is, as you're aware, we have about $9 billion enforce block of VA business. That business has consistently performed very well and contributed to our overall retirement franchise. We've always managed that on a net income basis because we knew there was some differences between the geographies of the fees and where the hedging gains and losses do. As we went through the LDTI process, which we've been working on for many, many years we got a better information that allowed us to split the fees between hedging and non-hedging fees. And even though there's not a consistent treatment of this across the peers, we think this is a better alignment of those fees as well as where those hedging gains and losses go. So again, we like our VA business, it's a key part of our retirement franchise. It's performed well given how we've managed that in a very disciplined approach. And ultimately we continue to think that'll be a part of a contributor to our retirement franchise going forward. You didn't ask it, but I did want to just mention the other impacts of LDTI. Even though the $60 million is what we think is the enterprise impact, we actually do see some other impacts to operating earnings with items such DAC. The reason that we didn't include those is they virtually offset at a enterprise level – very immaterial at an enterprise level. We do expect to see some positive impacts in RIS offset by some negative impacts in individual life. But we plan to give you much more clarity on that when we recast our fourth quarter supplement the night before our Outlook Call in early March.
Deanna Strable: Yes, I think it's important to go back and think about the underlying market conditions that underpinned our $2.5 billion to $3 billion at Outlook. And as we went throughout the year, obviously we saw equity market daily averages be 17% lower than what would've been included in that outlook and as impactful fixed income values were 18% lower. And obviously that range of $2.5 billion to $3 billion didn't contemplate that level of macro pressures as we went through the year. I actually think if you fast forward and look at our full year results, $2.3 billion to – relative to that $2.5 billion to $3 billion range, and the fact that even if you just look at the excess capital in our holdco and our lifeco, which was virtually $300 million at the end of the year. If you would've deployed that and again, going back to Dan's comment, given the volatility and the uncertainty on 2023 we made the decision to be prudent, we would've been at $2.6 billion. So while within that range, despite the macro pressure that we saw through the year and that macro pressure is on those fee businesses that have a higher level of free capital flow. So as we go into 2023 we're going to continue to be prudent. Obviously as we thought about fourth quarter, I'd say our excess capital ended the year slightly higher than what we thought. But there's always timing between when you put your share buyback plans in place and when you see some of that free capital flow actually materialized during the quarter. And as you mentioned, markets were actually throughout the quarter got more positive toward the end. So as we move into 2023 and we'll talk about it more on Outlook Call, we'll continue that. If things go well, there is a path to bringing down that level of excess capital. But our approach to capital deployment and capital management will be consistent with what you've seen throughout 2022.
Deanna Strable: Yes. A couple things I'll put into perspective there, Tracy. The first thing I would say is our balance sheet is different than it was when we went into the pandemic. So, the first thing you'd saw is we did reinsure $20 billion to $25 billion away. And so just on a dollar amount perspective, the credit losses that we would see in the drift impact would be lessened relative to that. I'd also say and point you to our investment portfolio that we gave a highlight of in our slides today. And if you look across that you can continue to see that we have a very high quality balance sheet that is also very well fit with our liabilities that we sit here today. We ended full year 2022 with actually positive impacts of drift and very little net income or capital gains and losses and so a very modest impact. We'll give more color on the dollar amount for 2023. But as we sit here today, we do think it'll go back to more of a normal level thinking that $100 million range but obviously very, very manageable when you think about capital. And we'll continue to make sure we update you on that as we go forward.
Deanna Strable: Yes, just a couple of comments. We do tend to see a little bit better free cash flow towards the end of the year. Some of that is just more due to movement in some of our unregulated businesses, and when we actually dividend up some of that capital. But again, we saw a continuation of just really good trends with all of our businesses really focused on holding the right amount of capital and only deploying capital when we could get the returns that we did. And so again, obviously that the fourth quarter deployment did include that approximately $200 million toward M&A. We had obviously earmarked that coming into the year and then made that we’re very pleased to make that deployment in fourth quarter, but there is some seasonality that makes fourth quarter a little bit higher relative to free cash flow.
Deanna Strable: Yes, I’ll make some comments and then see if Chris has anything to add relative to RIS on lines of business. So first of all, I think it is important to understand that that sensitivity that we give is a trailing 12-month basis that kind of assumes the interest rate happens kind of at the beginning. We see very obviously negative pressure on our fixed income values that impacts our revenue in both RIS and PGI. And you kind of see that continue and then as you start to invest some new money, see some cash yields go up, you’ll see that the benefits start to offset that to then get to a pretty muted overall impact in the trailing 12 months. And so again, you did see that transpire in the fourth quarter. I do think it’s important when you look at our total company net investment income and compare it to last quarter, there’s kind of two dynamics I want to point out. One dynamic is obviously variable investment income was not as negative in the fourth quarter as it was in the third quarter. And then you also, because of equity method accounting for our Brazil joint venture, the strong earnings that we saw in Brazil partially due to inflation, it’s flowing through that line of business as well. So you need to kind of take that part out. And then what you’re getting to is, you are starting to see some impact from the higher interest rates. You’ll see that our new money that we’re investing in is earning a higher rate. We’re also because of increase in treasury rates, you’re going to see that what we’re earning on cash, what we’re earning on escrow and PGI is seeing some benefits from that. I do think it’s important to point out, especially in RIS, is that some of that increase you see in that investment income then gets credited back out to our customers in our BC&S line. And so it doesn’t fall to the bottom line as you think about that, But specifically to the bank and trust business in RIS, I think those are the businesses that are benefiting from those higher levels of interest rates. But I’ll see if Chris has anything to add there.
Deanna Strable: Yes, Alex, that’s exactly what you talked about is, we went through the process of LDTI, it actually allowed us to attribute the fees to how much is coming relative to the hedging cost of those – of how we manage that business and how much of the fees are other fees more relative to the non-hedging aspects of that product. And so again, that dollar amounts that we charge our customers for those hedging costs, we’ll move down below the line. Those are pretty stable quarter-to-quarter and they will then more offset the hedging gains and losses that always have shown up below the line in our realized capital gains and losses. So it’s exactly what you talked about. It had nothing to do with market value adjustments or any of those types of things that also could have arisen out of LDTI really, ours was really just that geography and attributive fees.
Deanna Strable: Yes, a couple things that I’ll say there, we did say in our prepared remarks that we had about $15 [ph] million of severance and restructuring cost in the quarter. We did not identify that as a significant variance, partially because we saw, again as you mentioned, our normal fourth quarter seasonality of expenses did not materialize. And so even with those severance cost in there, our overall fourth quarter expenses actually were very aligned with what we wanted them to be. We have severance in every quarter, but obviously it was a little bit more elevated as we go in we went into the fourth quarter. As I think about 2023, you have a lot of moving parts, right? One moving part is some of our incentive compensation kind of resets and ultimately that could have an increase in some of our expenses as we go into 2023. But having said that, we’re going to continue to focus on all of our expense experts across the enterprise. You have highlighted kind of the alignment with revenue given macro, but as you’re also aware, we continue to make very good progress on the realization of our synergies in the RIS business as well as trying to manage through the stranded costs that came out of us exiting our retail fixed annuity and our ULSG lines of business. On both of those, we’re actually in line to slightly ahead of where we thought we would be at this point. And then we again have added in the efforts to also make sure, we’re aligning with the macro pressures while continuing to make the right investments to drive long-term growth. And so, it’s really hard to say where macro’s going to be as we go in. We’ve obviously had a really good start to January. I think all we know is that we think there’ll be continued volatility and we’re going to continue to do what we’ve done in any period of volatility and pressure is to make sure we align that expenses with revenue. Whereas if you look at both fourth quarter and full year, you can see our change in comp and other is very aligned with our change in net revenue, which I think is testament to that alignment.
