Larry Donald Zimpleman: Chris, this is Larry. I appreciate your comment. Actually, a couple of things about that. First of all, of course we've continued -- as we did on Investor Day, we continue to reiterate, if you will, our guidance, but our view that our EPS growth over the long term should remain at 11% to 13% range. So I would sort of start with that. Second thing I would say is that we actually believe that what we are planning to do and sort of have been doing but plan to do in our call on November 27 with providing you better insight on revenue growth and margin expectations, is actually going to allow you to do a better job of sort of forecasting what the earnings and growth rate in earnings is going to be for each of the businesses. So I'd argue it's actually more valuable to sort of get slightly more granular and get down to the business level, rather than just having us throw sort of one macro number out there that would be an overall company EPS, because I think it's really more important and helpful to understand the trends within each business. And so that's why we've gone to this approach.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes. Christ, this is Larry. I'll turn it over to Terry for the return comment. I just want to make a quick comment on sort of how we think about that from an overall capacity and capital usage, et cetera. First of all, we've been in this business for 70 years. So this is a business that we know extremely well. Of course it's a business that has been fairly dormant up until lately because it tends to be inversely correlated to interest rates. So when interest rates are low, there tends to be not a lot of that business written. We may be in a period of that starting to change a little bit. Our focus for the business is, for the most part, going to be on smaller placements where we can get the kind of returns that Terry is going to talk about in a second. I would say the third quarter sale, $525 million, was a little bit unusual for us, and you probably wouldn't see us write much more than about $1 billion a year of that kind of business. So I hope that kind of helps frame it, and I'll let Terry talk about returns.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: I would just add a couple of comments, Joanne. I think this was now the 10th straight quarter we've seen an increase in the salary deferral rate. So we're now seeing salary deferrals that are getting into the very, very high 6%, almost 7% range. So that's going to be key. One of the real opportunities, I think, for us going forward is sort of the activity that we call retirement readiness, where I really think that the American workers now recognize, if they didn't understand it before, they recognize that it's on their shoulders to make sure that they're doing the right things to save for retirement. So for somebody that's as big a player as we are on 401(k) and has the local footprint to actually be in the worksite driving higher deferrals, driving higher participation, this is going to be a big advantage for us. So hopefully, what you're going to see is you're going to see that recurring deposit number continue to build. And a lot of that again is going to be based on the reality that I think people now understand they've got to secure their own retirement.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Okay, Randy, this is Larry. I'll make a few comments on that. Obviously, the $2.1 billion that we've deployed or we've [ph] spoken for in 2012, we of course hadn't planned necessarily on having Cuprum, which is essentially $1.5 billion of that. And as you know, we plan to use about $400 million of excess capital in order to help finance that acquisition. So I think that our capital budget, if you will, is pretty well sort of spent when you take account of the announcement we made last night around the $0.21 share dividend. And I think it's important to sort of reiterate that $0.21 share because again, I believe that board decisions and management decisions around common stock dividends is the best single indicator you have about the strength of the businesses going forward. So going into 2013, again, I think that we need to slightly rebuild our excess capital levels, given that we'll use about $400 million for Cuprum. So we'll need to sort of build that back, which again we're roughly thinking is going to take us probably 2 quarters. So that's why we're sort of thinking, and we'll provide more insight at the November 27 call, we're probably thinking about being an opportunity to have greater amounts of capital to deploy to shareholders, probably in the back half in the continuation of the common stock dividend, and maybe a little bit of share repurchase to offset dilution. On savings and loan holding company, again, I would reiterate that -- as we have said before, I think our conversations continue to be constructive. If you think about the stress test that we all hear about and read about, if you think about the new supposed requirements, which are still very much in proposed stage, those are really things, Randy, that are going to be 2014 and 2015 events. So it's not going to have -- none of that should have a significant impact on our capital management strategy for 2013. Obviously, moving into 2013, one of the most important priorities we're going to have is to ultimately figure out a reconciliation for the savings on holding company and the fed and what impact, if any, it's going to have on our capital deployment strategy. So you'll hear us say more about that I think as we get into 2013. But again, at this point, it's really had no impact on us. And so we're actually very pleased with the relationship, and we're going to continue on work on that going forward.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, as it was in the proposed stage, Randy, and again I know you're very familiar with this, but as it was in the proposed stage, I would say there were 2 things in there that were, I would say, question marks. I wouldn't say they were problematic. I just say they're question marks. One had to do with how they treat AOCI, accumulated other comprehensive income, and how they look at that from a standpoint of capital as AOCI goes up and down. The other one, which I think again reflects sort of bank-centric versus insurance-centric, has to do with separate accounts and the extent to which there are requirements for capital in separate accounts. In the insurance world, for the most part, separate accounts or fee-based businesses wouldn't require much, if any, capital against them. And that's certainly true for essentially all, not 100%, but for most of our separate accounts. So assuming we can get some reasonable resolution in those 2 areas, then I think they will have a set of requirements that could work for more insurance-centric organizations like Principal.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, Steve. What I would say is that the mutual fund industry in India -- with all due respect to Indian regulators, the mutual fund industry in India has been upside down for about 2 years now because the regulators, roughly 2 years ago, said that there would -- they would not allow any sort of front-end commissions in the mutual fund industry. And so the mutual fund sales, surprise, went down by about 90% overnight. So I think that the industry has been sort of searching for, if you will, an alternate strategy for how to drive mutual fund sales. And so we've done a lot of research, actual field research, that would seem to indicate that there is a subsegment of employers in India who sort of get it, that their employees are not going to be adequately prepared for retirement. There really is no particular system over there. There's no private system. There's really no public system. And so this is going to be an emerging area of concern, I think, for employers in India and employees in India. So our approach is to use the branding that we have as a global retirement leader to dialogue both with advisors as well as with some of the more global employers in India to try to educate them and ultimately convince them that by putting in place a sort of payroll deduction mutual fund platform, they can provide a valuable service to their employees and sort of help them begin to accumulate assets for retirement. So we're not sitting around anymore, kind of waiting for the regulators to ultimately put in place a more rational system. We think that the demand is already there, as evidenced through our research, and so we're going to go after it. And actually, we're pretty optimistic. It's going to take a while. It's not going to contribute a lot in the next year or 1.5 years, but it could make us a leader in a very big market over time.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, it's just whatever the normal tax advantages would be relative to mutual funds. So mutual funds do enjoy some tax advantages, but there's nothing special, Steven, related to this particular platform. Again, think about it more like payroll deduct mutual funds.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, those are -- there's a lot baked into there, Jimmy, so I'll try to do my best. But the first thing I would say, of course, is that that 6% to 8% doesn't really -- which again is an OE growth rate, not an EPS growth rate. Again, I know -- I think you were clear on that. So the 6% to 8% OE growth rate doesn't really take account of the Cuprum acquisition. Okay? So that was -- we mentioned the 6% to 8% at Investor Day, which was prior to when we had announced the Cuprum acquisition. So what's actually going to happen, assuming again we get a close sometime in the first quarter, is that we are going to get a bump. We're going to get a bump in OE, we're going to get a bump in ROE, and we're going to get a bump in EPS from Cuprum. So I think what the reality is, is that we'll have to kind of reset everything for all of you once we get sort of -- we get that deal closed, we get that deal integrated. We'll kind of have to reset all of it. I do think that your comments, generally speaking, about where is the delta for the 4%, the difference between 6% to 8% and 10% to 12%, where is that delta coming from, it is coming more from interest rates than it is coming from fee pressure. And we're not necessarily assuming the fee pressure goes away. I think, as you indicated, it's probably more reasonable to assume that it stays at about the level it is today. But as Dan commented earlier, really, our focus is going to be to try to drive -- change kind of the mix of business. So volume of sales will be the same. It'll grow. But the mix of business will be a little bit more towards the smaller and medium size. Or quite frankly, we can drive more proprietary assets. So again, interest rates are going to continue to be a headwind. Cuprum is going to help us. And I think by the time we get done -- we remain very confident in that 11% to 13% EPS as a growth rate over time. And maybe in the near term, it's going to come a little bit more from OE growth, a little less from share repurchase. And then when we get into the back half of '13 and '14, it'll be more normal -- a combination of OE growth and share repurchase. That's probably more than you wanted, but I hope that helps.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Yes, the good news -- I'll have Luis make some comments, Sean. The good news was, as we said in the comments at the start of the call, we actually had positive net cash flow in every Principal International operating company. So as a general comment, we've actually seen better sales and flows out of the Asian companies, along with continued strong flows in LatAm. But I'll let Luis give you a little more insight.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: This is Larry, Suneet. I'm not aware of -- well, first of all, we haven't received any feedback on that. And the fact that I commented on AOCI and that I commented on guaranteed separate accounts is because I do think those are the 2 biggest levels. I don't remember exactly, I think that letter, Suneet, was like a 20-some page letter. So obviously, there's other stuff in there besides those 2. But I think those are really the 2 that I wanted to focus on.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Sure. Sure, Suneet. This is Larry. So I mean, again, let's think about, if we just look sort of quarter-over-quarter and again stripping out the impact of the DAC, as you can see from our slides, our view is that our EPS is up 10% sort of quarter-over-quarter. Our view of the year, again setting aside for a moment the DAC noise, is that we'll be very much in the range of that 11% to 13% growth in EPS, 2012 over 2011. I would argue, in a year that continues to have all the sort of economic challenges and all the market challenges that we all know are out there, for us to be able to grow our EPS at 11% to 13% over 2011. And 2011 was a very good year for us and would indicate that we do have momentum, we do have strength and we do have growth both in earnings and in EPS for our businesses. There again remain this number of headwinds around FX, around low interest rates and other things and, in the absence of that, of course you would see even stronger performance, both on an OE and EPS basis. Beyond that, what I'd say is we want to balance out -- we're taking a very long term strategic approach here, Suneet. And so what we want to do is we want to balance out, we want to make sure we're meeting our long-term EPS goals. We do not want to disappoint investors. And I would argue, with our 11% to 13% EPS growth rate, we're right on track with everything that we've said to investors. And in addition to that, I think we're making some very important, very significant long term strategic investments that are going to have dividends -- that are going to pay dividends and create value for shareholders over the longer term. I've been -- this is now my 41st year in the organization. I've never seen us do the kind of strategic acquisitions, 6 of them in total, that we've been able to do since the financial crisis. And so as I said earlier, we're definitely going to take advantage of that. And if that means that we come off of OE growth rate a little bit or we come off a share repurchase, because we'd rather invest to buy premium properties like Cuprum or we'd rather buy great, emerging market managers like Origin and Finisterre, this management team and this board believes that's the right thing to do. And we'll see what happens over the next 2, 3, 4 years. But I'm absolutely convinced that companies that create the long-term value are companies that both focus on OE growth but also invest for the future. And so that's what we're going to continue to do.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Ryan, this is Larry. I think the short answer to that is yes. But just to be sort of clear -- I was having actually a little bit of trouble hearing you, and so just to see if -- make sure that I'm clear here, what -- first of all, I'd say the rating agencies all responded in exactly the fashion that we would have expected as it relates to the Cuprum transaction. And so you would expect that they would go to a negative outlook pending the -- being able to see in 4 or 6 or 8 quarters kind of how the integration and the earnings flow from the Cuprum business. So I think they reacted in an absolutely proper way. We had great conversations with them. I think they get it strategically. And now it's a question of we'll have to demonstrate the earnings growth coming out of that. So again, I would expect that, that negative outlook will get reversed. In terms of the financing plan, the market remains very open, certainly open for companies like Principal that are perceived as very solid companies with a good balance sheet. And when we did our $600-million debt offering, we had -- that was oversubscribed by a significant amount, let's say 8X to 10X. So there is a lot of interest and appetite in our name. And so I don't think -- we don't expect at this point, we don't expect any issues in completing the financing here in the very near future.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: No. They're well aware of our plan, and we're proceeding right down the path and having -- continuing good conversations. Don't expect any issues there.
Larry Donald Zimpleman: Well, thanks again to everybody for joining us for the call. Let me just close by reminding you of what John mentioned in the opening, which is our November 27 call where we'll discuss our outlook for our main business drivers going into 2013. Despite the headwinds, we continue to see strong momentum across our businesses, and our fundamentals remain solid. And our focus will be to stay with our investment management strategy and grow those fee-based businesses that gives us greater financial flexibility and the ability to create long-term value for shareholders through capital deployment. So thanks again to everybody for listening. Hope you have a great day.
Daniel J. Houston: So a couple of comments. The good news about the third quarter is the sales were actually split very nicely across what we think of is the emerging market, which is less than $5 million. And then we have what we call dynamic, which is kind of that $5 million to $50 million. And then what we call institutional is greater than $50 million. We really have had and enjoyed good traction and growth in all 3 of those segments, which is a very deliberate strategy for a variety of different reasons. It certainly helps us improve some of the return on asset metrics. It also helps drive our net revenue, growth rates, which you saw expressed in the third quarter results. On the smaller-sized plans, we generally can get a larger percentage of the assets and proprietary investment options. And with Jim's investment performance as of late, we've been able to drive more of those assets into our proprietary options. And the good news there is it's not just the fixed income options, it's equities, it's asset allocation. So it's across the board. TRS continues to be the best solution that we have out there. It still captures about 60% of the business. The TPA strategy, and we've talked about it on this call on many occasions, continues to grow, administering a lot of those smaller plans. And again, we've reiterated, I've reiterated again today, we think the TPA business is just as profitable as the others. So hopefully that helps give you a flavor for the market today.
Daniel J. Houston: It's across the board. So that 9% increase that was thrown out during the prepared comments is across all of those segments, small, medium as well as large. There's still plenty of growth for improving on deferral percentages and improving in participation and certainly, contributions through increased salary deferrals and bonuses. And frankly, if you're trying to calibrate it, we're probably half way back from the high-water mark of '07 in terms of those recurring deposits.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes. So just breaking down cost for just a second. Think about it being in 3 buckets. And again, some of those are account value-based. So commissions are based on account value, and so commission costs generally rise at the same rate as your account values. The asset management fees also follow that similar pattern, and so you have some higher cost there. The third bucket, which is comp and other, and that's where we've been quite careful in managing those expenses. And that's where we're going to get some of that additional margin expansion hopefully as we grow these assets. But you're right, Joanne, in the assumption that whether it's a profit [ph] contribution, increase in deferrals, increase in participation, a lot of that does fall to the bottom line. And we look forward to having that return.
Daniel J. Houston: So pipeline still remains quite strong for the fourth quarter and for 2013. In the prepared comments, we mentioned a 30% growth for -- a projection for all of 2012, which I think you would agree is very strong. As we look at 2013, we would probably see something more in the lines of a single-digit growth rate, mid-single digit and a mix of that business being different. We're going to put more time and energy and resources across the small- to medium-sized market segment and again, manage that accordingly. But we feel very good about the pipeline, feel very good about 2013.
Daniel J. Houston: Yes, good to hear from you, Eric. I think we would have to be careful and frank with the words I choose from time to time, because I've tried to stress that we balance it across the board, small, medium and large. And if you looked at large year-to-date, those over $50 million, it's about half those flows. And maybe it ought to be 60%, 40%. 60% on small to mid and 40% on large. So it's not in anyway trying to pull back but to effectively make a bigger investment, especially now that we have our TPA solution in place. It's working for us well. We have good, solid proprietary investment options. So I would say it's reinvigorating our focus on small- to mid-sized plans, also recognizing we added that ESOP capability. And it works really well. But as you know, it's very dilutive to the ROE measures. So we think the best way to go about rewarding shareholders is to see if we can't grow the return on net revenue and grow those net revenue fees for the small- to medium-size business. In terms of how -- what else are we doing here, Eric, it's around deploying our technology. We've got some pretty exciting stuff. We're using our presentations to advisors on the iPad. We are doing a lot online with our -- both our planned sponsors as well as our planned participants, and we'll look for continued efficiencies. But we've never abandoned that market. We think it's a great market. The one that you probably are -- the one I get concerned about is the, say, under 20 employees. Lots of turnover in that group. And again, that's very expensive business to have on the books for a short period of time and have it lapse. Hopefully that helps.
Daniel J. Houston: So a good question to end on, Eric. In large part, it's because we've built that retirement investment services capability that allows us to go out and hire complementary managers to what we're doing at PGI, something we refer to as the foundation option. Small- to medium-size businesses advisors in many instances have the resources to do a good evaluation of the performance of managers. So our ability to combine that management capability among multi-manager, multi-style, multi-asset class yields a higher benefit to small- to medium-size employers than it might to the very largest employers where they could very well outsource that to a third party.
