Steve Cahillane: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Two quarters ago, we became Kellanova, with a more focused and growth-oriented portfolio, a refreshed strategy, more ambitious financial targets and the continued commitment to deliver long-term value for our share-owners. I'm proud to say that we have continued to deliver solid results even amidst challenging macro and industry conditions. Our first quarter was a very strong start to 2024 with better sales growth, profit margins and cash flow than we had projected, and it was another quarter of on-algorithm performance year-on-year; in fact, at the upper end of our algorithm ranges. We are encouraged by the early signs of headway we are making in the marketplace, including here in the United States, and we continue to deliver strong organic growth in emerging markets. Put it all together, and you can see why we are able to reaffirm our 2024 guidance today and with an increased level of confidence. But before we dive into the details of our financials and regional performance, let me remind you of a few important drivers of this performance. First is our strategy: differentiate, drive and deliver, shown on Slide 6. Each and every element of this strategy is being addressed and executed, both to deliver our near-term commitments, but also to build for a strong future. The strategy clearly has us further differentiating ourselves as a company driving the actions that deliver share-owner value. Then, of course, there is our global footprint. Another area of differentiation for Kellanova depicted on Slide 7. Our heavy international presence adds diversification and growth, both of which were once again on display in the latest quarter. And this footprint, with its growth orientation and diversification, will remain a key differentiator for years to come. All of this is driving differentiated results. Slide 8 shows how our organic net sales growth has remained above our peer group median. Recently, we have benefited in part from our ability to raise prices significantly in markets where the currency has devalued sharply of late, but it is differentiated growth, differentiated from our peers and differentiated from our past, and it does reflect the benefits of our sharpened strategy and our more growth-oriented portfolio. Our portfolio is not only more growth-oriented today, but it is also more profitable. Slide 9 shows how our post-spin companies' margins are higher than we were as Kellogg Company even before the pandemic. So as stated on Slide 10, we are again reaffirming our full year guidance, and we are doing so with increased confidence. This increased confidence comes from the over-delivery of our first quarter. It also stems from the fact that our return to full commercial activity is gaining traction, resulting in sequential improvement in key end market metrics. A good example is the U.S., where we saw consumption volume and sales improve their trends in March and into April. Meanwhile, category-level elasticities are starting to moderate, which further supports our expectations for stabilizing volumes. We continue to invest in our emerging markets businesses, an important source of our differentiated long-term growth and we are in the process of adding capacity for our biggest brand, Pringles, in these emerging markets. We continue to restore and expand margins, progressing ahead of our plan in this area. And finally, we continue to enhance our financial flexibility through increased free cash flow and a deleveraged balance sheet. Meanwhile, we also continue to focus on growing the right way and Slide 11 provides just a few examples of our better days promise in action during the first quarter. As always, we had a heavy focus on addressing food insecurity worldwide. But we also know that doing the right thing is good for business. And during the first quarter, we again partnered with customers and leveraged our brands as we supported the communities we serve. We also continue to be recognized for our good work. So now let me turn it over to Amit, who will walk you through our financials before I come back and discuss each of our businesses in more detail.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, thanks for the question, Ken. We don't really see the same thing that you're talking about in terms of private label. It's been a little bumpy, to be honest with you. And if you look back to, say, 2019 all the way through this year, there's no meaningful moves in private label in the categories that you mentioned. And if you look at PWS, portable wholesome snacks, there might be a little bit more movement there. But I think it's really a story of not much to see there when you take all the noise out, because you do have private label last year spring a little bit more due to supply disruptions, bottleneck shortages. So there's some of that's just coming back to where it was. I think equally, there is in the non-measured channels, as you said, growing faster, so you can't always look at the syndicated data as a complete proxy for our own top line performance because of that growth. And the growth in away-from-home channels as well, which has been very good. So I think not to be - I hope you don't take that as a dismissive comment, but I think it's not as much to see as you might really think, as you really analyze the fulsomeness of the data.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, we do Ken. And you hit it right on the head, the lower-income consumers, as you know and have seen are under a lot more pressure than the balance of the consumers, and that continues where probably as we get into the back half of the year going to be past the worst of that because of the Snap benefits, because of the restoration of having to pay student loans, because of the improving economic environment overall from an employment standpoint and from a wage standpoint. I think we've seen the last of it. So we always forecast elasticities, to be the most challenging in the first half of the year, and to improve in the back half of the year. For us, we're actually seeing a better performance than that. So, if you look at the syndicated data, again, I dismissed it on one hand, but not entirely. You can see that our performance is improving. We're getting back to full merchandising activity, which we had said, so we're moving from really telling everybody what we're going to do to showing what we're doing, and you actually see that in our improvement. So, we feel much more confident in our volume performance. I'm speaking about North America now, even into the second quarter. And certainly, that - we see that continuing into the back half of the year. So overall category, I think, back half of the year improvement for us even sooner than that.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. I think you're clearly seeing value-seeking behavior. And discretionary income, the consumers under the most pressure from a discretionary income standpoint are eating out less. I think that's clear. And they are returning to the at-home channels, but they're still seeking value even among that. So you see growth in different channels that better cater or really focus against the value-seeking consumer. You continue to see lower packs - seeking price points. And so, we're trying more and more not to vacate those very attractive price points. But yes, that's exactly what we're seeing. And as I said in the earlier comment, I think in the back half of the year, that pressure will start to abate.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. I think Alexia, it really comes down to the simple fact. It's only the first quarter. So there's always uncertainty with three quarters to remain. But it really gives us the very strong confidence that we're going to deliver a very good year. And what I mean by that is it allows us to really think about the best levels of reinvestment that we can do. And I'll give you some examples of that route to market in Latin America and EMEA continues to be really exciting for us. We're going to invest a little bit more in route to market, everything around digital transformation and artificial intelligence allows us, to lean in more than we had planned, and we were already leading in this year in our plans. We can lean in even more on that. And then brand, especially brand building. I'll give you a real-life example of that. I talked about the Pop-Tarts movie. It really is an exceptional movie. And when a comedic genius and icon like Jerry Seinfeld, makes a movie about - full feature length movie about your product, with a star-studded cast, that gives you an opportunity, we didn't know about it, and we're leaning into it. We've got displays going up all over the place. We've got a special pack with Jerry's picture on it, and we've got a 90-second video shot, by Jerry that's airing right now. None of that was in the budget, and we were able to lean in, in a meaningful way to really accelerate the Pop-Tarts momentum. So, we're in that type of position right now. So, there's nothing looming on the horizon that's scaring us. It just allows us to really set up the year for an exceptional performance.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So we like the health of our balance sheet without a doubt. Our net debt continues to go down. Our leverage ratios continue to go down. So, we have the capacity to do something if it creates share-owner value. And we're always on the lookout for anything that does create share-owner value. So you're right, Snacks is - we talk about being a snacking led powerhouse. 50% of our business is outside the U.S. So, we could do something domestically for outside. We're not really looking to change to proactively change, to be more international or more domestic. We would look at the absolute best deal out there. And we have the capacity to do it. Equally, we're very excited about organic opportunities, which I just mentioned Pop-Tarts, but Cheez-It internationally continues to be a priority for us. Adding Pringles capacity is very much a part of our capital plan this year, building two new factories, one in Latin America, another one in Asia. So, we've got good uses for our capital with high ROIs, but M&A could factor into that as well.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Andrew, I think that's exactly right. We talked, I think, in the last quarter and probably the last two quarters about those very reference price points and talking about the consumer will walk by four or five trips, and not just be able to accept that new reference price point. So, I think we're there or thereabout, probably the seventh or eighth inning, if you like. At the same time, companies like us continue to also work RGM initiatives, and it's not shrink-inflation. It's making sure that you can hold your margin and hit a price point, and sometimes that means a smaller size. And so, I think the combination of all of those things working together leads us to believe that the second half of the year, is going to be the inflection [ph] point for the consumer. And for us, as I said, I think we get there even faster than that, because of what we're lapping, because we admittedly came back to merchandising activity perhaps later than we otherwise would have, knowing what we know today. But the fact of the matter is we are there now. We are merchandising more effectively. We've got more quality displays. We like our price points. We do like our price points and where they are with consumers. And so, we see all that leading to a better back half of the year, although still not without pressure. So I don't want to be pollyannish about it. The consumer is still under a good bit of pressure, but I do think that there is brightness on the horizon.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So I think if you step back and look at everything, I don't think that there has been volume destruction, right? If there is a caloric reduction in the population, it is quite minimal. And a couple of quarters ago, everybody wanted to talk about the GLP-1 drugs. I think that's faded as well. So if you start with the premise that more or less the caloric state remains the same, then the volume goes somewhere. And I think those with the best full commercial activation, with brands that matter to consumers are going to be the ultimate winners. And that's why we're excited about where we are in terms of our ability to reinvest, and continue to step up our investment against the consumer and against household penetration. And making sure that we're delighting our consumers all along the way, because we think the volume potential is still very real, and hasn't had any full diminishment, if you like.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. I think it's interesting, because you all on this call and we and all of our peers have been in search of where that volume is, right? And there's been a lot of hypotheses. And I think the fact is it's probably a lot of things that are hard to measure. One is managing the household pantry, less leftovers, more creativity. I think all those things have been coming into play, but they're now -- if you think about it, they're in the base, right? You can only work that pantry so long, the pantry is not an infinite supply of stuff in the corners, so that's been worked. But I think this new consumer behavior around less food waste and more - making sure that leftovers are really used is probably consumer behavior as far as we can tell, that will remain. But again, it's in the base. And so, I think there's a normal, if you like. Now as the economy improves, if it does improve, if discretionary income keeps growing faster than inflation, you'll likely see a return to kind of the pre-inflationary times as people become a little bit more comfortable. I think that would be a natural outcome. But right now, I think we see the continuation of that behavior, recognizing that it's in the base.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, David, I think if you look at what's happened in the last 18 months, two years, been too much price and not enough volume for obvious reasons. And now we're seeing the - we're starting to see the reversal of that in North America. And as I mentioned several times on the call now, we're seeing a better volume performance. You can see that in the latest published data. We're seeing a gradual recovery in that. And we are very confident in the back half of the year based on what we see in - right now in terms of our volume performance. So, we like the balance that we see returning to our business, and we have a lot of optimism that, that's going to continue.
Steve Cahillane: I would just - I don't want to go too deep into individual regions and volume price/mix beyond what we said, and that is, it's getting a lot better. The volume performance continues to get a lot better. For us, the return to full merchandising activity, which we mentioned several times, is the real driver of that volume recovery. And we like what we see in terms of that balance. We like what we're seeing with the reinvestments in our brands. We like what we're seeing in terms of our share improvements in the marketplace, all those things combining to give us the confidence that we've been talking about.
Steve Cahillane: David, I would just say I wouldn't say that our supply chain was disadvantaged in the past. What we did say is we were perhaps more conservative than others in wanting to keep our supply fill rates at a very high level and therefore, did not return to full merchandising commercial activation as some of our peers did. Our supply chain right now is performing at a very high level, like think about pre-pandemic high watermarks in terms of on-time in full. So that's where we are, and that's why we have the confidence. In terms of productivity, we're back to the type of productivity initiatives that we were pre-pandemic as well. So that's been very, very positive. We announced worldwide a couple of productivity initiatives that we talked about last quarter that are proceeding very, very well. And so, we like where our supply chain is in North America, and we like where our supply chain is globally.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So we are excited about the Cheez-It and their international prospects. We've got Cheez-It now in Canada, Mexico, Brazil. We're applying those learnings to the launch in Europe later this year, particularly in the U.K. And the U.K. team is very excited about it. The initial research on product and on positioning is very strong. And so this is not anything that's going to really affect your models per se, because we're taking it in a very pragmatic way market-by-market, continuing to build the playbook. So each next month is more successful than the one that came for it. And so '24, will be the European launch. And then later in '24, we'll talk about additional markets for '25, and beyond.
Amit Banati: Yes. Yes. I think you've got that right. I think the TSA reimbursement was around $45 million, and that split between gross profit and SG&A is about right.
Amit Banati: I think nevertheless, even if - yes, I think even if you exclude that, we saw strong double-digit growth in our operating profit. You saw our gross margin even if you exclude the TSA, as well as the ForEx impact, our gross margins were up 190 basis points in the quarter. I think from a go-forward standpoint, we'd expect TSAs to continue, to be in that range, but starting to ratchet down in quarter two. As I've mentioned previously, we are transitioning the distribution centers into WKKC. So that process is underway. It's going really well. Service levels are high as we are doing the transition. So as that transition happens through the course of 2024, you'll see some of the TSA costs move directly, to WKKC. And so, that will start ratcheting down through the year. And of course, in quarter four, you'll anniversary that. So that's what's built into the guidance.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think very strong performance in our North America business this quarter, so very pleased with that. I think it's all the factors that you mentioned. So it's the benefit of the revenue growth actions that, we took last year. It's a moderating cost environment. So, we're seeing that play out. I think this quarter, the supply chain performed well. And from a lapping standpoint, this was the biggest lap from the shortages and bottlenecks. So, those were kind of some of the drivers. We continue to expect to see strong profit performance, both gross and operating through the year, probably not at the pace in - we saw in quarter one, because we're lapping bulk of the shortages and bottlenecks, we lap that was predominantly in quarter one. And then some of the mechanical elements like the currency impact was most pronounced in quarter one. That will probably moderate in the rest of the year. I mentioned earlier that we lap - or we anniversary, the TSA reimbursements in quarter four. So, we'd expect continued good performance through the year, but not as pronounced as we saw in quarter one.
Amit Banati: I'd say broadly in line with what we do. So no major changes. I think it's coming slightly better than expected. Currency in Nigeria is obviously devalued more than we thought, and the teams there are pricing to recover that. So some changes, but overall, broadly, I'd say, in line with our - in line with the long-term algo that we had guided to.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think, Andrew, it was a headwind. But like I said, I think the improved supply chain performance more than offset that. So while the volume line was a bit of a headwind. By far, the biggest driver was the lapping of the improved supply chain performance, the improved service levels. And so, I think that's kind of more than offset that. And of course, we'd expect the volume leverage to start improving as the volume trends start improving, in the latter part of the year. The benefit of the lapping of the bottlenecks will moderate, some volume leverage would pick up. So that's kind of the shape of the year.
Amit Banati: I think it's largely behind us. And so yes - but overall, we're seeing good momentum in our LATAM business, both in Mexico as well as in Brazil.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think, Steve, there are a number of things playing through in the margin, right? And like I mentioned earlier, right, we're confident that our gross margins will be more than 35%. Within that, there are a number of moving parts. Obviously, inflation, which we set and continue, the guide continues to be neutral-ish across a number of cost elements. So that's playing through the improved performance of the supply chain, is a tailwind this year. I think from a price standpoint, the price/mix is obviously moderating. So I think it's a combination of those factors. Now we should start seeing some volume leverage as the volume trends improve. But all of that kind of factors into the - to our expectation that we continue to see gross margin expansion, not at the rate we saw in quarter 1, but we'd expect that the gross margins will continue to be - continue to improve and be north of 35% for the year.
