John A. Bryant: Thanks, Simon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We are pleased to announce first quarter results that were broadly in line with our expectations. Operating profit was in line with guidance and earnings per share were ahead of guidance. Our sales growth was lower than expected, primarily due to ongoing weakness in our large developed cereal businesses. However, we continue to see strong results from Pringles and we are building momentum in our U.S. Snacks business. Project K, our 4-year efficiency and effectiveness program continues to go well. You will have seen some of the announcements we made during the quarter and we are on track to hit our targets for the project in 2014. The execution by the team has been very good and we're pleased with the progress we've made so far. And we're reaffirming our guidance for the full year, while recognizing the impact of the difficult operating environment in some of our categories. As you'll remember, we were always expecting improved results in the second half of the year as we haven't begun the brand-building investment tied to Project K yet. In 2014, this will include investment in category building activities in developed markets around the world and also in additional in-store capabilities in our U.S. Snacks business. This investment will begin in the second quarter and will build over time, as will the benefits. Ron will give you some more color on our guidance in a few minutes. And now if you'll turn to Slide 4, we'll spend a couple of minutes discussing our progress on Project K. The project remains on track and we continue to execute well. Last quarter, we updated you on some of the announcements we've made so far. As you know, we've announced plans to close or reduce capacity at various facilities in developed markets. In addition, we've also announced increased supply chain capacity investment in a number of emerging markets. Since then, we've announced progress with the implementation of global business services. We've announced plans to implement a 3-tiered model, which will include local, regional and global services. As part of this, in the third quarter, we plan to open the first regional center, which will support North America. GBS is an important part of Project K and is a major undertaking for the organization. And Project K itself will drive significant changes. It will allow us to build key capabilities, create the supply chain we need to service our global business as it evolves and generate the savings necessary to improve results and drive future growth. Some of these decisions are very difficult ones to make but they are necessary to drive long-term growth. Now, I'll turn it over to Ron for a discussion of our financial results.
John A. Bryant: Andrew, I think the thing to keep in mind in what we're doing here with the Kellogg parent brand, is that we are providing additional investment to the portfolio. So the money coming in to support the parent brand is actually additional money that we've been spending on cereal. So all of the brand-specific programs are still in place. So if we were moving a tremendous amount of money from brand-specific activities to category level activities, I think that would be a risky move. This is more, as we invest back into the business, we're investing back in a way that we believe will have the greatest impact. When we look at what's happening in cereal today, there's really 2 elements if you look at our business. One is around category relevance, the category down around 4% to 5%, and then there's some Kellogg-specific issues that we have. As we look at that category relevance work, look what's happening within the occasion, the breakfast occasion is actually growing, household penetration is high for cereal, but the issue is that consumers are seeking protein and they're not taking into account that milk and cereal is a great source of protein because of the milk and often, some of the cereal, some of the grains also have a good amount of protein in them as well. So we really, with this parent brand, rather than moving money from the sub-brands up to the parent brand, we're activating it with new investment money, we're talking about the benefits of protein that comes from cereal and milk, which is very much on track with the customer today and it's also very much aligned with what the milk board is talking about as well. So I think there's an opportunity here for additional synergies as we look across all the activities that are happening in the marketplace.
John A. Bryant: Okay. Well, if we look at the cereal, entire cereal aisle is not changing all that much in terms of size. I think within our business, we've got a couple businesses that have struggled a little bit of late and we have lost a little bit of distribution in. So the one business I guess I'd point to that has been impacted by that has been Kashi. Kashi remains an incredibly strong brand, it's actually one of the largest brands in the natural organic space. And what we're doing there is we're bringing out new food that's more in line with the progressive nutrition that people are looking for from brands like Kashi. And so you're seeing GMO-free type SKUs come into the market now, as well as longer term, some innovation to ensure that we are in the area of pioneering health. So as you look at our complete points of distribution across the cereal aisle, it's come down a little bit, not dramatically and we have an expectation that we can continue to grow our distribution over time.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Bryan. If you look at our business in Mexico, most of our portfolio actually fell underneath the impact of that tax, so we didn't see a lot of switching within our portfolio and that's true also at a broad category level. We did see an impact from the tax, obviously, and that impact was exactly in line with what we expected. To your question, we also did take a price increase at the same time, so the impact only was slightly higher than just the tax in isolation. As we look at Latin America as a reporting segment, we do expect it to return to growth in the second quarter. We do expect seeing the elasticities moderate over time as consumers get used to that pricing impact. The other thing that is impacting our Latin American business a little bit in the first quarter is actually Venezuela. Venezuela sales are actually down in Q1. That's in part because we were unable to fully ship in P3, but we were able to ship in P4. And so we had some catch up shipments occur in P4. So there's a little bit of a Q1, Q2 shipped occurring there as well. We actually feel good about the Mexican business. We feel like it is tracking right where we expect it to, given the tax impact and the price increase. And in fact, in the marketplace, as I said in the prepared remarks, even gaining some share in the wholesome snacks area.
John A. Bryant: Yes, absolutely, Bryan. We, in the prepared remarks commented that there'd be additional brand building across Q2 and Q3 in Latin America and that will certainly also be the case in Mexico.
John A. Bryant: As we look at the category building programs, there's actually 3 or 4 different executions within that program. One of those executions is reminding consumers of the benefit of protein that comes with cereal and milk. And we believe that absolutely resonates with consumers. It's actually a surprise to consumers that when you look at the protein that's in, say, a bowl of Mini-Wheats and milk, that's there's as much protein there as in many yogurts. So that is a positive surprise to people, so an opportunity to reappraise and reconsider cereal and milk. That's not the only activation, though. As you pointed out, there is a little bit of a trend against milk out there and so we also activate programs with the soymilk suppliers and so on and other alternatively ways with which people consume cereal. And rather than think about cereal going up against yogurt, it's also worth remembering that cereal is actually a complement to yogurt and that a lot of people add cereal to their yogurt as well. But that's not the only execution of our parent brand or category of driving activity. We also have a cereal snacking program, recognizing that the incidence of snacking on cereal has increased significantly over the last decade, from 20% of all cereal consumed outside the breakfast occasion, nearly of 30% of all cereal outside the breakfast occasion. And historically, we've seen good success with those programs on brands like Special K in evening snacking. So we have those sorts of programs coming back into the market. And then there are other programs that remind people of the simplicity of the food; that this is food directly from the farm to the table, that a cornflake is virtually a corn grit that's being rolled and toasted. So it's not -- as you think about the category relevance work, it's not all just a milk and grain story, it's actually several different executions around the world that we will be able to work with through Q2, Q3, get responses from, adapt, adopt and quickly take up what's working and move it around the system.
John A. Bryant: So within Asia-Pacific, we actually saw very good growth in Asia. As I said before in the prepared remarks, Japan, Southeast Asia, all these -- a number of these markets grew quite strongly in the first quarter. Unfortunately, it was held back by Australia in the first quarter. We're lapping last year in Australia where we launched the breakfast beverage business that had some big volume comparisons coming from that launch. As we look at the Australian cereal category, it has similar dynamics to what we've seen, say, in the U.S. and we have very significant investment going in the brand building behind the Australian cereal business in the second and third quarter, as well as large consumer promotion events in each of the next 3 quarters. So we do expect an improvement in the Australian cereal business. And while we don't normally give guidance at a segment level, we do expect Asia Pacific to have positive growth across the year. On Pringles specifically, actually, Pringles in Australia grew quite nicely and Pringles in the region also grew, despite some foreign exchange headwind as we take Pringles, say, from U.S. into Japan. And obviously, the cost of goods goes up as the exchange rate has moved. If there's one thing I would say about Asia-Pacific, it's we have seen a slowdown in India. That's probably the one area that's a little bit slower than we would have expected to see. Still growing, but not at the extremely high rates that we've seen over the last 2 or 3 years. But we feel good about the state of the Asia-Pacific business and the long-term potential. On China, that's a relatively small joint venture, early days. Having said that, we virtually doubled the business in the first quarter but it's not consolidated in our results. So there's no benefit from the China joint venture sales within the internal sales number that we report for Asia-Pacific.
John A. Bryant: I'll ask Ron to answer the advertising phasing question. I'll come back and talk about the feet on the street investment.
John A. Bryant: If we look at the investment back in the sales organization, it's really happened in 2 places in the U.S. The first one is in our DSD system. We've invested back in the DSD organization by increasing the number of reps and we've improved the technology available to those reps as well. So we're seeing a very good performance from our DSD sales organization. We'll start to see that come through in the first quarter. We're building momentum and through the 4 big businesses within snacks, we gained over 1share point in crackers, with growth from Cheez-It, Club, from basin [ph] innovation, Town House, the core cracker brands. We also saw very good growth in cookies towards the end of the quarter with the M&M cookies coming through. Now, all this is coming through in terms of improved execution in store. Our wholesome snacks is the one business that is not firing on all cylinders. Within that, we have a couple of brands that are doing well and a few that need some work, but we're seeing improved merchandising there over time as well. And of course, Pringles continues to deliver double-digit growth in the first quarter on top of double-digit growth last year. So we're seeing a good response to investment of sales organization on DSD. The other part of the sales organization that we are looking to continue to optimize is on the Morning Foods or cereal side of the business, the warehouse side, where we have more of a broken model and we are selectively adding back Kellogg direct employees feet on the street there in the right locations where we have the greatest impact. That's more later in Q1 into Q2 as we go through the year.
John A. Bryant: Well, Eric, I feel very good about the momentum that we are building in our snacks business in the U.S. and we had a tough year last year. But as I look within the U.S. and what probably not as evident when all you see is the quarterly results is when you look at the phasing within the quarter, we came out of Q1 strong. And we're seeing very good momentum behind crackers and cookies, Pringles, obviously as well. And in that business, it's not really the ability to have a big disconnect between consumption and shipments over time because it's a DSD business, it's not going to a warehouse where you could get inventory hung up for a period of time. So a couple reasons why our shipments were stronger than our consumption. One is we had some activity going in customer that is outside the measured data. And also, we had very good display levels at the end of the quarter on full and seeing that pull out in P4 consumption as well. So I believe we are building momentum in the snacks business and thought we're absolutely on the right track. In terms of our competitor, I can't really talk to what their strategy or their intent is. But our intent here is to play our game, which is innovation-driven, in-store execution driven, invest back in the sales organization. We've gained share in crackers for just about every year for the last 10, 12 years, except for the last 1 or 2 years. And to see ourselves back in cracker share growth there, you see the Keebler business growing low-single digits, you see Pringles driving double-digit growth on top of double-digit growth, there's a lot of reasons here to see the business start to turn. Wholesome snacks, there's still work to be done but we're absolutely addressing it and taking the right actions.
John A. Bryant: Okay. So there's a few questions in there. Firstly, in terms of any difference between shipments and consumption, I would say that our shipments were broadly in line with our consumption. And if we look at our trade inventory levels, there was nothing there that stuck out on us as a concern year-on-year. Secondly, in terms of brand building investment, the brand building investment we have coming in Q2 and Q3 is a little bit more cereal-oriented, particularly in some of the developed markets such as parts of Europe, Australia, U.S. Obviously, we continue to invest more in brands like Pringles as well, which has continued to drive tremendous growth for us. I'm trying to remember the third piece now, that you asked me.
John A. Bryant: Well, I believe that the category growth is a function of what the manufacturers do. So to your point, if we improve our performance, then the category performance should improve as well. And in some respects, that is inside of expectation. In the first quarter, the category's down 4% to 5%. The category's likely to be down more sort of low-single digits across the back half of the year with us more in line with the category. Not necessarily in line with the category, but closer to the category. And if we can improve our performance, I believe the category will improve.
John A. Bryant: Well, firstly, as I said earlier, Kashi is a tremendous brand. It's one of the largest brands in the natural organic space. We do need to invest more back into the food to ensure we're on track with progressive nutrition. And as we do that, it means putting money back into the food itself. So it does impact the gross margin structure but essentially, the shift within Kashi from brand building into the food because you have to have the food right. In terms of are we seeing an impact, it's too early to say there's a big impact from GMO-free. We do have organic SKUs within Kashi and they've been doing well. So I think there's reason to believe in there. But ultimately, we need to get more new innovation to the marketplace over time. So we're confident in the long-term growth of Kashi. What I will say is, this business, because it has lost some distribution over the last 12, 18 months, it is going to be a headwind as we go through 2014 as we're just lapping those distribution losses. But long term, this is a very strong business. We just need to get it back on track and invest more in the food because that's what consumers are looking for from this brand.
John A. Bryant: Okay. Well, perhaps I could take that in reverse order that you asked the questions. But again, the retail support for the category remains strong. This is one of the largest, most profitable categories within the retail environment and the discussions we're having with retailers are very productive and positive about how we grow our combined business. And in some respects, you come back to the category relevance work, we're getting very good retail support from network because it's helping retailers both with the cereal category and with the milk category, which is another important category for them over time as well. So we continue to get good retail support for shelf assortment. There's probably a little bit less merchandising support over the last couple of years but can get good primary shelf support. In terms of where the distribution losses have occurred for Kashi, quite frankly, there have been some retailers that are more mainstream in orientation that probably took a little bit more Kashi than they could sustain in that sort of outlet and we're still seeing very good distribution in the primary stores where the natural organic shopper goes to shop. And then coming back to your first question about some of the other brands where we have some challenges, we have Special K and Mini-Wheats, we have specific activity coming to market against both of those. So on Mini-Wheats, it's on air here in the second quarter. It's also being heavily featured in the category work that's going on. And on Special K, we have a new Simple 5 program that's coming in the second quarter, which actually is a portfolio program across cereals, snacks and frozen and really highlights the all-day weight management partner that Special K is. And so we have a number of specific programs addressing those very specific brand opportunities, which we think are part of the solution to drive back to growth.
John A. Bryant: I think we have a couple of opportunities with Special K. Certainly, the resolution event earlier this year was not as effective as we would have liked and I think we have an opportunity to continue to improve those programs over time. I think they've become -- we used to call them the 2-week challenge. It's become a challenge, it's become something difficult to do. It's not resonating with consumers as well and so we need to continue to move the brand to a more positive footing of great food that helps you live your life to the fullest and manage your weight as opposed to more of a negative orientation. And quite frankly, that's a challenge not just in the U.S., it's a global challenge on Special K. If you look around the world where the weakness is in some of our other cereal business, it is a Special K discussion. And so as we look at our Special K programs globally, we are working on different programs around the world. We've changed food in a number of markets and as we see again what works, we'll continue to adapt and adopt rapidly around the Kellogg system and bring those ideas to bear.
Ronald L. Dissinger: So in terms of the advertising, our total brand building phasing pressure across the year. First, we had good pressure in the first quarter, but our brand building was down slightly year-over-year. Our pressure is much stronger, particularly in the second quarter and the third quarter. So we're looking to be up, probably mid- to high-single digits in terms of our brand building pressure. And then as we said for the full year, we expect our brand building and advertising to grow at a rate faster than sales growth, but good pressure out there in the second quarter and the third quarter.
Ronald L. Dissinger: So at this point in time, Eric, we have not taken a devaluation for the Venezuela business. Let me just elaborate on that a little bit. First, as I said in the prepared remarks, sales are approximately 1% of our total company sales and operating profit is approximately 2% of our company operating profit. The valuation of our net assets and the translation of sales and profits are really a facts and circumstances situation. Within Venezuela, Kellogg's is deemed a priority industry. And we manufacture virtually all of our product domestically within Venezuela. We were also able to secure funds for anything we buy out of the country to produce in the country. We're able to secure funds at the official rate of VEF 6.3 to the U.S. dollar. So at this point in time, we have chosen to continue to value our business at that rate. Now the CCAD 1 rate, I believe, is just under VEF 11 to the U.S. dollar. If our facts and circumstances were to change and we were to value at that rate, we would have a one-time charge impact for the devaluation of the net assets and then we would have an impact from the future translation of profits to our business. The estimated impact for that, and this will be disclosed within our Q as well, is around $0.09 to $0.11 of earnings per share.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes. So we did see a little bit of net inflation within the first quarter. We still expect, as I said, around 3% to 4% of cost inflation and that will be more than offset by the productivity improvements that we expect over the course of the year. Remember, we've always talked about inflationary costs in materials, and primarily that being driven by our packaging costs. We did see some timing of cost and savings, as I said, within our factories, in particular, timing of production. Our production was a little bit lower in the first quarter, not an issue for the full year, necessarily. But a little lower in the first quarter and some of that was related to the weather impact that John talked about, we all actually saw some impact to our ability to produce in some of our manufacturing facilities. So our inflation is a little bit more front-end weighted, not a significant exaggeration, though, in terms of front end versus how it spreads across the year. The other important thing is our savings. We have good savings in the first quarter, but those savings ramp-up as we progress through the balance of the year. And the Project K savings are a particular contributor to that. Those savings, as you can imagine, particularly for our supply chain initiatives, will increase as we go through particularly the back part of the year. So we will see or have seen the net inflation in the first quarter and we'll see some net deflation over the balance of the year.
