Steve Cahillane: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I think we can all agree that 2021 was yet another unprecedented year. In addition to lapping an unusually strong 2020, we managed through an operating environment that was more challenging than any other that we can remember. The pandemic persisted, requiring a sustained focus on employee safety, giving back to our communities and working differently. Bottlenecks and shortages on everything from labor to materials to freight impeded supply across the global economy and created incremental costs and inefficiencies that were difficult to plan for. Finally, there was one more extreme challenge in 2021, the acceleration of cost inflation to levels the industry hadn't seen in a decade. Our particular situation was complicated further by a fire in one of our US cereal plants, followed by a labor strike across all four US cereal plants. The fire further strained our network and our ability to build inventory, which served to worsen the situation when we experienced the labor strike. We are pleased to have our team back to work. Strikes are painful for everyone, and not only did this strike affect our employees' lives. It also had a near-term financial impact on the company. It negatively impacted sales and profit in the fourth quarter of 2021, and it will have carryover cost impact in quarter one 2022. It will also have sales impacts through the second quarter as we continue to rebuild inventories. In the end, though, we did what we believe was right for the business over the long-term. Working through these challenges required extraordinary efforts by our employees who clearly rose to the occasion, from safety precautions and volunteerism to incredible agility and creativity by our supply chain to the actions we took to help mitigate the profit impact of high costs, including productivity initiatives and revenue growth management actions, we executed well. The result was delivery of the 2021 guidance we have been raising or reaffirming since early in the year, even despite the labor strike extending well beyond what we had incorporated into our latest guidance. So we're in good condition as we head into 2022. Our international regions continue to demonstrate very strong momentum, each growing ahead of their long-term targets and featuring strong in-market performance and responsible price realization. In North America, our snacks and frozen businesses are showing momentum with 2-year compound annual growth in consumption led by leading world-class brands. The capabilities we enhanced in recent years are paying off. Our data and analytics capabilities are making our marketing dollars go further. Our e-commerce capabilities are sustaining momentum in that emerging channel. Our innovation pipeline is as strong as ever. And you can see how our capabilities around revenue growth management have improved just by looking at the strength of our price/mix performance. Our cash flow remains strong, benefiting from discipline on restructuring outlays, prioritization of capital investment and strong management of core working capital. Along with a deleveraged balance sheet, this gives us financial flexibility, enabling us to increase the cash we return to share owners and keep our powder dry for potential M&A opportunities. We have some work to do. Economy-wide bottlenecks and shortages persist. And after our supply was further disrupted by the fire and strike, we are in the process of recovering production, inventory and service levels as well as commercial programs in that business. And as you'll hear in a moment, we are guiding toward another year of balanced growth even as we take a prudent planning stance toward the current operating environment. Importantly, we remain on our strategy, deploy for balanced growth, which is depicted on slide number 7. This strategy continues to keep us on our path for steady balanced financial delivery. It is designed to accommodate evolving industry conditions, and it is working. And equally importantly, we remain committed to our values as a company. We don't really strive to grow. We strive to grow the right way. Accordingly, we continue to make progress on better days, our ESG-oriented program. Just a few better days, highlights from quarter 4 are shared on slide number 8. As you can see, we remain active in this area, both behind the scenes with donations and sustainability work, but also leveraging some of this good work in our commercial activation. Let me now turn it over to Amit so he can take you through our financial results and outlook in more detail.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Thanks Ken. I'd say the snacks business, there's not one thing that you would point to. It's really overall broad-based execution, innovation, new pack formats that's driving the underlying momentum of the business. It's across brands. It's Pringles. It's Cheez-It. It's Rice Krispies Treats. It's broadly across customers. Some of it is a return to on-the-go, clearly, which is benefiting. But it's broad-based. It's very good price/mix performance on top of that. The innovations that I already mentioned Scorchin', doing it extremely well. So, it's nice to see a number that's high double-digits for sure. And to your question around what's in guidance, we're not forecasting continued 20% growth, to be sure. And we'll have to lap that next year, but it's a great position to be in, strong brands, differentiated brands, good brand building against those. We kicked off the Pringles Super Bowl campaign on CBS prime time, will be on the big game again this year. So we expect to get off to a very strong start next year in our snacks business as well.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So where we are right now, obviously, we had a strike that last -- almost the entirety of the fourth quarter. And so what you see there is the depletion of our inventory and our customers' inventory. That takes a little while to rebuild. The plants are fully back in business right now. We're delighted that our folks are back. But it's going to take the first quarter to build inventory. It's going to take into the second quarter to rebuild commercial activity. So think about it as 2 halves. The first half of the year, we'll see the continued pressure in US cereal. In the second half, you should see some nice growth in our US cereal business. And so that's really -- I would think about it as a tale of 2 halves. The first half is the reparations necessary, and the second half is the rebuilding of commercial activation, customer programs, commercial activity that will see getting back to growth.
Steve Cahillane: David, difficult question to answer. It's obviously a hypothetical, but you can see what's happened to our US cereal performance. We wouldn't have been down 24%, right? And so I think you'd look at it and say we'd be down or up in a plus 1, minus 1 type of range. We're going to lap that in the second half of next year, as I was just saying. We're going to rebuild in the first half and grow in the second half. But clearly, it affected our results in the fourth quarter without a doubt. And that's why we're so pleased to be able to post the type of performance despite -- again, the entirety of the fourth quarter, we had a labor strike. The rest of the portfolio stepped up in such a meaningful way to be able to deliver against our guidance despite this unexpected circumstance, I think, really shows two things. It shows the incredible strength of the portfolio and it's a reminder to all of us that when you hear Kellogg, you think cereal, right? But we're so much more than a cereal company. This business, US cereal, North American cereal is less than 20% of our business. And what you saw is the greater than 20% of the emerging markets business performing, the snacks business I was just talking about performing. All of our international business is performing very well to overcome what was -- could have been a debilitating strike but wasn't.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, I do get your question. I think we were on the road to really good recovery in cereal. And if you look at the underlying health of the big brands, you could see that. And even today, if you look at the brands that we've been able to restore, look at Froot Loops, for example, it's performing very well relative to the rest of the category. And we believe, as I said earlier, it's going to be a tale of two halves. But when we get to the second half, we feel good about our cereal and we feel good about our North American cereal's performance inside the portfolio. And as we've said, even before 2020, we don't need cereal to be a growth business. We needed it to be stable, and we're very confident that we will get it into stability. And if you think about the back half of the year we're in right now, you're going to see that. And that's in our guidance, and we're confident about that. And then when you think about even as far forward as into 2023 and the beginning of 2023, we're going to be lapping the first quarter of this year. So we see turning the corner at the half year as the beginning of a very, very robust, balanced growth for us, and we don't see cereal holding us back.
Steve Cahillane: We will see market share restoration -- it'll be different across brands, right? We're focusing first on our biggest brands. And then obviously, we have a number of portfolio that will be not as high a priority in terms of rebuilding inventory and commercial activity. So you'll see us -- you should see regaining market share in the second half of the year, as I said earlier, just as we regain momentum. Hard to give a market share forecast of where we'll be at certain points, but we are bound and determined to restore this business, restore our TDPs, restore all of our commercial activity. And again, in the second half of the year showed real momentum and exit the year with very strong momentum across the entirety of our portfolio, including our North American cereal business.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Alexia, what I'd say is it's helpful to look at the whole category on a two-year basis as well because what we're seeing is obviously a huge influx of new distribution and new entrants, which drove outsized demand and outsized sales in certain areas. And there's a big difference between refrigerated and frozen as well. And what you're seeing is the refrigerated segment has decelerated on a two year CAGR basis and its because of all these, as I said, new entrants, new trial and so forth shaking out. In the frozen side of the business, we're still very pleased about the way Morningstar Farms is performing. And we see what's happening in refrigerated as a lot of shakeout. You typically see this in new categories with lots of new entrants, lots of trial, not always the highest quality items making their way on shelf. And so I think you'll see that shake out. And we do think that over time, refrigerated has an opportunity to be successful, but we're much more pleased about how we're doing in the frozen segment.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Michael. So what we've seen so far is much better than historical elasticity performance. So much more inelastic. We don't forecast for that to continue. Obviously, inflation continues to rage on. We are very pleased with the price/mix that we've seen, but we are forecasting a more return-to-normal elasticities as the year progresses. I don't know, Amit, if you want to
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Definitely, Michael. So we're very pleased with the strength of the balance sheet and the deleveraging that's happened over the course of the last couple of years, and it does give us opportunities and optionality. And I think if you look at our portfolio and what's working in the portfolio, you could see us -- that would be good hunting ground. So think snacking, think wellness, think emerging markets. And if we found an opportunity to add shareholder value, we would certainly take a good hard look at it. Always, though, being very disciplined on price.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Rob. So when you look at the bars category, you can see it is really highly correlated to occasions. And so I don't think this was your question, but if you look at Rice Krispies Treats, which are bars, doing incredibly well. You look at Nutri-Grain, doing very well. You look at RX, it's back to growth, but not the type of growth that we had seen in the past. And that's due to occasions. I mean I think I just saw something the other day where gym traffic is still down 40% from 2019 prepandemic. And that's a big occasion for RX, right? Throw a bunch of bars in the gym bag and off you go. So we're seeing growth, but I think a lot of higher growth will depend on those types of occasions returning. And we are seeing -- the trend line is positive. We're seeing mobility start to increase. Omicron obviously set it back, but now we're seeing it potentially recover. And we'll see what happens in the spring. It's hard -- somebody mentioned the cloudy crystal ball, certainly cloudy to understand what's going to happen in the spring. But as those occasions return, we think RX and our other portfolio is well placed.
Amit Banati: Yes. Absolutely. I think longer term, that would -- we'd want to get back to the pre-pandemic levels of gross margin. I think you saw in quarter four, a further deterioration in our gross margin from quarter three. I think a lot of the factors of quarter three were still at play in quarter four in terms of commodity inflation, in terms of supply bottlenecks and shortages. And of course, the strike had a significant impact on our margins in quarter four. And so the deterioration between quarter three and quarter four was largely due to the strike. I think you're going to continue to see that persist in -- particularly in quarter one, but into quarter two as we rebuild inventory. There are carryover costs of the strike that will flow through into quarter one as well. And so I think from a 2022 standpoint, again, I think similar to what Steve mentioned on cereal, even on gross margins, it'll be kind of a tale of two halves. I think the first half, we continue to see the pressure that we saw in the second half of 2021. So you'll see a similar trend in 2022 first half. And then in the second half, we should see our margins start to improve, particularly in quarter four, as we lap the impact of the fire and the strike. I think where we'll end up for -- on 2022 overall, hard to predict. I think it'll depend a little bit on the supply chain environment. But once you go past 2022, I think from a strategic standpoint, we'd absolutely want to get back to pre-pandemic levels of margins. And that's the focus of all the teams around the world.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think, Andrew, like I said on gross margins, we'll see pressure in the first half. We'll see improvement in the second half. And again, there's obviously a little bit of variability depending on how the environment pans out. On SG&A, right now, our thinking -- our planning stance is a modest increase in SG&A for 2022. And so A&P, we'd expect it to be broadly flattish as the restoration of support behind the brands that were supply disrupted is gradual. So as we rebuild inventory, as we rebuild service, we will start rebuilding commercial activation in line with that. And so that played through in the first half. And then I think from an overhead standpoint, there will be a slight increase. I mean we are lapping an unusual 2021, where the pandemic basically persisted for the full year. And so we had reduced travel. We had reduced -- spend on meetings. There were a couple of one-time items. So, overhead versus that base is -- you'd expect a modest increase in overheads.
Amit Banati: Yes. So I think in terms of inflation, I'll start there, it's continued to accelerate, and we've seen that through '21. So we are expecting double-digit inflation in 2022, and bulk of it is market-driven. So I think that's our planning stance. We're seeing inflation in ingredients and packaging, oil, corn, wheat, and on the packaging side, cans, carton. So we're seeing broad-based inflation across our ingredients. We're about 70% hedged on our exchange-traded commodities. So where we can hedge, we are at around a 70% hedged. So that's kind of typical of where we are at this time of the year. We will look to cover the gross margin impact of all the market-related pricing – inflation through our productivity initiatives, through our revenue growth management initiatives. I think from a supply chain bottleneck standpoint, I think we've talked a little bit of the carryover impact of the strike. So that's going to play out in quarter 1 and moderate into quarter 2. So that's going to impact the first half margins for sure. And then the environment itself, that's hard to predict, but I think what we've assumed is that it'll continue to be a challenging supply chain environment into the first half and then moderate into the second half. I think when you put all of those assumptions together, right, and kind of look at the first half, second half, it's -- obviously, the earnings would be second half weighted compared to the first half. And then I think from a lapse standpoint, obviously, quarter 4 will be our easiest lap when we start lapping the impact of the fire and the strike. So that's broadly the shape of the yield.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think, Alexia, the driver for that is really -- I mean we're seeing commodity inflation. We're seeing currency inflation. So I think a lot of that is driven by pricing. And if you look at markets, Multipro is a good example, where we've -- we're taking significant pricing, double-digit pricing, multiple rounds of that to cover the currency and the commodity. I'd say elasticity has been better than expected. So the elasticity has held up, and volumes have held up. What you're seeing in some of the volume declines is also the impact of supply constraints. I think that region, in particular, has been impacted by shortage of containers. We do ship a lot of product. Pringles is a good example. We manufacture that in Malaysia and ship it across the region. And certainly, the shortage of ocean containers has impacted our ability to supply. And likewise, I think there have been just restrictions, lockdown restrictions on some of our facilities that have impacted supply and service. So that's been a dynamic indeed from a volume standpoint. But overall, I'd say, over a two-year period, terrific price/mix performance by the region. And broadly, volumes have held up.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think most of our -- if not all of our net sales growth for 2022 would be driven by price/mix. So I think, as I mentioned, right, we're seeing double-digit inflation into 2022. And so I think we're working through plans, both productivity as well as revenue growth management, to counter that and to hold margins. So, you will see most of the sales being driven by price/mix. And RGM activity will continue to be a focus into 2022.
