John A. Bryant: Thanks, John, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. I'm happy to report Q3 profit and earnings that came in ahead of our expectations. A lower tax rate was part of this over-delivery, but so was broad-based profit margin expansion that exceeded our expectations. Candidly, top-line growth did not come in as we had hoped, and there were specific factors behind that, which we will discuss in a moment. But we do see growth and sequential improvement in many parts of our business. Behind the numbers, there is great progress being made, not only against our strategy as represented by our 2020 Growth Plan, but also against the key business priorities we laid out for you one year ago at our Day at K investor event. These efforts should continue to yield sequential improvement in our results. We saw it in Q3. And we'll see it again in Q4, finishing the year largely as we originally expected in operating profit, albeit driven more by margin expansion and less by net sales growth. And this improvement will continue into 2017 as we continue to believe we have the right plans to bring sales at least to flat, and enough productivity initiatives to drive us well on our way to a 350 basis point improvement goal we have set for 2015 to 2018 on a currency-neutral comparable basis, excluding Venezuela. Today, Ron, the region presidents and I will take you through our results, progress and outlook, and we use as a basis for measurement the priorities we shared with you back at Day at K. I'll start by reminding you of the 2020 Growth Plan, which we unveiled to you at last November's Day at K investor event and which is shown on slide 5. There are two important points to make here. First, that this Growth Plan is informing our investment decisions and our 2016 priorities were all geared toward delivering on this strategy. As we discuss our progress against our 2016 priorities, we are really discussing our progress against this 2020 Growth Plan. The second point is that our acceleration of profit margin expansion is by no means a change in strategy. OP margin expansion has always sat front-and-center of our 2020 Growth Plan. And there's more to this profit margin expansion than simply executing initiatives. A couple of months ago, we told you about how we are refreshing our Volume to Value operating model for today's environment. Volume to Value is being embraced and measured throughout the organization. This should give you another reason to believe in our 2018 margin expansion target. So with that as a backdrop, let's walk through our progress against our strategy. On slide 6, we recount the 2016 priorities we shared with you at Day at K one year ago. Clearly, there is tangible progress being made. We set out to stabilize our four largest cereal markets: U.S., Canada, Australia and the UK. We have invested in food, repositioned Special K, focused our marketing resources behind highest ROI brands and activities. And we have made substantial progress in all but the UK, which is a work in progress. Expanding Pringles worldwide has been a priority for this year. And in Q3, we continue to see good growth in that brand. Emerging markets have been dramatically scaled up through acquisitions and joint ventures, and we are growing organically in these emerging markets as well. Enhancing our sales capabilities was another priority, and we've rolled Revenue Growth Management disciplines, processes and tools around the world. We said this was necessary for price realization and we've seen that price realization go from being down slightly in the first half to being flat in Q3, with an expectation of slightly positive price realization in Q4. Also, regarding sales capabilities, we just announced our biggest-ever acquisition in Latin America, which will not only give us much needed scale in Brazil but also gives us the ability to leverage a very strong reach into high-frequency stores. Increasing earnings visibility through big productivity and savings initiatives has been a key priority for us this year. And it's already showing up in our results, with Q3 recording yet another year-on-year gain in OP margin. We're delivering on our productivity initiatives. We're shifting our brand-building to higher RIO brands and investments and we're starting to turn around our price realization. So good progress is being made, even if our top-line has not yet reflected it. With that, let me turn it over to Ron, who will take you through our financial results, progress and outlook.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Amit. Let me wrap up with slide 41 and a few key messages I'd like to leave you with today. We are making clear progress toward our priorities. We are doing what we said we'd do, and this will lead to continued improvement in our financial performance. We are disappointed by our recent sales performance, but improving underlying fundamentals points to sequential improvement in Q4 and 2017. We have unprecedented earnings visibility. That's because of our productivity programs, like Project K and ZBB. It's because of Revenue Growth Management and it's because of a refreshed Volume to Value operating model. And we have increased confidence that we can achieve our goal of raising our operating profit margin by 250 basis points from 2015 through 2018. I'd like to thank all of our employees for their hard work and dedication. And with that, let's open up the line for Q&A.
John A. Bryant: Jason, if I could just add to that, I think if you look around the world, in general, private label shares are not doing well in our categories. So we're holding our own. In fact, we're doing better than private label in the majority of our categories around the world. I mean, I would strongly disagree with the comment of pulling back on brand-building. We're absolutely committed to brand-building. We spend at industry-leading levels. We can be more efficient at doing it, and that's where the Zero-Based Budgeting benefits are coming through. And we can change how we spend brand-building to next generation marketing more. That's what Paul was referring to in terms of spending more on digital and less on, say, traditional TV-type advertising programs. So we're absolutely committed to driving strong brands and we think we can do it more efficiently and effectively over time.
John A. Bryant: I think a few things give us great confidence in our ability to grow internationally going forward. One, if you go back to our 2020 growth strategy, emerging market expansion was a big part of that strategy, and you're seeing us make that a reality. We have invested actually in all three of our international regions with emerging market acquisitions or joint ventures in the last year or two years. We've made significant investments in Nigeria, helping us open up Africa. We've made two acquisitions in Egypt, helping us expand the Mediterranean Middle East region. And we made a very important acquisition in Brazil earlier this year, which transforms that marketplace for us. All these elements help us build a larger emerging market footprint within our company. It's also worth highlighting that Pringles has changed the nature of our emerging markets business from being focused on cereal, to also having the ability to drive snacks expansion. Pringles has certainly helped us make that a reality within the emerging markets. So as we go forward, we think we are increasingly well-positioned to get better growth, both on the top line and on margin expansion, as you heard from the international area presidents here this morning.
John A. Bryant: I'd say, again, it's still pretty early days for us on Revenue Growth Management. So I think you're seeing better performance in Q3 than the front half of this year. We expect Q4 to be slightly better again, but this is not a sudden shift. This is a build-up over time of the various work we're doing in this area
John A. Bryant: Maybe I could start and then hand it over to Paul to add any more comments. So I think earlier this year, I was asked if I thought U.S. Cereal would grow in 2016. And I said, yes, I thought we would. And part of that was the improvement we're seeing over the last three or four years in consumption trends in cereal, particularly in our business. And if you look at consumption in 2017, we're going to end up down about 1%. That's actually a significant improvement over prior years, not quite where I hoped we'd get to, but we're certainly trending in the right direction. Our shipments might end up being 100, 200 basis points less than that because we are expecting a full-year trade inventory reduction in the Cereal business based on what we saw in the third quarter. So I think we're heading in the right direction. Was I a little bit maybe too optimistic we'd get there in 2016, perhaps, but I think as Paul said, we get to 2017, we expect to see the continued improvement. And it's going to come through by engaging consumers with great food, engaging them with the brands, bringing it to life in store, a whole variety of factors that we know historically have driven the Cereal business performance.
John A. Bryant: Well, I think as you look around the world, you look at our margin expansion goals, they are more in Europe and North America. So not surprisingly, that's where more of the heavy lifting is from a margin expansion perspective. But even in the emerging markets, we do expect to see margin expansion. We expect to see that because a lot of the initiatives that we have underway. So I'm going to hand it over to Maria Fernanda and to Amit briefly just to talk about some of the things they're doing to drive margins in their regions, starting with Maria Fernanda, then to Amit.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yeah, first, Jason, let me remind you we're committed to investing in our brands and our food, and we invest at industry-leading levels. And we had very strong pressure in the third quarter as well. The fact is Zero-Based Budgeting highlighted some opportunities for us from an efficiency and an effectiveness standpoint to ensure that we're investing with impact into our business. For example, we found opportunities in agency fees, so the non-working elements of our brand-building and also in production costs. And, as you know, the model to build brands in the marketplace today certainly is evolving. Now in the third quarter, we saw our brand-building as a percent of sales down about a point. So we did have some money come out, but remember we're investing back into our foods in conjunction with that.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Rob, it's Ron. The Nigeria investment is making money. There are a number of other things that are flowing through that line, other joint venture investments, including China and a small joint venture in Turkey as well, but we are profitable in Nigeria. And as you heard from Amit, we got very strong sales growth within that market as well.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Well, it's a little early from a currency standpoint, Chris, for us to give guidance on how currencies may impact our business. So that's one thing that we'll need to consider and certainly the impact that Brexit has had on the sterling. The other thing is you heard me communicate on the call here that we expect our tax rate this year to be about 25%. So we'll be lapping that as we move into 2017.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes. What I would tell you, Chris, is that our Revenue Growth Management work is in its early stages and it's unfolding. We're a bit more developed in some of the U.S. businesses versus our international markets. But where it's progressing well, though – remember what I said in the opening remarks is that we expect, as we go through 2017, 2018, volume to be down and price mix to be improving. Some of this work takes time before you see it unfold within the profit and loss statement. And let me remind you there are a number of different areas that we're taking a look at. First of all, our trade investment and the efficiency and effectiveness of that trade investment. We're also looking at pack sizes to make sure we have the right pricing structures in pack sizes on shelf, and then we're doing things around mix management. So it takes time to work that from consumer to shelf through the customer and then back into our business. But we'll see that unfold in 2017 and 2018 as well, Chris.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Hey, Jonathan. Well, I won't point to specific margin structure of the different categories within the Snacks business or Cereal business. I would tell you, and I mentioned this in the opening remarks, our Wholesome Snacks business has strong margins. And as that business has been soft for us, that's had an impact on our business performance and our gross margin as well. When you look across the Cereal business broadly, our Morning Foods broadly and Snacks broadly, the overall gross margin structures and contribution structures are pretty comparable.
Ronald L. Dissinger: This is Ron, Bryan. Looking at the current trends, we probably would have reduced our revenue outlook, but that trade inventory reduction was significant in Morning Foods. There was a big difference between our shipments and our consumption. And from recollection, it was about a half a point or a little bit more within the quarter.
Ronald L. Dissinger: It won't be a drag going forward, and we didn't plan that inventory to come back into the business either. So we took a prudent approach to how we expect the balance of the year to unfold.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Absolutely. So let's start first with 2016. Project K is on track in delivering against its financial objectives. We communicated approximately $100 million worth of savings and we're still on track for that number. Zero-Based Budgeting, the latest update I had provided was that our Zero-Based Budgeting savings in 2016 would be in the range of $150 million to $180 million. Now, we are hitting more towards the top end of that range, maybe even a little bit above that range as we look at our most recent outlook for the year. So we're seeing very good performance from Zero-Based Budgeting. Now, let's move that into 2017. And I did provide an update at the Barclays conference, if you wanted to refer to some charts there, you'd see it on the charts as well. But Project K, balance of the program to hit the $425 million to $475 million worth of savings, so roughly $140 million to $190 million of savings over the next couple years, 2017 and 2018, to hit that range. And we have said that more than half of that savings would come in 2017. When you look at Zero-Based Budgeting savings and the way we've outlined it, it's roughly a third, a third, a third unfolding in in 2016, 2017 and 2018. So the savings are pretty comparable.
Paul T. Norman: Thanks, Jason. I think it's a good point regarding our private label brands. I mean, our focus is clear on investing in our brands, first and foremost. So you probably heard me say it on several occasions, investing behind our biggest brands, be that our big three crackers, our core six cereals, Rice Krispies Treats, the Eggo brand, the Pop-Tart brand, investing in the food in ways that continuously improve our offerings, sometimes that's removing things people want less of, sometimes that's putting more in what people want more of, like red berries, for example, in Special K. Those are the things that allow branded companies like ours and our big brands to compete and play effectively for consumers' pocketbooks in the marketplace. So my focus is very much in improving our foods, bigger better ideas, and driving our investment behind those things. Now how you invest, whether it's old school television or whether it's more socially-driven, I think that's what all of us are working towards. So it doesn't mean that you invest like you always did to get the return you always got. You can be more efficient and effective in the ways you go forward.
Paul T. Norman: I think Deanie highlighted some examples on the last call of how we're beginning to see some improved performance in Cheez-It come through and we are getting the benefits of the work, but we started with Cheez-It. We're now moving across other brands.
Paul T. Norman: Thanks, Michael. That's a great question. If you look at the Keebler brand in the third quarter, our sales, our consumption was down about 0.8 of a percent and our share is stable. We reinvested in the brand in about March this year with brand-building advertising and also some food innovation, which is coming through now. And we've seen base sales in the third quarter up almost 6% in the marketplace in the third quarter. And in the more recent data, it's continuing to grow. So we do have a tail within our cookie portfolio that we're working on, though, specifically, the Keebler brand, we feel good about the Keebler brand. And the team has done a great job. I mean, the brand is stabilizing in consumption, like I say, and we're seeing good baseline sales growth, and a little bit of price from a unit point of view coming through, which is positive. I just didn't mention it today.
Paul T. Norman: Yeah, I would say if you look at the U.S. business, Rice Krispies Treats has grown sales and share. Nutri-Grain's hanging in there and growing some share in the category as well. Our drag has been the Special K brand and some of those legacy foods as John mentioned that are probably off trend and more kind of linked towards diet. We have a significant restage coming in Q1 2017, with I think eight new foods around Special K brand and also around the Nutri-Grain brand as we seek to stabilize that part of our business next year overall. So it will take significant investment in food as the starting point to stabilizing that business.
Paul T. Norman: So just to clarify, just to add some more to that, I think our consumption this year on cereal is down about 1%. Our shipments are probably down a couple hundred basis points more than that this year in U.S. So it would be our expectation and so the half point that Ron was referring to before was the total company net sales impact in Q3.
Paul T. Norman: I'll get that. Hi, Alexia. No, will be the answer to the first part of the question, that it was not linked to any reduction in space by any of our retailers. I think we were carrying maybe a little bit of incremental inventory through the first part of the year and it came out in the third quarter. We're trying to be, as Ron said, cautious and not planning to come back necessarily in the final part of the year. Regarding the core six, our strategy is to drive the core six hard. And that means investment in food. That means investment in great ideas, and that means really working our core assortment across all retail environments extremely hard, so that we get the maximum out of those brands. We also need to turn Kashi back to growth next year as well. If we do those things, I think we can be optimistic about the sequential improvement track in front of us in Cereal as a company and in Cereal as a category back towards flat or better in 2017.
Paul T. Norman: Okay. Well, if you think about Cereal, each brand is different so what makes one brand react might be different from another. We clearly saw a reinvestment in our core foods around, say, Special K red berries, which is a significant part of our lineup. Turn the business back to positive growth on a year-to-date basis this year, K is growing and growing share. We've seen Rice Krispies do extremely well this year, not because of necessarily innovation or renovation, but because of consumer engagement around recipe usage and versatility and I think that's driving that brand. Frosted Flakes is another brand that's growing well against teens and tweens this year so and that again I would say is driven by in-store activation behind big properties; properties like Finding Dory or the Olympics event. So it's not the same ingredients behind every brand. When it comes to ZBB reinvestment, we have put some money back in the business this year. We put it back in our sales force again to drive greater activation right through to the point of purchase. So sometimes, it's behind the brand. Sometimes, it's focusing on getting the assortment right and the perfect shelf at store, and that takes resources at the store level to do that. We did choose to reinvest in Keebler this year, which obviously isn't cereal, but that was a choice coming out of ZBB reinvestment. And we've seen positive returns on that. So I do think it comes down to core six brands and the one thing we can do better next year, I believe, is get Kashi back to growth. Kashi responds to many needs out there that some of the Kellogg traditional legacy brands can't. It's growing in the natural channel 4% to 5%. We need to get it beyond stable to growth in mainstream measures channels as well next year. We do that plus the core six, I think you'll see the category flatten out and maybe tip into growth.
Paul T. Norman: Thanks, John. That's a great question. Let me start off by saying, in all openness and honesty, I'm disappointed by our performance in Q3. I did expect a little more progress than we got. We started, as you know, 18 months ago, we put our team back out in California. And that team has been extremely focused on getting our food right. So we have completely renovated all of our foods to be Non-GMO Project Verified and about 30% to 40% of our portfolio is now organic. So we've done a lot of the fundamentals of getting the food right, in particular in our biggest business. We then decided to exit some categories, frozen pizzas for example. And we're getting out of things that we don't think are a good fit for the Kashi brand. And we turned our attention to innovating and renovating aggressively on our Wholesome Snacks business, which, as John mentioned earlier, Wholesome Snacks is again all about getting the food right. As we look at consumer reaction to Kashi, we're getting good reaction, a lot of positive social reaction to the brand, which means I feel confident about the equity. I think our foods are all getting back on trend. I think, and this is the important bit, you're right. With great execution, which I think we can improve on, we will return this business to growth. So I think there's a journey we're on here and we need to turn up execution because I think all the other elements are coming together. We have brand new communication about to hit early next year. It would have been great if we could have got that out a bit earlier, but we're getting to where we want to get to. We just need to execute now.
Paul T. Norman: Hey, Mario. It's Paul here. Yes, let me break this down. We're actually disappointed with the transformation of Morningstar Farms, not from a consumer point of view. We have consumer-validated and qualified packaging that we feel very good about. With any disruptive innovation, sometimes things can get disruptive, and we have not executed through to the shelf at the pace we expected to be able to execute. So I do think this is a case of execution, unfortunately, in the Morningstar Farms business. If I looked across our business, I look at cereal, I look at snacks, we've seen some very good execution. Kashi would be one area, or Morningstar Farms, where I think we have opportunity to improve. The good news is, like I say, our packaging is consumer-validated. We are now in a place where our distribution is back to normal and where it needs to be. I have visibility to a great pipeline of news coming early in the year. And we are now completely focused on communication and regenerating trial. There's no issue with the food. There's no issue with consumer. A lot of the food, we just missed it here. And now, we're focused very much on getting back to growth. I foresee growth for Morningstar Farms next year as we go forward. We did lose one item, which shows through in the numbers, unfortunately negatively, is we did lose a big item in the club channel, one of our best sellers and we're working hard to get that item back in a new organic format. When we get that item back, the club business is big for this business. So we're cautiously optimistic that's coming back as well, and that will be a driver of growth for this business next year.
