Steven Cahillane: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. We are obviously pleased to be able to report yet another quarter of strong performance, one that puts us in a position to raise our outlook for the full year. Before we get into the specific results and guidance, let me emphasize how we are navigating so well through what is undoubtedly a challenging business environment. First, we continue to execute our Deploy for Balanced Growth strategy depicted on Slide 5. As you'll see in the coming slides, it is clearly working. We remain equally committed to our planet and community as evidenced by our strong push in various areas of ESG. Some of our quarter two actions, achievements and recognitions are shown on Slide 6. For a more in-depth look at our ESG work, be on the lookout for our latest annual global ESG report, which will be published next week.  The result of this continued focus on execution is another quarter of strong results, as indicated on Slide 7. As you'll see in a moment, our momentum in snacks remains impressive around the world and led by world-class brands. Our international regions collectively posted yet another quarter of strong growth in sales and profit, a performance that is driven not only by snacks but also Cereal and Noodles & Other in emerging markets.  We also had an exceptional quarter for North America. This was driven not only by snacks but also by cereal. Our North America Cereal business continues to replenish inventory, both ours and net of our customers, leading to gradual resumption of commercial activity and recovery of share. We continue to mitigate the margin pressure created by decades-high cost inflation and bottlenecks and shortages evident across the entire economy. Our productivity initiatives continue to work and our revenue growth management actions continue to be effective.  As a result, we remain on an upward trajectory for operating profit. We're generating strong cash flow, which is providing enhanced financial flexibility, contributing to an increase this year in our dividend and in our share buybacks, all while reducing our net debt year-on-year as well. So we're executing well and delivering ahead of our own financial expectations. And as a result, today, we are raising our full year guidance.  Meanwhile, with June's public kickoff announcement, we continue to progress towards separating our company to 3 stronger, more focused companies as shown on Slide 8. We strongly believe that North America Cereal Co. and Plant Co. will be stronger as separate companies, able to focus on their specific strategies, priorities and resource needs.  Another key precept of our decision was the strength of our remaining Global Snacking Co. business. And our quarter two results only reemphasize that strength. As with any spinoff, this will require organizational design work and carving out the financials of the to-be-separated businesses, which in our structure today are integrated across business units. Work is well underway and we'll keep you apprised of our progress over the next several months. We will also remain laser-focused on delivering on our strategy and financial objectives in the meantime.  So we feel good about our first half of 2022. We feel confident about our second half, and we are excited about our separation plans. Let me now turn it over to Amit, who will explain our financial results and outlook in more detail.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. So let me start by just framing the cereal business a little bit in our business for you. We have 5 of the top 11 brands. They are strong brands. All the information, research and data that we have suggests or reinforces how strong these brands are, how relevant they are. The category, as you know right now, is very healthy. It's showing incredible pricing power. Even the last 4 weeks is better than the last 13 weeks. The category is quite healthy. It's versatile. It's showing, especially in challenging times, that it is a very affordable meal for people. A bowl of cereal with a glass of milk is $1, and that's really helping the category. Our recovery, which you already mentioned, is happening faster than planned. We're up 400 basis points year-to-date so the business has good momentum. But your question is, so how do we think about it in the future? And why is it going to be a strong business going forward? And we were losing share prior to the pandemic, and that's well documented. Some of the reasons for that, we went through a pack size harmonization which was necessary, but we did that.  The pandemic obviously had supply-related constraints for everybody. That was a real issue for us. Then we had a fire and strike, and you see the real results of that, and it was very, very difficult but we came through that. This is not a business that has been underinvested, right? But this is a business that will benefit from a focused management team. 1 focus will be -- the only focus will be how to drive these great brands in a category that is showing good recovery. The 1 focus of a new sales force will be these brands with the customers.  There are opportunities for productivity, for sure, for supply chain automation that we're already undergoing right now. And perhaps the best example I can give you, and there's many examples because we've studied these types of spins, where you talk about focus and taking a great collection of brands and focusing them with the management team.  And look at what we've done with Pringles. Pringles, when we took it over was not a brand that was growing. It was not a brand that was able to break through price points. And today, Pringles, you see in virtually all the big markets around the world, is growing double digits, right? So we are very confident in the cereal business going forward for all of these reasons, good category, great brands, focused management team and good examples of where it's worked in the past.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Nik. So we have studied, as I just mentioned, quite a number of spins. We've got an excellent set of outside advisers that have great experience in this that are working with us. And a number of things I'd say is it's very important to understand who has accountability for what and have the right project teams in place and the right work streams in place to really diligently work through all the work that has to happen.  And perhaps the most important -- it is the most important thing while you're going through this is to keep the focus on the business and the business momentum, and we have great business momentum. And with another thing we've learned is the most successful spins happen from a position of strength, not from a position where you're desperate or things have to happen to fix the business, but when they happen from a real position of strength because then you can unlock the underlying potential of those businesses.  And I think we've got great momentum, obviously a terrific quarter across the board. And so we're doing this from a position of strength. And we've got good accountabilities across the patch. You'll see us making announcements in the coming months about various things related to the spins and keeping that momentum on the existing business and having momentum towards the back half of next year when we'll execute the spins is very important, and we're entirely focused on it.
Steven Cahillane: So we'll be ready to make those announcements, we said, at the latest in the first quarter of 2023. We might be sooner than that. But when we're ready, we'll make those announcements. We'll make them internally first and then we'll share them with the outside world.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. So in terms of inventory, we did see replenishment of inventory in North America in cereal faster than we anticipated and somewhat in snacks as well, catching up to what had happened last quarter where consumption was ahead of shipments. And so on balance, when you put it all together, there's really kind of nothing to see here, except for the fact that retailer inventories are close to back to where they were in kind of pre-pandemic levels. Service levels are starting to get back to where we want them to be. Still work to be done, but broadly speaking, there's really not much of a story in shipments versus inventory on a year-to-date basis.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Steve. I guess it's hard to quantify exactly, but I'd say we're about 1/4, so say, 3 months ahead of schedule based on getting inventories where we want them to be and reinstating commercial activity. So as we look at the back half of the year, particularly in quarter 4, we'll be really back to normal in terms of through-the-line execution against all of our brands.  And what you see now, if you look at the syndicated data is the brands that got back to high levels of inventory first are doing the best and are driving the share recovery. And so we don't have a share forecast that -- we don't have 1 for the end of the year but we see good sequential recovery continuing, 400 basis points. So far, we see that continuing and we plan on exiting the year with very, very good momentum.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Steve, just from a category perspective, the category is doing very, very well. I talked about the affordability of cereal and that's -- and the versatility of it. That's clearly been a driver. If you look at just syndicated data on a year-to-date basis, year-to-date basis, the category is up almost 7%. In the quarter, it was up 9%. The last 4 weeks, it's up double digits. It's up like 15%, I think. And so you're seeing real strength in the category that is above what we expected.  And so obviously, we're playing catch-up already based on what happened with the fire and strike, and we're playing catch-up in a category that's accelerating. So it's really -- it's in a great place. It's better than we expected to be. And clearly, consumers are relying on cereal as their budgets are strapped.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. So Michael, we're not prepared to talk in detail about models around the 3 different businesses going forward. Suffice it to say though, we are laser-focused on dis-synergies. We're laser-focused on setting up these businesses for success. We understand where businesses have suffered from dis-synergies. And we also understand where businesses have benefited from doing the work required to set these businesses up for success and having the right scale and having the right level of executional focus for the different things that they need to do. So when we're further on in the process, we'll be releasing a lot more information about exactly what the stand-alone businesses will look like on a go-forward basis.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. So thanks, Cody. I think we've got a number of initiatives in place. We've got Cheez-It, which is now in Brazil and Canada and we're looking into Europe as well. We've got plans that we haven't talked about yet, but for some of our other brands like Rice Krispies Treats is an obvious one, and following in the Pringles path, which is obviously all around the world right now.  So we see great opportunity. It's one of the core elements of what we talk about in the Global Snacking business going forward. One of the big opportunities is global expansion of brands like Cheez-It and Pop-Tarts and Rice Krispies Treats. And so we don't have a lot of detail to share with you yet, but where we have it in Canada and Brazil, it has done very -- I'm talking about Cheez-It, has done exceptionally well ahead of our plan. And so it gives us good confidence that there is great potential there.  In many markets, you'll already find Pop-Tarts, for example, in many markets where it just -- it finds its way there and does very well. So as we build out those plans, it will be part of what [Technical Difficulty].
Steven Cahillane: Yes. And Cody, I would just add, always working on productivity as our first line of defense. But obviously, in an environment like this, productivity, it's very difficult to approach the type of inflationary levels we're seeing but always working with our retail partners as constructively, as collaboratively as we can to keep prices affordable and keep the consumer at the heart and soul of everything that we do.
Steven Cahillane: I wouldn't say it accelerates, Chris. It's quite high right now. And so I'd say you're going to see the same type of end market that you're seeing right now.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Chris, I'd say in Continental Europe, it's not back to historical levels but it's gradually approaching that. And it's unique to the continent. It's not in the U.K., nowhere near that in the United States. And so Continental Europe has obviously always been a different market. It's seeing inflation. And it never sees inflation. It's used to deflation. So I'd say it's not a good indicator of what might happen around the world, but it is happening in the continent, in Continental Europe, but principally Germany, Italy and Spain.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. I would just say thanks again for your interest. Thanks for your time. We certainly appreciate it. We're proud of the work that was done this quarter, the momentum that we have. And I'll close it out by thanking all of our associates around the world who made this happen. We really appreciate all of their efforts and wish you a very good day.
Amit Banati: Yes. So Ken, this is Amit here. So I think during the quarter, we saw strengthening in the dollar against most currencies, particularly the pound and the euro. So in the quarter, in quarter two, we saw an impact of about 3% to 4% across net sales, OP and EPS. Though you've got to remember, this was the toughest comp from -- our toughest quarter from a comp standpoint. I think for the full year, based on exchange rates today, I'd estimate it at around a 3% impact.
Amit Banati: Yes. So I think the remeasurement, that was triggered. It was technically triggered because of a number of retirees opting for a lump-sum pension payment. It increased to a point that triggered a remeasurement. So that's the reason why you're seeing why that remeasurement happened. And so I think -- so that's the reason why that happened. I think from a full year standpoint, I think you should see similar year-on-year decline, dollar declines as in the first half despite the comps are easier because we started seeing this trend in the second half of last year. So despite the easier comps, right, you're going to see a similar dollar and dollar declines in the second half as we saw in the first half.  And I think as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, this will continue to be a headwind into 2023 where if markets stay where they are right now, obviously, we're going to see significantly lower asset values as we head into '23. So at current market levels, this would be a headwind that would continue into '23.
Amit Banati: So we continue to look for gross inflation on input costs to be in the high teens for the full year. In fact, if anything, it's now towards the absolute top end of that range. So incorporated in our guidance is an acceleration -- a continued acceleration in inflation. I think while the spot rates have moved down in some commodities, we are largely hedged for 2022 so we're not going to see any benefit in 2022. It's important also to note that while they move down, the spot rates have moved down, they're significantly higher. They continue to be higher than our averages for this year. And so we'll continue to see and plan for inflation into '23.
Amit Banati: Yes, I think from a gross margin standpoint, I think maybe I'll start with the full year and then we can get into the quarters. So I think in our last call, we had talked of a projection of a 100 basis point decline year-on-year in gross profit margin. I think sitting here today, we continue to see that range as being where we are from a full year standpoint.  I think in quarter 3, we will see incremental pressure year-on-year. And I think really what's changed is the supply chain bottlenecks, we are continuing to see that. And while it's improved in a couple of areas, broadly, I would say that we continue to see widespread bottlenecks and disruptions. Our previous assumption was that would diminish in quarter 3. I think now, our current planning assumption is that's going to diminish in quarter 4. So quarter 3 would continue to see incremental pressure year-on-year but it will moderate.  And I think our trend from a margin standpoint, the year-on-year decrease in quarter 3 will still continue a trend of sequential moderation in declines, just less than what we had previously expected. And then I think obviously, in quarter four, we start lapping the fire and strike. So we expect our margins -- gross margins to be up year-on-year in quarter four. And overall, for the year, still at that 100 basis point decline that we had talked in our last call.
Amit Banati: So I'd say most of it was price. And I think without getting into the specifics of prospective pricing, like I said, we continue to plan for an inflationary environment and protect our margins in that environment through a whole suite of revenue growth management actions.
Amit Banati: It's in the -- it's -- normally, we'd operate at around 4% range, 3% to 4% range. But I mean, this year with the bottlenecks, it's probably a little lower than the -- than what's normal, but in that ballpark.
Amit Banati: We did, Jason. So I think it's both. I think there are two impacts that come through, right? One is a low asset base creates a lower expected return on assets, right? So the rate on -- the expected return on assets is unchanged but it's just on a lower asset base, so that generates a lower pension income.  I think the other thing that we've done is we've updated the interest charge that flows through the P&L on your liabilities. So while your liabilities have gone down with a higher discount rate, the charge that you take for the year has gone up because of the higher interest cost. So we've done both, and both of those are reflected in our outlook.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think if you look at Keebler, right, in the end, and if you look at our '21 results and you look at where our overheads are, I think the teams and the organization did a terrific job working through the stranded costs. And so I think as you look back on our results, we worked those stranded costs through the system, and there was a lot of work to make that happen. So as we embark on this spin, I think we're very mindful of the challenge.  No question, our businesses are well integrated. And so as we -- and there are entanglements. But I think to the point that Steve was making, as we work on the separation, we are very mindful as well of stranded costs and program and having the necessary programs in place to address them over time.
Amit Banati: And the only thing I'd add is we've had multiple rounds of pricing around the world. And so I think we've been reacting to what we are seeing on commodities and input costs. As Steve said, we've got productivity programs in place so we've been through multiple rounds.
