John A. Bryant: Thanks, Simon, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased that the results we announced this morning are in line with our expectations and the guidance we gave last quarter. In fact, total internal revenue growth for the quarter was in the middle of the 2% to 3% range we expect for the full year and represented an improvement from the results we posted in the first quarter. Importantly, we saw improvement in overall revenue trends in both the North American and international businesses, with the North American business posting both good revenue and operating profit growth. So we do feel much better about this performance and some of the traction we've achieved from actions taken in recent months. I'll speak more about this later. The operating profit results also improved in the second quarter, although less dramatically than sales. As we told you last quarter, we expected that Europe's profit would decline at about the same rate in the second quarter as it did in the first quarter. This turned out to be the case. As you know, economic conditions in Europe continue to be difficult, but we're optimistic that we've begun to take the right actions across the region and that we will see further improvement. So we have additional visibility because of the results we posted in the second quarter, and we are maintaining our outlook for the full year across the P&L. We're actively executing the strategy we outlined to you earlier this year. We are a global cereal and a U.S. snack company. We're building a global snack business, and the addition of Pringles is an important part of that. So let me talk a bit more about Pringles and Slide 4. The integration is progressing well. Just as a reminder, this was a carve-out, not a straight acquisition, and was far more complicated as a result. So we're pleased that the transition is going so smoothly. Our Pringles team and the existing Kellogg teams are working very well together, and we anticipate that we will be able to discontinue our transition services with Procter & Gamble on schedule. We now have improved visibility into both the company's operations and the annual synergies that we expect to realize. We remain very comfortable that ongoing annual synergies will be in the $50 million to $75 million range we discussed with you previously. And finally, we're seeing good sales early in the third quarter and are starting to leverage Pringles through cross display and marketing activities. It is also important to note that our customers around the world have a lot of confidence in the brand, and just like us, are optimistic regarding its potential. And with that, I'll turn it over to Ron.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Ron. Slide 13 shows the internal revenue growth posted by Kellogg North America and Kellogg International in the quarter. Both results represent a significant improvement from their performance in the first quarter. Revenue growth in North America was 4%. That was declined by 1% in our International business, mostly due to the results we expected in Europe. Slide 14 shows the U.S. business broken out by segment. As you can see, each of the segments posted growth in the quarter. U.S. Morning Foods and Kashi posted growth of 1.2%. Cereal sales and share declined slightly, as we were lapping a double-digit sales growth at almost 1.5 of share gains in the second quarter of last year. So the performance was good, considering that we proactively chose to lower incremental spending during the period and we've all seen that we posted good share growth in more recent data. The contribution from innovation has also been good, with Krave cereal continuing to do very well at 1 share point. The Pop-Tarts business had a great quarter, posting a strong sales growth, and we had a very favorable response to the reintroduction of the Crazy Good advertising campaign. And the Kashi business posted good sales growth, including the Bear Naked brand, which contributed -- which continued to post very strong growth as a result of innovation and increased levels of distribution. U.S. Specialty segment posted internal revenue growth of 6.3%. This was a result of strong innovation, particularly Special K Cracker Chips, which are off to a great start in these channels. Also, we saw double-digit growth and good share performance in the Convenience channel and increased sales of Frozen Foods. The North America Other segment, which is comprised of the Frozen Food and Canadian businesses, also had a great quarter. Frozen Foods had another strong quarter, posting high single-digit revenue growth off a difficult comparison. In fact, our Frozen Foods business is the fastest-growing, large Frozen Foods business in the U.S. over the last 52-week period, as measured by Nielsen. The innovation we've launched is doing well in all the categories, and Eggo Thick & Fluffy waffles posted strong double-digit growth in their second year. And we've got Special K flatbread breakfast sandwiches and vanilla Eggo waffles planned for introduction. Veggie Foods is responding to activity that started late in the quarter, and we're seeing strong growth in recent measured channel data. And the Canadian business also posted strong revenue growth. Innovations are doing well in Canada, especially Special K Cracker Chips, which are off to a very strong start. Now if you'll turn to Slide 15, you'll see just some of the innovation that has either been launched this year or that will be launched in the second half. The purpose of this is to give you some idea of the magnitude of the activity and look at some of the great new products that we've launched. Remember that corporate-wide, we've launched approximately $600 million of innovation in 2010. This grew to approximately $800 million in 2011, and are on course to introduced innovation of $900 million in 2012. That's sort of activity, but we know that this is essential to our future growth. Now, I'm pleased to introduce Todd Penegor, the President of our U.S. Snacks business. As Simon said at the beginning of the call, we intend to highlight one business on these calls from time to time. Given the acquisition of Pringles and the importance of snacks to our plans for future growth, we want to take this opportunity to have Todd talk more about our single largest business unit, U.S. Snacks.
John A. Bryant: Thank you, Todd. Now if you'll turn to Slide 29, you'll see some detail regarding our International businesses. Sales performance posted by our European business in the second quarter was better than we saw in the first quarter. The U.K. business also declined much less than it did in Q1 as some of our commercial plans and pricing actions started to gain traction. We have new Special K and Crunchy Nut advertising on-air. We have launched new Special K Biscuit Moments, and Nutri-Grain Breakfast Biscuits are going into the market. This is a growing category, and we see potential in this great new product. More broadly, we've got new ads on the air for most of our major brands, and we've relaunched Special K in both Italy and Spain, like we did last year in Mexico, where we saw very good sales growth as a result. We feel better about the second half because of all this activity and because of other innovations we have planned. However, as you've heard from other companies, the continent continues to be a challenge given the economic environment. Southern Europe in particular, is difficult, and we are taking action in the region and we're watching developments closely. Quarterly net sales results in Asia Pacific were impacted by lower retail inventories and a difficult competitive environment in Australia, as retailers decreased their inventories around their fiscal year end. Australia is a developed market and has issues similar to other developed markets. However, the third quarter is off to a better start, and we have stronger activity planned for the second half. In addition, we saw good growth in Southeast Asia, China and India, and we expect better growth across the region in the second half of the year as we have more activity planned, including a significant amount of brand building. Sales in Latin America increased by almost 7% as a result of strong pricing and double-digit growth in certain countries. We increased brand building at a double-digit rate in Q2 and are also planning for a double-digit increase across the balance of the year. So we expect continued good revenue growth in Latin America this year because of this investment and because of innovations such as Special K Crisps and Special K Cracker Chips, which are similar to the ones you are familiar with in the U.S. Like in other places around the world, this launch is off to a very strong start. In conclusion, I'd like to say that we have increased visibility into our International business for the balance of the year. We're taking actions across the regions, some of them significant, and we're starting to see improvement. We remain very focused, and we are excited about the opportunities we see in the second half of the year and into 2013. Now let's turn to Slide 30 and the summary. We're pleased that our second quarter performance improved from the first quarter of the year. The North American business posted internal growth in both sales and operating profit. We've done a lot of work in these businesses, and we're encouraged by the improvement. And we're excited about the prospects for the second half. The International business also posted improved performance, as some of the actions that we have taken have started to make a difference. We expect that this activity will drive performance that continues to improve as we progress through the second half. And because of this, we have additional visibility into our outlook for the year. We plan to continue investing in our model because we know that it is the right way to run our business. Investment in our brands and strong innovation are what drives our results, and we're excited about both what we have planned for the remainder of this year and the longer-term prospects for the business. We compete in great categories, and we have new strong growth opportunities in our Pringles business. Finally, I'd just like to thank Kellogg's employees for all their hard work. I'd also like to welcome the new employees coming to the family as a result of the Pringles acquisition. And with that, I'll open up for questions.
John A. Bryant: Well, I think as we said back on the first quarter call, we've been disappointed by our start in Europe. I think to your point, Jason, we are seeing much better progress in the second quarter, and our second quarter results were in line with our expectations -- the expectations we gave you coming out of that first quarter call. We have seen improvement in the U.K. and France. Having said that, Southern Europe, particularly Spain and Italy, have been a bit softer than we would like, and that just reflects the tough environment in that part of the world. To give you a sense of some of the actions that we've taken, in the U.K. we have new cereal innovation coming out, with line extensions on All-Bran, Crunchy Nut and Krave. In the U.K. we have Special K Biscuit Moments launching in June. And in Spain and Italy, we're actually relaunching Special K, which is our biggest brand there, similar to what we did in Latin America last year, where we saw a very good response from that program. And across the region, we have new proven copy behind major brands, and we've improved some price points in some critical brands in some major markets. So I think we are making some good progress, and it's coming through in a better result in Q2 than Q1.
John A. Bryant: Coming into the year, Pringles had a strategy in some parts of Western Europe to reduce their reliance on some of those markets. And some of those markets are down; others are up. So it's a bit of a mixed story across the continent.
John A. Bryant: We remain excited about the long- term potential of cereal in the U.S. We see it as a low-single-digit growth category, and in the second quarter, it was flat to up 1%. So at the lower end of the range that we'd like to be operating in, but not that far out of that range. And the reason we believe it has long-term potential, obviously, is the aging population, health and wellness considerations, and we know it's a category driven by brand building and innovation. Within the cereal category in the second quarter, we were down about 1% in the U.S. but lapping a 13% growth last year. And so our share did drop down about 50 basis points, but we began lapping a 140-basis-point gain in the year-ago period. And within the category, we're actually seeing very stable base sales performance. And where the category is losing a little bit of volume is on the incremental side. I think that reflects some of the actions taken in the area of pricing through the year. But I think longer term, what's going to drive this category is going to be more innovation and more brand building. And if you look across our back half plans, we have a much heavier brand-building investment in the back half of the year, and we have new innovation like Special K Protein coming out in the back half. And if there's one thing we are seeing in general, it's a little bit of protein seeking going on, whether it be Greek yogurt or eggs or similar sort of items. And so we believe that we can play into that, even through cereal. So we're comfortable with where the cereal business is. It's improving as we go through the year. We see a better back half, and we believe it has good long-term growth prospects.
John A. Bryant: Then, David, I'd like to say that the investments are having a tremendous payoff for us. And I really do believe it was absolutely the right thing to do. We've turned the corner with our supply chain. We're having a much, much better 2012. And those investments will enable us to continue to drive our business forward, to continue to grow the business over time. So I really feel like we -- it's been absolutely the right thing and it's made tremendous progress in our supply chain.
John A. Bryant: I think it has to do with just the stability of the supply chain and the overall performance of the supply chain. If you went back over the last 3 to 4 years, unfortunately we've had a number of events that have adversely affected our company. As we went into the back half of last year, we really took the business apart, making sure we were getting down to the root causes, understanding the issues and resolving them. And as we've gone through this year, we'd have a much, much better performance out of our supply chain as a result.
John A. Bryant: Matthew, we really cannot talk about prospective pricing. I want to get back to what Ron said. We buy a lot of different items, of which grains are just one. So we might have some inflation on that particular item but we have some other items that are not inflationary. We as a company and as an industry, are driving tremendous productivity to try to help offset our need to take pricing as much as possible, and I'm sure that will continue to be the approach of the company and the industry in general. So this is one more thing for us to manage our way through, and we'll talk about our 2013 outlook at the end of the year.
John A. Bryant: Yes. If you look at the brand building investment in the back half of the year, it's going to go disproportionately against where we believe our longer-term growth is in the company. So Asia Pacific and Latin America are going to receive more brand building in the back half of the year. We have very exciting long-term growth plans there. And then to your question on Latin America specifically, I think we do have an opportunity to improve our volume performance in Latin America over time. In the second quarter, and even a little bit in the third quarter, you will see some trade inventory coming out of the Latin American business as we work down those inventories that did have a little bit of an impact on the Q2 volume performance.
John A. Bryant: Primarily cereal, as well as probably starting to open up the brand building on Pringles over time as well. I think one of our challenges or opportunities on Pringles is just to get additional capacity on line. We have a lot of growth potential, and as Todd said, we have a very excited U.S. Snack organization. One of our challenges is to open up more capacity so we can drive that business even harder.
John A. Bryant: Well, I think we do have an opportunity to drive revenue synergies in Pringles. Day one, as Todd mentioned in the U.S., we are bolting on the Pringles to the in-store execution within our U.S. business. And so we're seeing some early response from that. And to enable us to supply those initiatives, we're going back [Audio Gap] our facilities and challenging the mix and challenging the opportunity to get more volume out of the current network. Going forward, though, we need to add to that network, and it's going to take us a year or so to get that capacity on line so we can really drive the business even harder.
John A. Bryant: Alexia, if you look forward over the next 10 years, we'd like to see more balanced profile for Latin America. We continue to have growth opportunities in Mexico, but we believe we have even stronger growth opportunities in the Southern Cone and in Brazil, in particular. We are the category leader in Brazil, and the category is growing strong double-digits, as are we. And we are actually investing more in Brazil this year. In fact, we will probably see more of that come through in the back half of the year. And we also believe that Pringles represents a long-term opportunity in Brazil as well.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, Greg. This is Ron. It is possible that we'll be back in the market. We'll obviously look at all of our options here, including a CP, as well as longer-term debt.
Ronald L. Dissinger: We haven't communicated a specific balance that we're targeting by year end. What we have said is that we like our BBB+ credit-rating, and we're working to maintain that rating by paying down our debt and strengthening our balance sheet.
Ronald L. Dissinger: We're not necessarily lowering the constant currency guidance. Our base or core EPS remains exactly the same. We've got $0.02 of headwind of currency.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Pringles will benefit our tax rate over the longer term based on the tax-efficient structures that are in place, Eric. What we recognized in the second quarter was a one-time benefit associated with the liability that we adjusted in relation to International earnings. We previously expected we might repatriate those International earnings. Now as a result of a debt that we have overseas, we'll use that cash to pay down the debt. So we made this one-time adjustment to that liability and picked up $0.04 of earnings per share benefit.
Ronald L. Dissinger: That's exactly right, Eric. So it's got the integration costs embedded, which are a headwind. It's got the benefit of this -- it's a transactional foreign exchange item of $0.03. And then it's got $0.04 of benefit related to tax.
Ronald L. Dissinger: So for 2012, we did have some grains purchased or hedges in place. We did see a little bit of exposure in the back part of the year but we've been able to manage that, Ken, and still stay within our guidance and total cost inflation expectations.
Ronald L. Dissinger: We do expect inflation in 2013. Keep in mind, we buy $5 billion worth of commodity packaging and energy across our business. The grains are a relatively small portion of that overall purchase. But yes, we do expect some inflation next year.
Ronald L. Dissinger: It's very consistent with what we've communicated before, Dave. And yes, $100 million is still our expectation for spending in 2012 because we're lapping the investment we made primarily in the back half of last year. We're seeing headwinds in the front half of this year. And then we'll see a benefit in the back half of 2012.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes. In terms of the inventory reductions, we will still see some inventory coming out over the back half of the year. So we'll have some adverse impact there. In terms of getting into the exact inventory for Pringles and what our balance sheet is, I'd rather not go into that level of detail.
Todd Penegor: And in the U.S., it's -- the integration is also going very smooth. We haven't skipped a beat. Period 6 came in on expectations, and we're off to a solid start here in Period 7. Really excited about the opportunity to leverage our in-store presence to drive even bigger partnerships and in-store displays. And we're securing the right talent to ensure our success going forward. So feel very, very good at the moment.
Todd Penegor: Good question, Jonathan. We have a very efficient distribution model already in place for Pringles. So the key is for us to continue to drive that efficiency to get it to the back of the store. The opportunity then is how do we leverage all of our great in-store presence to drive incremental merchandising, like bundling some of our bigger programs to make it even better. And you’re already seeing examples of that right now with the back-to-school program. And you saw the picture in the deck with the Pringles being integrated into our school bus program. So we're getting it up on display and leveraging the in-store sales force.
Todd Penegor: That's right. And we don't have an intention to actually change the way we get it to the back of the store.
Todd Penegor: A similar footprint. I think the biggest opportunity that we see is Pringles acts a lot like Cheez-It, when you look at lift-top display. And what we want to do is just continue to drive the display element of it. It's got a different shelf life, so we've got more opportunity to grab inventory to pull from the back of the store and get it up into our bigger and better and integrated promotions going forward.
