Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question, David. I want to make sure I understand the question. But in terms of reinvesting in the business, we are certainly investing in brand building. There's no question about that. We're investing in innovation and we're investing in capacity. And so we are obviously coming out of the pandemic and the supply disruptions, the bottlenecks and shortages as so many other companies are, and we're investing for growth. And you see that, you see that in our upgraded guidance for the topline, you see that in the better service levels that we're delivering to our customers, you see that in Pringles expansion around the world, which requires CapEx. And so it's really in those main areas. And again, if I understood the question, that's essentially where we're looking to deploy those resources.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. I see, David. So I have heard some of the commentary around promotions and so forth, but brand building is up, innovation is up. And this notion that merchandising is returning to pre-pandemic levels. We're not quite there yet, but it's improving. And remember, merchandising, which some see is one element of the outcome of price promotion, get your product out on the floor, gets your consumers interrupted in their shopping patterns and we see it as a good thing. In terms of just going forward in innovation, the bar of innovation, I've said this in the past, has clearly gone up as SKU counts went down during the pandemic. So that's been raised. And we are very pleased with our topline performance. We're pleased with our ability to raise that guidance. And we're pleased with our margins where they are in the recovery in margins. So all that being said, I think the environment is a good environment. It's an environment that we're being successful in, we're being competitive in. And I think it's a positive environment as we look into the future.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question, Andrew. I love some of the words you used in their normal and predictable and soft landing. Clearly, we've come through the last three-plus years in facing all these unprecedented challenges. We said as Kellogg that we would exit the pandemic a stronger company. And many of our competitors said the same thing, and we certainly have. And I think that puts us and the industry in a good position to actually come into this next kind of era, if you like, in a much stronger fashion without some of the disruptions and challenges that you alluded to. I mentioned to David in the earlier comment, the BARDA innovation has been raised. That is unquestionable. There is no question that innovations have to be better. They have to be performing right out of the gate. Shelf space is more valuable than it's ever been today in my years in the business, supply chains have had to become more agile. There's no question about that. Our supply chains have all been challenged to the degree they never have before. They've become more agile, but they've also used and utilized new technologies. We're deploying technologies like artificial intelligence, machine learning. We're getting better and better at predictive really end-to-end. The relationships with our customers, I think, again, during the pandemic, it was about how do we serve our consumers, our joint consumers in ways that we never had to face before. We had all sorts of challenges with respect to that. But now supply chains have come through stronger as well and the relationships with consumers, I think, are more end-to-end than they've ever been before. And so looking to eliminate friction is something that we talk to our customers all the time about joint business plans start with how do you eliminate waste end to end, how do you grow the size of the prize, while we serve the common consumer. And I guess the final thing I'd say is the whole world of marketing has changed like it never has before. The true promise of one-to-one marketing that we've been talking about for so many years is upon us with data and analytics, more sophisticated than they've ever been, first-party data, more robust and more available than it's ever been to really target consumers in a way that marketers have dreamed up for years. And so you put all these things together, and it's not 1987 anymore. I think it is a really – it's not to be too rosy about it, but it's a new morning and it's, I think, a very, very promising outlook as we look towards how our industry and how Kellogg will perform in the future, we're very optimistic about the future for all of those reasons.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Ken. I'd start with overall very positively disposed to our results in Latin America. When you look at the disruption and you look at from a macroeconomic standpoint and all the things that are challenging in emerging markets in general, Latin America has been a pretty kind of steady place to be for the last several years up until about two years ago where we started to see a return to some of the macroeconomic challenges, the geopolitical challenges and so forth. So with that, we're very pleased with our performance. But we are seeing a rise in elasticity in Latin America. And that's no surprise. You see very high price increases to overcome the input cost inflation, and it's worsened by transactional ForEx over the past several quarters as well. It's been most pronounced in cereal, but we continue to perform well in cereal, in Mexico, especially big cereal business. And then when you look at our Pringles business in key markets, doing very well. Obviously, we added some capacity a couple of years ago in Brazil, put some lines of Pringles in. Pringles continues to perform very well in Latin America. So our outlook for Latin America remains strong, we're pleased with the performance there, but it's obviously an emerging market. So it comes with some volatility.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Alexia. I'll start, and Amit may want to add. And so volume was clearly better. And if you look at it compared to historical elasticities, it's better everywhere. There's no question about that. And that's not unexpected in a world where inflation is across the board, right? So it's all relative, and you have to think about the relativity of our categories versus more discretionary categories. Having said that, very good performance in North America relative to historical elasticities, very strong performance in EMEA relative to elasticities. I talked about Latin America, where we had elasticities rising a bit more, Europe, you see a lot of noise in there based on Russia and so forth, but a little bit more elasticity there. And so across the board, very good performance, standout performance in North America and EMEA relative to overperforming versus elasticities. When we think about the back half of the year, the remainder of the year, we are prudently assuming that elasticities start to increase and approach not quite historical levels, but on a march towards historical levels. And we think that's just a smart planning assumption. We'll see how it unfolds.
Steven Cahillane: Steve, maybe if it's helpful. As you look at syndicated data, you can look at the North American cereal business, and you see a lot there. And then as Amit said, 85% of the business is Kellanova. You look at the EMEA results, you look at the Europe and look at North America snacks, you can probably get a pretty good sense of what that looks like.
Steven Cahillane: Yes, Pam. So what we're seeing in Europe is, as I mentioned earlier, a little bit more elasticity a little bit more channel shifting than we're seeing in some of the others. Obviously, a big impact on Russia, which obviously, we stopped shipping in Russia and we're divesting the business in Russia. But getting back to Continental Europe, shoppers are doing some channel shifting, as I just mentioned, hard discounters, clearly growing their businesses. That has a disproportionate benefit to private label. Within our portfolios, we're seeing a little bit more. And these are modest coming from small bases, but a little bit more private label growth in Europe, in Europe, cereal than we would be in the rest of the world. So no surprises. Europe is a challenging environment. But again, our results in that challenging environment are something that we're very proud of, very proud of the way the team has delivered. And as we said in our prepared remarks, when you strip out the effect of Russia, you see even better performance there. So one to watch, but one that we're – we've got very, very good plans in place for the back half of the year and even indeed into next year.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. So Max, I'll start, and again, Amit can add. I'd say the easy answer – the short answer to that question is supply constraints, bottleneck shortages are improving almost everywhere. And so everything from the driver shortages that we talked about, the ocean freight shortages, containers being in the wrong place at the wrong time. All these things that only a year ago, the entire industry was struggling with had become much more normalized. We still have the odd shortages, inventory not being in the right place from some of our suppliers. But I mean literally, every day, it's getting better. We talked – I know a couple of times on these calls, about a control tower approach that we took and things that were elevated to the top of the control tower, if you like, that took manual interventions to get done, those are down dramatically. So the type of automation and the type of supply chain that we had before the pandemic is much closer to being real today than it was. We're not back to just-in-time inventories. We're not back to where we were. I don't think anybody is. But we're much closer and the outlook going forward continues to be one – definitely much more of optimism than what we saw up to this point. In the second half of the year, we see continued improvement.
Amit Banati: Sure. So I think if you look at cost came in largely in line with expectations from a commodity standpoint. I think our outlook for the year continues to be mid-teens inflation. So no significant change than what we had talked in our last call. Certainly, there are some movement in some commodities. But like we've talked previously, we obviously have a hedging program. So some of that would flow through as hedges roll across. Very pleased with the performance in the first quarter. I mean if you look at our gross profit dollars, they were up 16% on a currency-neutral basis, so strong double-digit growth in our gross profit dollars. No question aided by the fire and strike in quarter one. But even if you look at it from a full-year standpoint, I think based on our quarter one performance, we are now saying that our gross profit dollars would be slightly ahead of our net sales growth. So we had talked previously of flattish gross margins for the year. I think based on what we're seeing right now, we expect our gross margins to be up slightly for the year.
Amit Banati: I think the lap – I'd say, overall, it's in the mid-teens inflation. I think the lap would moderate in the second half because that's when we saw commodities kept going up last year. So you'll start lapping that in the second half. So the year-on-year moderation will certainly be more back half weighted.
Amit Banati: Yes. I'd say, Steve, we've got great momentum in both businesses. I think you've seen the results of Kellanova, good broad-based growth across all our categories, both in the U.S., internationally and across our categories as well. I think North America cereal, we're very pleased with the recovery that we are seeing there from a share standpoint, and that would continue to be the focus for the rest of the year. So there's good momentum across both the businesses.
Amit Banati: Yes. We don't have that, Steve. So I think what we'll do is probably in the Investor Day, we'll probably give you a lot more details of each of the two businesses. I mean, obviously, Kellanova is about 85%. So the 6% to 7% that we're talking for the overall companies being driven by Kellanova. And I think like on North America cereal, what you saw in the first quarter, we were clearly lapping the fire and strike. So the double-digit growth was lapping that. You'd expect that to normalize as we go through the course of the year.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think like we talked earlier in the call and in the prepared remarks, obviously, very pleased with the Q1 over delivery. I think it's still early in the year. We talked a little bit about being prudent on our elasticity assumptions and price elasticity assumptions for the rest of the year. We're being prudent from a separation and spin standpoint, Steve talked a little bit about building into the guidance some of the costs associated with the spin in quarter three. So I think it's a balance of being prudent on our volume assumptions and our elasticity assumptions for the year. And it's early in the year, but obviously, very pleased with the underlying momentum in the business and the strong start.
Amit Banati: The only thing I'd add is we're seeing that flow through into the P&L. And I think that was one of the drivers of the improved margin performance in quarter one. And certainly, the reason why we have confidence in raising our guidance for gross margin.
Amit Banati: Yes. So we're making good progress on the TSAs of the transitionary service agreements across a number of areas, and we're putting those into place. I mean these TSAs cover areas like IT services, global shared services, transportation, logistics. So those will be the bulk of the transitionary service agreements. They are varying in nature and from a timing standpoint, but could extend up to two years. And obviously, that provides a stability, business continuity as well as helps offset the dis-synergies and gives both organizations time to address and put in place the right long-term structures appropriate for their businesses. So that's kind of where we are.
Amit Banati: Yes. So we're pleased with the overall level of spending. And we'd expect it to be up, overall SG&A to be up similar to what it was up last year, low single-digit rates. I think within the year, obviously, there's a lot of phasing. If you recall, last year, we had pulled back in the first quarter. And then even in the second quarter, as we were restoring supply on the U.S. cereal business. This year, obviously, we've got a full commercial plan. And so I think in the quarter, we were up double-digit against a low base, I think you'll see that reverse out in the rest of the year. But overall, when you kind of look at it and if you put aside the noise of the lap of the fire and the strike, we're very pleased with the levels of investment. As Steve mentioned, we're investing across the world, both in our brands as well as in innovation, and we're pleased with the levels of spend that we have.
Stephen Powers: Great. Hey. Thanks, and good morning. I was actually going to ask a very similar question to the one that the Jason answer or asked. I think you answered that one pretty clearly. I guess the only thing I'd tack on to it maybe is you mentioned you cited that both Kellanova and WK Kellogg pro forma grew low-double digits in the quarter, and I realize you're constrained by giving us too much detail. But just given that disclosure, and I'm thinking about – as I think about the 6% to 7% full-year organic growth guide, is there any way you can frame us a little bit about how you expect those two businesses to be contributing to that 6% to 7% on the year so we can get a little sense of expected momentum as we go into the new regime. Thank you.
Stephen Powers: Sorry, I was on mute. Yes. Thanks. I guess, if there's any way to provide a little bit of quantification around sort of the contribution of each of those businesses to that 6% to 7% on the year, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Stephen Powers: Yes. No, I think that's all fair. I was just looking to see if you had, if you, I get it. Thank you very much.
