John Bryant: Thank you, Ron.2011 is a year of building our momentum. And with our first quarter results, we're off to a solid start to the year. We see positive signs with strong end market performance across many regions. In the U.S., we have increased share in most of our categories. This performance reflects the importance of a strong innovation pipeline and effective brand building to drive top line growth.  I am confident that through continued investment and innovation and brand building, we will continue to regain momentum in 2011 and beyond. We are well positioned to grow our internal net sales at approximately 4% and to deliver our 2011 operating profit and EPS guidance, and to reach our ongoing goal of delivering long-term sustainable growth to our share owners. I'd like to thank our 31,000 employees whose continued dedication is enabling us to achieve this goal. I'd now like to open up for questions.
John Bryant: Here's how we think about volume. We're expecting it to be sort of largely flat, maybe down a little bit for the year. And the first quarter was a great start. We have volume growth of 1.8%. We had strong innovation, and you can see the benefit of innovation coming through in the volume performance in the first quarter. However, we had relatively limited amount of our price mix benefit in Q1, only 130 basis points. And our same price mix is in the high end of the 300 to 400 basis point range. So clearly, there's a large amount of price mix that's built into the expectation for Q2 through Q4. And that's going -- we expect that to have an adverse impact on volume. This is the line of our P&L which is probably the most difficult for us to predict. Clearly, the innovation's having a very positive impact, but we do expect some price elasticity and some adverse impact on volume from the higher price mix performance in the back half of the year.
John Bryant: I think as you look at the consumer acceptance on our pricing, first, we step back. The retailers have accepted the pricing that we're putting through since pulling into the market. It's not fully in place in the first quarter because we took pricing throughout the first quarter, and of course there's some element of price protection for deals that had already being negotiated before the pricing went into place. So the pricing is moving through. We expect there to be some adverse consumer reaction just because there’s a segment of population is under pressure. At the same time, there’s a segment of the consumer population that’s doing quite well, and we see that in the growth of Kashi cereal. So as we look at this year, we're being cautious in our volume expectation. I don't want to get into 2012 volume forecasting, but if you look over the long term, we expect our growth to be roughly 1/3 from volume, 1/3 from price, 1/3 from mix over time.
John Bryant: I think the guidance we've given here is the right guidance. I don't think we're giving guidance here that we think is conservative or we're going to beat; and therefore, reinvest. If you look at our first quarter, the delivery of $1 of EPS in the first quarter is broadly speaking 29% of the full year EPS guidance. And that is right in line with the 5-year historical average of about 29% percent of our EPS coming out of the first quarter. So I feel like Q1 is on track with our full year expectations. If we do get an opportunity to overdeliver and reinvest, that's likely to be in the areas of brand building to continue to drive the top line momentum as we go into 2012 and beyond.
John Bryant: Well, I think we're seeing improved performance from the non-major channels. If you look at say club and dollar, there's some good growth going on in those channels. If you think back historically, when we talked about non-major channels, and let’s take the Cereal category as an example, we would have said you'd add 200 to 300 basis points of growth to the major channels to get to a total category performance. I would suspect right now you're adding about 90 basis points of growth or 1% of growth to the major channels to get the total category performance. So the non-major channels last year were a bit of a drag this year. They're growing a little bit faster but not as fast as they were, say, 3 or 4 years ago.
John Bryant: Okay. As we look at Europe, as you said, U.K. is a tough market right now. And there's a couple of things going on in there. One is the Cereal category in the U.K. as we said in the prepared remarks is flat and our consumption is down slightly. We do have good innovation in the U.K. and we do expect the trends to improve as we go through the year, but it’ll take time to get us there. Also, in the U.K., we have about 20% of our U.K. business in the Snacks category, and that business has actually recently moved to the biscuit aisle, and that's disrupted that business to a degree. So we have to take some time to work through that. So it's not just cereals, there’s also some issues in snacks in the U.K. On the positive side, we are seeing some green shoots, if you like, in Continental Europe. As I said before, the French consumption is up about 6%. We saw some slight consumption growth in Italy and gained nearly a share point there. Having said that, Spain remains very difficult. So it's a bit of a mixed component coming out of Continental Europe. And we saw some good growth in Russia, some double-digit growth in Russia in the quarter as well. In terms of pricing in Europe, Europe is one of the more difficult parts of the word to execute pricing. We have executed our 2011 pricing actions in Europe. So we've gone through the retailers, and that's now flowing into the consumer environment.
John Bryant: I think so. I think there's a macro element, and then from a Kellogg-specific issue, I’d say the snacks moving into the biscuit aisle in the U.K. is a little bit specific us. But beyond that, it is more macro consumer concern.
John Bryant: I think Crunchy Nut is doing very well. It still in the first quarter. It's got about 0.6 share and it's at or above our launch expectation. So we're very happy with the performance of Crunchy Nut.
John Bryant: I think it's very difficult to get what the real elasticity number is going to be. We have obviously a series of very complicated models to help us model out the elasticity, and we tend to give it quite frankly a haircut of what those models tell us. If you try and get a sense of how much elasticity is out there, we're not seeing very much to date. So the first quarter, we do have some price mix, we had, within U.S. Cereal our promoted price points were up 6% in the first quarter, and yet we continue to get good merchandising support and the business continued to do well. If you look, say, at another proxy around sensitivity to price, is private label doing well, were private labels down in share U.S. Cereal. It's down on all the international markets. It's moving up or down by 10, 20 basis points in some of the snack categories. So as we look at the consumer elasticity with certain expectation out there for the past 3 quarters of the year that as we sit coming through the first quarter, we're not really seeing a whole lot of elasticity yet.
John Bryant: I think 60% is probably a bit higher than what you would normally do. But certainly our innovation, we're an innovation-intensive company. We normally over-index on innovation. So I think Cereal is a little heavier than normal. I'd probably go back over to some of the snacks categories in the U.S. where we really had very strong innovation and significantly out index what we have done historically and maybe even -- that's probably even true in some of the Frozen Foods elements as well.
John Bryant: Terry, you're right. We are picking up distribution gains in a variety of places in the business. I think what's driving that is actually the strong innovation pipeline and retailers wanting to support the innovation. Retail is looking at that business and recognizing that to drive that business they need to bring news to the category, news to the consumers and put that out in front of their consumers, and so they are actively and aggressively seeking new ideas and then supporting them when we bring them to the retailers.
John Bryant: I think you see -- if you look in the first quarter, as we said in the prepared remarks, our consumption was up slightly. We gained some share in Australia, so we're happy with our end market performance. But our shipments did lag the end market performance and that did pull down the segment results for Asia Pacific. There's no question that the retail environment in Australia right now is very complicated and it is I guess a degree of risk as you look into the future because of that interaction between those retailers. We're trying to navigate that as best we can.
John Bryant: Yes, I think the price elasticity is probably a little bit less than 1:1. And that's kind of what's built into our expectations. If you think about what is embedded in our outlook here, in the first quarter, we had positive price mix of 130 basis points. And we're expecting, let's call it 400 basis points out for the full year, so towards the high end of our 300 to 400 basis points range. That implies that the run rate of price mix is going to improve quite a lot, and our volume would be down slightly. So it almost imply like a 2/3, a 0.6, 0.7-type price elasticity is what's built into our outlook. As I said earlier in answering Andrew's question, we're not seeing a lot of elasticity just yet, but that's what's built into our outlook.
John Bryant: David, the way we look at it is we are in a long-term upward trend on cost of goods. The supply of grains has been relatively limited, the demand for grains is increasing, whether it be ethanol production or whether it be emerging market consumption, or direct grains or meat-based products. And the result of that is you're going to see increased prices for grains over time. And so we would look at 2012 and say, yes, it's probably going to be inflationary. How inflationary, we have to wait and see where all the supply demand shakes out and where the prices shake out.
John Bryant: I think if you look at the distribution gains we are seeing some level of incrementality from the new products from a shelf perspective. It's never 100% incremental and there's always some in and some out at the same time, but probably more incremental than normal given, to your point, the SKU rationalization that we executed last year. And then we think about the incrementality of the $800 million, the key there is when you do the innovation to innovate into areas that are going to bring new consumers into the category, as opposed as you switch consumers around. And we think that the add-on orientation of products like Crunchy Nut, the direct taste orientation of those products really will help us bring new consumers into the category. So we believe our goal is to make the innovation, not just larger, but more incremental over time and time will tell to see how well that works.
John Bryant: That restructuring was in our Russian business unit in Europe. We closed one of the facilities, one of the manufacturing facilities in Russia. We have six facilities. That's one of six. We continue to be excited about the Russian business. It’s achieved double-digit growth in the first quarter, strong growth in Cereal just below 20% and so high single digit growth in Snacks as well. So we feel like we're well-positioned long-term in Cereal and in Snacks in Russia. And I would see that restructuring is just an opportunity to improve the profitability of the business so we can continue to reinvest in the business and gain long-term momentum in Europe.
John Bryant: It's always difficult when you get into emerging markets and how much of the portfolio is there. So we look at Latin America and say obviously, all of that region for us is emerging markets. You take Asia Pacific and just take Australia out of that, and the rest of Asia Pacific would be an emerging market. Even when you come across to Europe and you come out the U.K. For us, Continental Europe is an emerging cereal category. It's relatively loyal for capital consumptions and has potential for long-term growth. So we don't have a metric as such for emerging markets, but you can see 10% growth in sales and on internal basis in Latin America in the first quarter some signs of growth returning on Continental Europe, double-digit growth in Russia and if you took Australia out of Asia Pacific, it would've been a very good growth performance as well, with double-digit growth in India, South Africa, China in the quarter.
John Bryant: I can't really talk to Ralcorp or how their strategy may or may not change depending on who may or may not own Ralcorp. At the end of the day, we're driving our business and we know that what drives our business is strong innovation, brand building, nutrition and we're making those investments and improvements in our business and we're seeing the consumer respond to that. So I think there'll always be a part of the Consumer segment that will play on price and private-label will play in that area and we're playing in the added value consumer engagement end of the category and it's working for us.
John Bryant: I think the regulatory environment's coming in 2 different places and one is to the point we've had some unfortunate issues over the last couple of years such as the cereal liner issue. And to Ron's comments earlier, we are making the supply-chain investments to try to protect our source from those sorts of issues going forward. The other regulatory issue is things like restrictions on advertising to kids and so on, and the 4 agency release that came out late last week. And as we look at that, we believe that we make great foods for consumers. We believe that cereal is a low-calorie, nutrient-dense food form. People who eat cereal, whether they're kids or adults, have a lower body mass index than people who don't. And we just quite frankly don't understand why you'd want to restrict advertising on what is essentially a very healthy food to people. So obviously, that can have an impact over the last couple of years. We have made significant changes to our food in terms of reducing sugar, reducing salt. There’s been costs associated with that, that were borne in our P&L through the cost of goods line. And we've moved the spend of some of our brand building for more kid-targeted to mom-targeted and that's resulted in some inflation in our SG&A line as you point out in terms of just higher cost of media. So it is coming through a little bit in our financials. We are moving with it over time. I’m hoping that we can have a good dialogue here about what really is good public policy as we go forward.
John Bryant: Right, good question, Alexia. I don't want to talk specific about any individual market. If you look back over the last 3 years or so, we have made a couple acquisitions such as Russia and China and a joint venture with Ulker in Turkey. And I think we've learned some things from that, a part of it is to make sure that when we buy businesses, we buy businesses with a degree of scale and strong brands. And when we do joint ventures that we JV with companies like Ulker, companies that have strong positions in market. So as we go forward, there are some parts of our geographic footprint that we want to improve the footprint and will look to those sorts of joint venture-type ideas and will look to continue to make acquisitions and the extent to which we make acquisitions we want to ensure that we're buying a strong business in that market with strong brands.
Ronald Dissinger: Yes, of course, Robert, we'd be happy to. First of all, the first quarter performance, we did expect our gross margin to decline in the first quarter. Our cost pressures in the first quarter were very consistent with what we expect for the full year. So they were in the 7% to 8% range and that's what we expect for the full year as well. So we don't necessarily see a significant ramping up. The issue for us in the first quarter, obviously, was that our pricing was settling into the marketplace, and as a result, our gross margin performance was down.
Ronald Dissinger: Andrew, this is Ron. I'd be happy to help you with that. When you look at the price mix improvements that we saw in the first quarter, we communicated 1.3 points. So our pricing was settling in over the course of the quarter. When you look at the balance of the year, what you'll see, if we stick within this 300 to 400 basis points price mix improvement, we said we'd be at the high end of that range. That implies basically around 5 points of price mix benefit or thereabouts over the balance of the year. You'll see that progressing in the second quarter and then clearly full impact in the back half. But our second quarter will certainly be better than the first quarter.
Ronald Dissinger: Yes, David. Be happy to handle that one. From a top line perspective, we did a little bit better than what we had expected, particularly in our North America business. From an underlying operating profit perspective, we were a little bit better as well. Our earnings per share was better as a result of our tax rate and a little bit of currency that flowed through there. And also our cash flow came in a little bit better than expected. So broadly across all of our key measures, we performed slightly better than what we had planned.
Ronald Dissinger: Our upfront costs are in-line with what we previously communicated. So we estimate approximately $0.12 of upfront costs. And our outlook on interest expense is still in the range of $235 million to $245 million, so still very consistent with previous communications.
Ronald Dissinger: The supply-chain investments were not in the upfront costs. And these are items such as people process and infrastructure that we're investing in. I should point out though that those supply-chain investments are embedded or included in our cost pressures estimate of 7% to 8% for the year.
Ronald Dissinger: Eric, when you look at our performance on this $1 billion challenge in K-LEAN, we’re in the last year as you suggest of the $1 billion challenge and performing quite well against that we communicated roughly 4% of savings across cost of goods sold and K-LEAN is a big part of that. However, if you look back at what we demonstrated in the past, we've been in the range of 3% to 4% of productivity savings against cost of goods sold. So we feel quite comfortable that going forward, we’ll still be in that similar range of opportunity.
Ronald Dissinger: Yes, Eric, in the first quarter virtually no impact from the restoration of our incentive compensation accruals. There'll be some impact in the second quarter, but much of it really falls into the back half of the year. And recollect, we communicated in the third quarter the impact of adjusting our incentive compensation accruals downward last year. So virtually nothing in the first quarter. It's all Q2 to Q4.
Ronald Dissinger: I think what we said, Eric, it was about 6 points of operating profit and then we discussed the impact to the cereal recall and we said that was about 2 points of tailwind for 2011. So the net was about 4 points.
