John A. Bryant: Thanks, Simon, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. I know the recent storm has had an impact on many of you. I hope that you and your families are safe. Turning to our third quarter results. We're pleased that our underlying performance in the third quarter was broadly in line with expectations and reflects continued progress. Internal net sales growth was almost 3%, the high end of our guidance for the full year. As expected, our top line growth has been improving sequentially as we've progressed through the year. Consolidated internal operating profit would have also increased in the quarter were it not for the impact of the Mini-Wheats recall, which I'll discuss in more detail in a minute. And as with sales growth, we've seen some sequential improvement in underlying operating profit during the year, particularly in North America. Underlying operating results in North America were very strong as we saw a significant improvement in the Cereal business. We continue to see strong performance from Pop-Tarts, Specialty Channels and the Frozen Foods business. We also saw some additional improvement in the European business. In the U.K., we've seen benefits from better commercial programs and strong innovation. As a consequence, we've posted sales growth in both Cereal and Snacks in the quarter in the U.K. As we've discussed before, the Continental European business continues to be under pressure due to economic conditions where we've taken actions and have seen some early signs that they're having an effect. Underlying sales growth was strong in both Asia Pacific and Latin America and, as we mentioned on our last call, we increased our investment in brand building to double-digit rate in both regions. Now, I'd like to address the Mini-Wheats recall of a few weeks ago. Obviously, we never want to have a recall. But as you know, these things do happen periodically in our industry. We reacted quickly and effectively to the situation. I remain confident that we have turned the corner in our supply chain over the last 2 years, that we have proactively identified and addressed the challenges. This places us in a much stronger position to avoid and mitigate these issues in the future. Let's turn to Slide 4 in a brief update regarding Pringles. As you know, we have seen better operating performance from Pringles than we expected. In fact, Pringles in North America posted organic sales growth of 10% in the third quarter. This a testament to the strength of the brand and the team that's running the business. We're very pleased that we've been able to attract many of the Pringles employees to Kellogg. They're excited to become part of a large food company and we're pleased to be gaining such energized and knowledgeable people. And finally, the integration continues to go well. The teams running the integration are doing a great job. They've executed well in North America and have already seen some benefit and we're currently in the middle of the integration in Europe. So we're excited about the potential of this iconic global brand and as you might imagine, we'll give you more detail in next week's Investor Day. And now, let me turn it over to Ron for a discussion of our financial performance.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Ron. Let's turn to Slide 12 which illustrates the internal revenue growth posted by Kellogg North America so far this year. As you can see, we have delivered good growth with the business, posting 4% internal sales growth for the second consecutive quarter. Now, let's look at individual North American segments, starting with U.S. Snacks on Slide 13. The business posted internal net sales growth of 0.3% in the quarter. The Cracker category grew during the quarter, as did our business. It was building on strong sales growth in excess of 6% in the comparable period of last year. And Special K Cracker Chips and Cheez-It both did well in the quarter. We're also encouraged that the introduction of Special K Popcorn Chips appears to be going well and that sales seem to be mostly incremental. Consumption in the Cookie category, as a whole, remained unchanged in the third quarter. Our performance was impacted in part by the timing of our programs, although the Keebler brand posted growth even off a 4.5% growth comparison last year. We have more to be planned for the fourth quarter as well, although we're lapping a difficult comp. The wholesome snack business remains a focus for us and we have more activity planned for the months to come. However, of note in the quarter was a strong performance of Special K Pastry Crisps. Consumption is strong and results thus far this year have exceeded expectations. This is a product that we recently launched in the U.K. under different branding and initial results are encouraging there too. We're very pleased with the responsiveness of the Pringles business to our merchandising efforts. As I mentioned before, sales growth in North America was 10% in the third quarter. Slide 14 shows the performance of the U.S. Specialty segment. This segment posted internal revenue growth of 5.5% in the third quarter. This was a result of strong innovation introduced during the year, including Special K Cracker Chips, 2 new Rice Krispies Treats and new Eggo products. The gains have been broad based, with year-to-date sales increasing with all major customers. In addition, the Pringles business is also doing well in the Specialty Channels. Sales have outpaced our expectations in these channels as we're gaining points of distribution. Now, let's turn to Slide 15 in the North America Other segment, which posted sales growth of more than 5% in the quarter. Within this segment, Frozen Foods posted strong sales growth. Both the frozen breakfast and Veggie Foods businesses did well. As pictured on the Slide, the recently launched Special K Flatbread Breakfast Sandwiches are off to a great start. The frozen veggie business has responded well to the advertising we began at midyear and we have more activity planned for both businesses in the fourth quarter. Also within this segment, the Canadian business increased its share of the Cereal category by 0.5 points in the quarter, driven by our new Krave cereal, which has gained more than a share point in Canada. Also, we saw share gains in the Snack category. And Special K Cracker Chips and special K Pastry Crisps are both doing very well. Slide 16 shows the performance of the Morning Foods and Kashi segment over the past couple of years. As you can see, this segment posted very strong growth in the third quarter. So now, I'd like to hand it over to David Denholm, the Head of our U.S. Morning Foods segment for a more detailed discussion of this business.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, David. Now, let's turn to Slide 26 and the performance of our international businesses so far this year. As you can see, after a difficult start to the year, primarily in Europe, the International business has posted progressive improvement as it moved through the year. As we told you last quarter, we've done a lot of work in Europe to improve the business and strengthen our organization and we're investing for future growth in both Latin America and Asia Pacific. Now, if you'll turn to Slide 27, you'll see some more detail regarding our International businesses. The European business continued to improve sequentially in the third quarter. The U.K. business posted sales growth in both Cereal and Snacks as a result of much better commercial plans, tactical pricing actions on some SKUs and improved innovation. Special K Biscuit Moments, Nutri-Grain Breakfast Biscuits and Special K Cracker Crisps have been launched in the U.K. and all are off to a good start. On the continent, sales in France increased and we saw early signs of improvement from the relaunch of Special K in Italy and Spain. However, as you've heard from other manufacturers, Southern Europe continues to be a difficult environment and we know it will take some time to improve. So due to this, we remain cautious on Europe as we look into 2013. The Latin American business posted growth of 4% in the quarter. As we said previously, we have worked aggressively to lower trade inventories in Mexico in the quarter, which led to lower shipments, although consumption in Mexico increased in the quarter. A part of this difference affects timing between the third and fourth quarters. In addition, the other businesses in the region are performing strongly and posted double-digit sales growth. We increased Latin America's investment in brand building at a double-digit rate in the third quarter. And we've also launched Special K Cracker Chips and Special K Crisps in the region as well as Choco Krispies Pops and Special K Chocolate in certain geographies and all are doing well. The Asia Pacific business had a strong quarter, posting 7% sales growth. And as we mentioned, we increased brand building during the quarter at a double-digit rate. The Australian business improved as new advertising started to have an impact and innovation on All-Bran, Be Natural and Sultana Bran all contributed to growth. Also in the region, India and South Africa performed well as a result of innovation and continued penetration gains. Now, let's turn to Slide 28 and the summary. Sales growth continued to improve in the third quarter as we expected and was in line with our expectations for the full year. North America posted strong top-line growth as the Cereal, Pop-Tarts, Frozen Foods and Specialty channel businesses all did well. Underlying profit growth, adjusted for the recall, was also strong. Europe remains a difficult environment, but we have seen some early signs of improvement. For example, the U.K. performed much better as a result of improved commercial plans and innovation. We increased our investment in our brands at a high single digit rate in the third quarter, and the Asia Pacific and Latin American businesses increased their investment in brand building at a double digit rate. We saw a better performance than we expected from the Pringles business. All in all, it was a good quarter and I'd like to thank all our employees for their efforts around the world. With that, I'll open up for questions.
John A. Bryant: Thank you, John. We're excited about the Wilmar joint venture and we'll actually talk more about that next week at Day at K. But the reason we're so excited about Wilmar, it is roughly the third largest consumer goods company in China. It has a tremendous infrastructure across that market and they're very excited as are we in the potential growth of the category in China. The category today, the Cereal category, is relatively small but it is growing rapidly at strong double-digit rate. And so we believe that together, we're better positioned to unlock that opportunity. If you go back to the Navigable business, that was a low-margin cookie business in China that was not really helping us build out our infrastructure, or really set ourselves up for the future. So we're excited about China, both from a Cereal perspective as well as a Snacks perspective, and we believe that Wilmar is extremely well positioned to help us make that a reality.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Scott. I think we've made some great progress in our supply chain over the last few years. We've made significant investments, as we mentioned last year, adding people back into the facilities, improving certain core processes within the facilities and we're seeing a much better performance out of our supply chain. We are very disappointed by this latest event. It was a failure in a piece of equipment. We've been using that sort of equipment for 20 years in this facility and it's the first time we've seen a failure like this. But I think our recent investments have enabled us to identify the issue quickly, to respond to it and I think the company did a great job of very effectively and efficiently dealing with the situation. We have -- Alistair Hirst is our Head of Supply Chain who will be talking about some of the great progress we've made at Day at K next week. But we do believe that we have definitely made progress in the supply chain. I think this is a unique issue that we had more recently and I believe the investments we've made will help us mitigate and reduce the probability of these sorts of events in the future.
John A. Bryant: Yes, I think it's really unfortunate. Clearly, Our goal is to avoid these things happening in the future.
John A. Bryant: And just to build on that, remember the recall occurred in early October. It was actually a subsequent event to the quarter itself. So our actual spend and everything was in place. We were in the process of closing the quarter when the event occurred.
John A. Bryant: I think innovation, at a very macro level, is a driver more of volume than any pricing decisions that are out there. So we expect next year to have even more innovation at a total company level than what we had this year and innovation's clearly a core driver of our success.
John A. Bryant: And in general, I'd say that the innovation drives positive mix and in fact, in this quarter, we saw a positive mix coming out of innovation.
John A. Bryant: Yes, Dianne and the answer is both. We saw additional merchandising opportunities in the third quarter in the U.S. We're able to leverage some of our very strong relationships across some key customers and we achieved some placements that business had not historically been able to achieve. And so I think you saw a very strong response from that activity. In addition to that, as I mentioned in the prepared comments, the Specialty Channels have also seen some very strong growth and we've been gaining some distribution in those channels also. If I think back to the Keebler acquisition, the part of the Keebler acquisition has surprised us positively, was the Foodservice business, when the 2 businesses came together. I suspect, on this acquisition, the Specialty Channels will be upward surprise as these 2 businesses come together.
John A. Bryant: I think we're in good position from an inventory perspective, particularly if you think about Continental Europe and the need for European retailers to drive their cash flow very aggressively. I think what's happened in Mexico, we're talking before about the seasonality of the Cereal category, and the seasonality in trade inventory as well. What happens is early in the year, we bring out innovations, cereal inventory grows through the year and then as retailers get ready for the holiday season at the end of the year, they pull back on cereal inventory and build up on other holiday season-type inventories. What's happened in Mexico is that seasonality in cereal inventory is more than what we think it should be. And so what we've done in the back half of this year is we brought the inventories down more aggressively in the third quarter. That inventory reduction would normally occur in the fourth quarter, so it's a bit of a switch between those 2 quarters. Also remember, as we go into 2013, we wouldn't expect to build as much inventory in the first half of 2013, but we'll have a very easy comparison when we get to the third quarter of 2013 against this year's numbers. So we are trying to keep inventories lower. We believe lower retail inventory is actually very good thing for the company because it helps us bring our in-store activities on the shop at the same time as the advertising is on air.
John A. Bryant: If I can add on to that, I think if we look beyond cereal business, we're seeing good growth from Kashi and frozen as well which would suggest that the brand is still very strong and doing well out there.
John A. Bryant: Alexia, the Cereal category has always been a very competitive category. It's a great category and time and time again, it responds to brand building, innovation, nutrition. I think you saw in most recent quarter that our strong Olympics campaign worked very hard for us. And in addition, the innovation that we're bringing to the marketplace is highly differentiated and our most recent innovation, Krave, which has almost a share point, has really brought something that's new, better and different to the category. Another example is adults seeking more protein. We're seeing that in our consumer tracking. Hence, we relaunched Special K Protein in the middle of this year and it's off to a fantastic start. So we will continue to play our game of brand building, innovation and nutrition messaging in the category.
John A. Bryant: Certainly, Chris, I think we're happy to see the improved performance in Europe. We're still not satisfied with where it is and we expect to see a better fourth quarter out of Europe from a top line perspective. And the U.K. certainly helped that turnaround as we look within the year. We also saw some good growth in France and some -- it's really -- the challenges for us are in southern Europe, with Spain and Italy in particular were soft. As we build for the future year we need also continue to invest back in the business to that a top line growing as well, so you'll see some of that come through in the fourth quarter. So I would expect to be -- to continue to have a profit decline in Q4 for Europe and as we go into 2013, we remain very cautious on our outlook for Europe.
Ronald L. Dissinger: David, this is Ron. I'd be happy to give you an update on the expectation for 2012. We haven't provided 2013 details yet. But we've moved the accretion expectations from $0.08 to $0.10, which is what we communicated before, to $0.11 to $0.13, so -- and we've got about $0.03 better. We are seeing stronger sales performance than we previously expected. And in addition, we're seeing better performance come through our supply chain. We've been able to improve throughputs in our supply chain and done some other things that have improved our cost structure. In terms of the amortization and the balance sheet valuations, frankly David, we're still working through that. So you may see a low level of amortization expense come through for now, but we're still working through that as we go through the end of the year.
Ronald L. Dissinger: We are, David. So as we look at the fourth quarter, we'll certainly have more upfront costs and better than the fourth quarter than we did last year. That's correct.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Still investing at similar levels. It could be in the range of $0.10 to $0.12, consistent with prior years.
Ronald L. Dissinger: I think if you look at brand building and what we're doing this year, we're investing our brand building in the areas where we're expecting future growth. So we're investing behind Asia Pacific and Latin America and you saw the double-digit increases in brand building in the third quarter. And you'll see a continued investment in those regions. A part of our long-term model is to increase brand building at or above the rate of sales growth and we're going to do that this year and we expect to do that in the future. At the same time, we're always looking to drive efficiency. We've seen a big move towards digital. We're saving money on nonworking cost within the advertising line. So we have a series of efficiency programs there as well, but at our heart, we are a branded food business. We believe it's what enables us to succeed. It's part of our sustainable growth model and I would expect us to continue to invest in brand building in the future.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Let me take the phasing of the supply chain cost first. We did invest more in the back half of last year. We are lapping that impact this year and we did see that benefit come through. Having said that, as we communicated on the second quarter call, we are seeing higher commodity costs over the back half of the year. So we're seeing more commodity inflation and that's had an impact on our inflation, not just in the third quarter, but it will in the fourth quarter as well. We still do expect our input inflation to be at the rate of 7%. It might be a little bit above that. In terms of the impact of the recall and any R&D investment associated with that, that had no impact whatsoever.
Ronald L. Dissinger: John, as you know, we don't comment on perspective price increases. We have said in the past that we expect an inflationary environment in 2013. We haven't yet discussed the phasing. One thing I would say though is at this point in time, you'd expect us to be taking hedge positions and we are in a hedge position, very similar to where we were at this time last year, which is about 40% to 50% hedged.
Ronald L. Dissinger: We do show the share impact as well on that same slide. And remember, we were saying before that shares might be an impact of $0.07 to $0.08. We now think it's $0.05. So we picked up $0.02 to $0.03 there. And then the operating income -- impact of Pringles is giving us another $0.03 of benefit, Eric.
Ronald L. Dissinger: The currency isn't too far off. Right now, we're saying $0.05 of currency impact and over the course of this year, as we've spoken to you, it's been anywhere from $0.04 to $0.06 of impact.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, Eric. Be happy to elaborate on that. And we've talked about this before. Basically, when we acquired the Pringles business, we picked up a working capital benefit based on the way that the deal was structured. And we talked about that as being in the range of anywhere from $140 million to $150 million worth of benefit. We essentially picked up virtually no liabilities, only a few and no payables. So we've seen that benefit come through over the course of some in June and through the third quarter as well. So we're getting essentially a one-time benefit to our cash flow here that you're seeing in the year-to-date $1.1 billion.
Ronald L. Dissinger: We haven't discussed any pension contributions at this point in time, Eric. And right now, we're in good funding positions on our pension plans.
Ronald L. Dissinger: We haven't communicated guidance for 2013 at this point in time. Of course, Rob, you'd expect us we're paying down our debt that our interest cost will come down over time.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, we're guiding to lower interest expense in the fourth quarter, $260 million for the full year, Rob, so lower than the third quarter.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, sure, Alexia. So as we said -- as I said a little earlier and on the second quarter call, we picked up some inflation in the back half associated with the grain costs going up, and that's included in our guidance, we have it managed within the earnings per share. We do expect inflation as we're moving into 2013. We haven't talked about the levels, obviously. Hedges we had from -- for 2012 will roll off and we'll have new positions coming up for 2013, but we do expect an inflationary environment. Obviously, we are going to do everything we can to drive productivity improvements to offset as much of the inflation as we possibly can.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Our pricing was a little bit lower than cost inflation. So it didn't fully offset it. And that's why when I commented on the commodity inflation having an impact on gross margin, it's because the pricing didn't quite fully offset it.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes. Thank you everybody for joining us today. I appreciate it very much and we'll be available, as always, to take your questions.
David Denholm: Just building on John's comment and talking specifically about Cereal, we have good visibility into our innovation pipeline. We have strong ideas and we're looking forward to executing a stronger plan next year.
David Denholm: It's David here. There is seasonality in the Cereal category and that's relatively consistent over time. We have increased our investment in brand building versus last year and we do have a stronger innovation in the marketplace. So we've got off to a strong start in October and are well positioned in Q4.
David Denholm: Andrew, we're very confident about the long-term prospects of the Cereal category. We see it as a low single-digit growth category. It really responds to brand building, innovation and nutrition. So in terms of innovation specifically, the 50% that we outlined today in terms of share is a higher share than Kellogg has achieved in recent years. So we have improved our end market performance from an innovation perspective. In terms of the absolute level of innovation in the category, it has been lower over the last year or 2 and we're seeing that improved and it's improved sequentially throughout the year. And as I highlighted, we have strong visibility into next year's innovation plan.
David Denholm: I think the category responds to innovation from all participants and we expect there will be increased levels of innovation in the category and we model that and we then look at our pressure and the quality of our ideas and we are confident we can have a continued strong share of innovation within the category.
David Denholm: It's David here, Ed. Kashi is a great brand and it's very well positioned to grow in the future when you think of the changing demographics and the health and wellness trends, so we're very excited about the future of the Kashi brand. During the quarter, we did see some softness. We see that as temporary. There were 2 or 3 specific customer issues with the Kashi brand that we've been working through. We've also built plans for the future based on increased brand building and innovation. And in fact, you'll hear next week at the Day at K that we've got a 50% increase in the level of the cereal innovation behind the Kashi brand. We're also stepping up our support behind GOLEAN because there was some softness in the most recent quarter with the GOLEAN brand and we're relaunching our As Much Protein as an Egg campaign behind GOLEAN which works very hard for that brand.
