John A. Bryant: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. In a quarter that was unusually challenging across our industry, we're disappointed with the start to our year on top-line growth. There were essentially three drivers of this slow start, as we had mentioned previously. First, we experienced an expected reduction in trade inventory due to early shipments in Q4 in various categories in the U.S. and from the timing of shipments related to distributor transitions in a handful of international markets. We should be largely past these impacts. Secondly, we did encounter some customer-specific interruptions in Q1, mostly related to price-pack changes we are making on Pringles to cover input costs, product reformulations and currency. These negotiations have been resolved, though their impact could linger a bit into Q2 as we ramp back up normal orders and promotional activity in these accounts. Thirdly, and most importantly, like virtually every packaged food company, we experienced a suddenly lower consumption trend across all categories in the U.S. This was the continuation of long-term trends, exacerbated by some transitory issues, such as holiday timing and delays in tax refunds. In our business, we saw the worst of it in January, moderating but still soft in February, and then in March and April showing signs of returning to the run rates we saw in Q4 and full year 2016 adjusted for Easter timing. Shipments, too, seemed to normalize in March and April. Even despite this disappointing top-line, we still managed to grow currency-neutral profit and earnings. Project K and Zero-Based Budgeting continue to deliver savings as planned and we generated positive price/mix. We expect margin expansion to continue. This is what gives us confidence that we remain on track to deliver on our profit, earnings and cash flow guidance. Meanwhile, we are confident that our top-line performance will improve in coming quarters. We'll be past some of the discrete factors that affected shipments in Q1. We are already seeing signs of improvement in consumption trends, and we have stronger commercial plans. That said, the longer-term trends we have seen over the past couple of years are still with us. We are addressing these trends, making sure we are getting our consumers what they want, when they want and where they want to purchase it. This is the essence of our 2020 Growth Plan, and we're making good progress against it. Slide 4 highlights some 2020 Growth Plan elements that directly address the longer-term trends that have been weighing down consumption for packaged foods companies and we made progress in all these areas during Q1. We renovated food and packaging to be more on-trend. This is what will get us out in front of today's trends. Q1 saw Kashi Company return to growth in cereal share and consumption, while launching new and renovated snacks. We also launched a portfolio of new and renovated Special K bars. We renovated Eggo to eliminate artificial colors and flavors. We're building capabilities required for reaching today's multi-channel shopper. We need to find the consumer wherever he or she is shopping. In Q1, we had another quarter of growth in our Specialty Channels business. We continue to build capability and momentum in e-commerce and in high-frequency stores all around the world. And our recently-announced transition out of DSD, which served one particular channel, is specifically intended to free up resources that can be reinvested for the benefit of more brands across all channels. That transition got off to a good start in Q1. We're expanding in emerging markets. This is where we'll see better growth for a long time. In Q1, we generated organic growth in these markets. And we also saw continued expansion in our joint ventures, and we made good progress in integrating Parati in Brazil, a transformational acquisition for us in Latin America, and a business that is already posting strong growth. Over time, these actions will result in better presence and scale for us in markets that will outgrow developed markets. And we continue to increase our operating profit margin. This not only supports our earnings power in a growth-charged environment, but it helps to offset headwinds and creates fuel for future growth. Project K and Zero-Based Budgeting continue to generate expected savings. Gross margin continues to improve sequentially and operating profit margin continues to improve as well. Returning to profitable top-line growth is a must for us. And while Q1 feels like a step back from a net sales standpoint, we did continue to make progress. At this point, I'll turn it over to Fareed who will walk you through the financials.
John A. Bryant: Just add one more comment to that. I think Paul made the point that while we're coming out of DSD and going into a warehouse system, we're not just going to any warehouse system. We're going into the Kellogg warehouse system, which is designed to help support large heavily-merchandised categories like cereal. So even when we come into this warehouse system, we'll continue to have feet on the street. We'll continue to drive merchandising with our customers. And as we do this, obviously, we're improving our customer margins on these products and it makes it even more profitable for the margins to support our business. So we feel that we have some advantages in our warehouse system, given how it's set up, given our experience with cereal and our continued presence in store with feet on the street.
John A. Bryant: John, I'd say that the revenue growth management work is even more important in a difficult environment like we have in Europe. So if you look at what happened in Europe in the first quarter, Cereal actually was broadly in line with what our expectation was. Pringles was the big deviation from what we both expected and the historical run rate. And what happened there is we had to take some pack-price architecture moves to offset both some cost inflation, but also big transactional foreign exchange issues that that business has, given how some of the cross rates have moved within Europe. Unfortunately, that did result in some customer disruption, some customer disputes. We are happy to say they are behind us, and we've come to common ground with our retail partners. And now here in Q2, there'll be some lingering impact of that, but that will be behind us, so we'll be able to move forward, getting that business back into good growth in the back half of the year, as we've seen over the last four or five years. The Pringles business actually has a pattern of every about five years doing a food improvement, changing pack-price and improving price realization. We were due for that this year on Pringles, both in Europe and the U.S. This is the first time we've done it under Kellogg ownership. Quite frankly, the disruption was a bit more than what we anticipated, but it was absolutely the right thing to do. I'm happy to say it's behind us and we are moving back on track with where we need to be on that business as we go forward.
John A. Bryant: It's an ongoing process because the definitions of health and wellness and what consumers are looking for continues to change and evolve. So if you look at what we're doing to drive top-line growth, a big part of it is ensuring we have on-trend food and packaging. So this year, we have about a 50 basis point headwind on cost of goods as we make decisions to reinvest back in our food, whether that be elimination of artificials on waffles, which is doing very well here in the first quarter, or improving the performance of the food profile of Pringles, or investing back into our core cereal business. So these are changes that we'll keep doing. It won't be a case of getting it behind us. It's an ever, ongoing, evergreen evolutionary part of our business.
John A. Bryant: Absolutely. So take cereal, for example. The velocity on items like cereal and Pop-Tarts are similar to or better than the turns on cookies and crackers. So we are used to distributing a high velocity, high merchandising set of categories through this warehouse system. The feature and display is also very strong on cereal and Pop-Tarts, as it is on cookies and crackers. Remember that 40% of our Snacks business today goes through the warehouse system. And where we go through that warehouse system, we have better delivery performance, we have better share performance and we have a better growth profile. So we have already proven that these products can go through a warehouse system and, quite frankly, a warehouse system largely delivers cookies and crackers in major markets around the world. So what we're doing here in the U.S. is not new to the world. This is how these products go to market in markets like the UK, et cetera. So we are very confident in our ability to enable this and have it work. We do recognize that in the transition, there can be some disruption. This is a complicated thing that we're doing here. We have great plans around it. We believe we're well-positioned to execute it, but the destination is absolutely the right place. The path to get there is where we have to stay very focused and execute with excellence.
John A. Bryant: Yes, so I think as we said before, we'll see a little bit of an inventory build probably Q2 and into Q3. So Q2 might be a little bit better than in Q3. And Q4, you'll see the price adjustments which will bring down our net sales. But, obviously, that will be with us as we go into 2018 as well. So that gives you a sense of a bit of the phasing as we go through the year.
Paul T. Norman: Hey, Rob, Paul. Yeah, Kashi. I will come to Kashi in a second. If you look across Crackers, Cookies, Pop-Tarts, Cereal, Frozen, and Kashi, consumption was higher than our shipments in every case. Okay? So it really was a significant impact. Again, more granular on something like Kashi, there's a big disconnect in cereal, in particular, partly because of the selling in of innovation at the end of last year, which we knew drove some inventory in. The good news is, is the consumption is exactly where, if not ahead of where we planned. So we're seeing that come through in the first quarter and will normalize now as we go forward into the second quarter. I want to dig deeper and give you a little bit of color maybe on Snacks. Snacks was off, as you can see, by about 6%. Half of that, we think, is consumption-related broad-based trends in the marketplace. As I said, we grew share in Crackers. We grew share in the Keebler Cookie brand. Rice Krispies continues to do well. But the other half is things like the inventory decline, so planned SKU culls and a little bit of disruption around the, as John said, the transition as it relates to ordering, particularly in those two weeks when we spoke to our sales force about the future. So you can see this disconnect come through just about in every one of our businesses, it gives us the belief it's transitory and things will get better.
Paul T. Norman: Thanks, David. Here's how we see the status of the DSD transition. So far, everything is on track. And we're very happy with where we stand. If you step back, remember, what's driving this is a consumer and shopper-driven reason and a customer channel-driven reason. Part of the orientation away to a pull model is that we will shift significant resources to brand-building behind those, what I would call, invest-to-grow brands, particularly within Snacks, brands like Cheez-It, Rice Krispies Treats, Pringles, for example. Our warehouse model is more effective and efficient. We already ship through warehouses. We deliver better service and higher in-stocks and it offers us better joint value creation with our customers as we come through on one platform. As far as the shelf is concerned, we're deliberately leaning in to optimize our assortment, so we can make the shelf work harder. And so we are looking proactively to make sure that we have our fastest moving, biggest brands, where the investment is going to go, on shelf. We're not looking to lose space. We're looking to optimize our shelf so it can work harder. Within our customer discussions, so far, there is broad-based agreement that this is the future of delivery in these kinds of categories. And we're working through how we achieve it in the near-term. So we've had generally very good support for the move. Specifically on brand-building, as I alluded to, you will see the brand-building ramp up here as we go through Q2, Q3, and Q4. It is really important as we go through this transition that we have strong plans in market to ensure shelf presence, display presence and we've got big things to sell behind. So as you look at our Snacks business year to go, we do have a double-digit increase in brand-building coming on crackers, wholesome snacks and Pringles. We have renovation of the core Nutri-Grain business and brand. We have a big range of seasonal innovations across cookies and wholesome that will drive fun and excitement and display in store. We have Cheez-It innovation coming in the back half. And we have lots of new pack formats across crackers, cookies, and wholesome snacks to drive incremental consumption in new occasions. And a lot of those packs will exist in the mainstream retail environment as well. So we have a pretty packed program of things to come that will drive excitement in the category and we'll benefit from the brand-building as we put it in in the back half of the year.
Paul T. Norman: I can't give you a quantification today, David. But what you're saying is what we're doing. We are eliminating tail where it doesn't make sense. And we're looking to prioritize and maximize assortment against the biggest things we have. And so when I talk about putting more brand-building in behind brands like Cheez-Its and Rice Krispies Treats, et cetera, we are making sure that we have the most efficient and effective assortment to drive our business harder going forward. But there is a degree of SKU rationalization, and we've leant in proactively on that.
Paul T. Norman: Hey, Josh, I can't go into detail on price or anything that you call the give-backs. But I can tell you that the discussions with retailers have gone well. And within the context of the plans we put together going in, so far so good.
Paul T. Norman: Yes, Josh, I think it would be fair to say there is always pressure from our retail partners to keep prices low. If you look at the data we see, you see there's not a lot of massive deflation going on in our categories right now. We have seen a little bit of push from private labels in selected categories. Frozen would be one. We've see private label items come up, and we've also seen our Eggo items come up, which suggests that there are factors going on there. And the retail environment is changing to adapt to consumer needs, quite frankly. And so we're seeing growth on the fringes of retail in all kinds of places, just incumbent on us to be more agile with the right food in the right format at the right price, depending on those retail environments. But the pressure is the same as it's always been.
Paul T. Norman: Yes, we see the improvement coming sequentially across the year. A far as the Snacks business is concerned, obviously, I'm not sure we'll see incremental volume or price pressure, as John alluded to. As part of the transition, our retailers will actually get more margin here. And we have great plans to pull coming through in brand-building. So we will see some deflation of pricing because of the net sales impact, but overall underlying velocities, there's going to be a lot of volatility. But we're still going to execute our plan.
Paul T. Norman: I think some of that 50% or so, half of it being consumption decline, was related to the January, February impacts that I think the entire industry felt. We're not anticipating those declines to become the norm. I think they were transitory in nature. And so we feel very confident that snacking categories are ripe for growth going forward.
Paul T. Norman: Specifically to Kashi Snacks, we launched two Nut Butter Bars at the beginning of the year here, and so far so good. The pickup has been better than we expected. We have more listings to come in the back half around nut butters. We're also fully renovating our chewy bars here at the end of the second quarter, moving into the third quarter, and the food is significantly preferred, so we have a real upgrade coming on our chewy bars. So that's the innovation and renovation. We've just gone back on air with new advertising which features the bars here in March, April, so. And that will continue through Q2 and Q3. So we are on track to deliver what we expected this year. Now as we've said, on Kashi bars in particular, we expected growth on cereal this year from a consumption point of view. That is our outlook. On bars, we expected to dramatically decline the rate of decline, if you like. So we're not expecting growth, but we are expecting a much lower rate of decline, in the single digits. And so far, we're on track and we feel good with the uptake of these new bars. In terms of points of distribution on bars, we are seeing going into the second half of the year, a stabilization as it pertains to points of distribution, which is positive because we hadn't seen that over the past couple of years. So with a bit of luck and a bit of hope and a bit of good execution, we're bottoming out here and we can start to look forward on snacks.
Paul T. Norman: Granted, we expect it to come across all of our businesses, as I mentioned, that we see consumption disconnected from shipments in just about every category. So we expect improving consumption on cereal through the back half of the year. We expect it on cookies and crackers from a velocity point of view, Pop-Tarts. Frozen, we're anticipating getting back into growth. Kashi Cereal, we're looking to see that consumption growth come through in our business. Specialty, we expect to maintain the momentum we've developed. And in our Canadian business, we're going to lap, as I said, the pricing interventions from a year ago soon, and we expect an improving performance there as well. So it really is broad-based.
Paul T. Norman: We don't give quarterly indications, but we have factored in, obviously, a degree of an inventory build and a transfer here through the second and third quarter, which will be offset by some other factors as the year goes on. So as John, I think, might pick it up, we'd originally factored in the impact to the company in the year from this. And there's no change to that.
Paul T. Norman: Yes. It's Paul, David. The Special K Cereal business has actually flattened out pretty much and held or grown share in the last two years. The impact in Q1 was really down to a timing of innovation activity, and we have all of that lined up to start and it's starting here in May, as we speak. So the Cereal business, you picked it up. If we're going to win and drive this category forward, our Core 6 needs to fire on all cylinders. And K needs to do better in the back half. We think we have the plans to do that. Our kid brands momentum will continue, specifically with wholesome snacks. There's more than Special K to wholesome snacks. Rice Krispies Treats continues to grow, and we look to accelerate that. Nutri-Grain has significant renovation coming as well. And then the Special K transition is underway, with better food and we'll benefit from the new campaign across the entire brand. So we expect an improving trend in Special K bars as part of our wholesome snack business year to go.
