Steven Cahillane: Great. Thanks for the question, Steve. I think we would consider the guidance that we're giving prudent, but I'd also underline that our swing back to profit is really a 4-point swing ex the divestiture. So from a base business perspective, from a minus 2 to a plus 2, we think, is meaningful improvement.  And as we mentioned during the prepared remarks, from a top line perspective, it's the best performance we had in 2019 at plus 1.9% since 2012. So that's quite a long period of time. And we're guiding towards continuing that with 1% to 2% top line growth based on substantial reinvestment in the business against terrific opportunities that we see. And so we feel that's prudent, but we'll be very pleased with continuing that top line momentum, which is broad-based and across many categories. And so we think it's on strategy. It's on plan. We continue to show good progress against our portfolio.  The reorganizations are behind us. Our service levels are improving. We're lapping some very good innovation from this year. We've got very good revenue growth management productivity plans in place. Our emerging markets continue to perform very well. And so we're pleased with where we are as we end 2019. We think 2020 will be a continued year of good positive momentum. And again, a 4-point swing operating profit as well as continued positive momentum in the top line is what we're shooting for.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. I will, Jason, thanks for the question. I'm not going to give a lot of detail, obviously, because -- for competitive reasons. But the whole price package transformation that we underwent last year, as I said, was a big bang, that's behind us now. And so we entered the year in good shape. And if you look at it from a segment perspective, the Taste/Fun segment, we did well on in 2019, and we've got good momentum. You look at things like our Mission Tiger program, complete with a college football bowl game, continues to show good momentum, Froot Loops as well. Krave, Corn Pops showing good momentum. And so that's been good.  Our new Special K program is actually mitigating the big declines we've seen in Special K, in fact, cutting that in half against a more simple program focused on the food and focused on the wellness. It's really in our all family segment with Frosted Mini-Wheats and Rice Krispies where we have the big -- we just haven't fixed yet, and we own that, and we have to get to it. Now with Frosted Mini-Wheats, we see good promise in front of us. We know that we held back on a lot of promotional activity last year based on some supply constraints we had as we were realigning our network. We know that brand responds where we've got good ideas against it. So as we look at the three segments that we compete in, as I said, we're in it to win it, and we see 2020 as a much better year for us in cereal.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks, Jason. I think it's an excellent question. I'll start and happy to let Amit chime in as well. What we've said all through the course of this year is we're aiming for margin expansion as we reinvest in the business and return to top line growth. And you saw that. You saw a sequential improvement in margins across the course of the year, including into the fourth quarter. And our aim is to continue that margin expansion as we go through 2020. And we're constructively dissatisfied as to where we are. So we do believe we've got ongoing opportunities to improve on that.  We're coming off of a lot of transformation work that address many of the costs in not only our North America business, our European business as well. And as we continue in 2020, we'll continue to look for opportunities to expand margin and always relentlessly look at our cost base. Amit, do you want...
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question, Rob. The simple answer to that is yes, we plan on increasing our brand-building investment to continue to drive our growth. We've said we're going to reinvest the 53rd week. We're going to do more than that. And so you could see the incremental investment above the 53rd week being a 53rd week plus, that and a little bit more. And we're committed to doing that because you see when you look at the brands that we're -- that we've revitalized and we've invested in have really responded and done very well. And so Cheez-It and Cheez-It Snap'd, Rice Krispies Treats, Pop-Tarts, all showing terrific momentum in the marketplace. I mentioned cereal.  We've got a job to do there. It doesn't come for free. And we're pleased with early indications that we're seeing around our Taste/Fun brands, as I've said. Europe, when we look at Europe and the opportunities we have there, we see good momentum despite a challenging macroeconomic environment in many of those countries. So we see the ability to get very good ROIs on our investment. And the final thing I'll tell you is, our Morningstar Farms business continues to do very well, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks [indiscernible] brand called Incogmeato. Now I'm not going to get into exactly what we're spending against that, obviously, for competitive reasons, but [indiscernible] buying something. We're investing in a brand-new launch, which we [indiscernible] and we're going to spend against it, and we see that as a very big opportunity.  We've got terrific food. We're excited to -- have you tried it at CAGNY when we're all there. So we're very excited, enthusiastic and committed to that launch. And we think that the investment plan that we have, the incrementality behind it will pay off and pay off well into the future because, again, what we're looking for is long-term sustainable growth that's balanced that continues our top line, continues margin expansion and gets us again this 4-point swing in 2020, which is the beginning of what we see as long-term dependable performance.
Steven Cahillane: Thank you, Laurent. I wouldn't call it pessimistic guidance. I'd characterize it as prudent guidance. And again, I'd just remind everybody that it's been since 2012 since we performed the way that we performed in 2019 with plus 1.9%. And so obviously, we've got some big hurdles that we'll be lapping all the successful innovations that we had in place this year that drove that performance, we'll have to anniversary. Now we're confident we'll be able to do that, but we want to be prudent in how we think about that.  We also have challenging macroeconomic conditions in certain markets like Brazil and potentially West Africa and so forth. So do not get us wrong. We plan on continuing our momentum and investing behind our momentum, and we will continue that momentum and do better. But we think based on long-term history and the anniversary and potential macroeconomic conditions, I mean, the 2% is prudent.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. So if I start with West Africa. We definitely saw a slowdown, a macroeconomic slowdown. You saw it in some of our peers' results and so forth. We're still performing very well. So high single digits perform -- coming out of the fourth quarter, and we plan on continuing that. That's not the same as double digits, but high single digits in a market where there's some turbulence, we think, is quite good.  Brazil, obviously, same type of macroeconomic conditions, consumer sentiment and so forth that's affecting consumer goods in general. Now we continue to perform well. Our cookies, crackers, our biggest categories continue to perform well, and we continue to gain share. So we don't see a reason for worry, but we see a reason for prudence.  We're also very pleased about the supply chain changes that we made in Brazil. We moved, as I said, on a very old cereal plant in São Paulo to a brand-new production facility in lines in Paraty. We opened our first Pringles production line in Latin America, also in Paraty, a wonderful world-class facility. So there's a lot of reasons to be positive about those two markets. But again, emerging markets are volatile by nature, and we just want to ensure that we're prudent in our approach.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ken. A simple answer to that is yes. So it's recovered to its previous highs and, in fact, expanding beyond that. And there's a lot of really exciting innovations coming that will expand distribution. RXBAR minis, for example, you can find in the Club channel right now. RX oats continues to expand its distribution. Now we're focusing on advertising and velocities and getting that brand back to its momentum. And if you look at the latest Nielsen data, you can see that it's bouncing back. It's bouncing back nicely. We're really proud of the team there and really encouraged by the momentum that we see in the business and the potential that we see in the business.
Amit Banati: I think just a bit on what Steve said. I think from a -- if you start kind of with gross margin, our goal for 2020 would be to stabilize gross margin. I think we see the input costs moderating in 2020 and would expect to offset that through a combination of pricing as well as our savings program. So from a gross margin standpoint, the goal would be to stabilize our gross margin going forward.  I think as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we are planning to increase investment meaningfully next year behind opportunities that we see in 2020 from a brand-building standpoint. And those are opportunities that we'd like to invest in to continue to drive the momentum in the top line.  From an SG&A standpoint, that's something that we're always working on. We've initiated a number of initiatives to realign the business post the divestiture, and you're seeing the benefits of that come through on the P&L.  And then from an emerging market standpoint, I think we're making good progress on the gross margins. Scale in emerging markets -- as the scale of the emerging market improves, we should see margin [indiscernible] in those businesses. [indiscernible] I'd say we expect to improve our margins [indiscernible].
Amit Banati: Yes. I think that's right. I think it will be using the free cash flow to pay down our debt next year and create flexibility for us going forward.
Amit Banati: Yes. Just on the stranded costs. So obviously, we've already initiated actions in terms of realigning the organization. And we've seen some benefits come through in '19, and we'd expect to continue to see some of that come in 2020. However, we are, our TSA as well. And our TSA, we expect to run through the course of 2020. So some of that, once we come off the TSA, would be addressing that would fall more in 2021. So it's a mixed bag.
Amit Banati: I'd say it's balanced, but there would definitely be some impact in 2021 once we come off the TSA and deal with those stranded costs. That will definitely be 2021. But we're also addressing stranded costs in 2020 and some in '19 already. So it's mix.
