John A. Bryant: Thanks, Simon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. We are pleased that the momentum we've seen so far this year has continued to build through the third quarter. Total currency-neutral comparable revenue growth of 1% was above our top-line guidance for the full year and it builds on the flat growth we posted in the first half of the year. We saw sales respond to the investment we've made, continued stabilization in many of our businesses in the quarter and growth in the U.S. Specialty channels, Canadian, Latin American and Asia Pacific businesses. In addition, we continue to make great progress with our productivity initiatives. Overall currency-neutral comparable operating profit was in line with our expectations and included a significant impact from this year's rebasing of incentive compensation. Ron will discuss this in more detail, but, excluding this impact, currency-neutral comparable operating profit growth would've been approximately 6% in the quarter. We are raising our guidance for cash flow to $1.1 billion in 2015. We're on track to meet our guidance for currency-neutral comparable sales, operating profit and earnings per share in 2015. And we will achieve these results while setting up an even better year in 2016. The momentum we're building and our aggressive productivity programs give us confidence that we will meet our long-term targets for currency-neutral comparable net sales and operating profit growth in 2016 and beyond. We'll give you more color regarding our overall business at our Investor Day in a few weeks, but we are excited about the plans we have for each of our businesses and the performance we expect as a result. And with that, I'll turn it over to Ron for discussion of our financial results
John A. Bryant: We continue to see good merchandising performance behind our categories in-store. We have categories that do respond to that sort of merchandising activity. I think you have seen on an aggregate basis, some merchandising reduction. That actually is more tailored to what a small number of customers are doing in the area of specific clean store policies. In fact, we're lapping one of those larger customers, lapping that initiative sort of the middle of this year. So that should have less of an impact as we go forward. We are ultimately, though, focused on winning with the consumer through brand-building, through innovation, through engaging the consumer directly, but we feel good about our in-store merchandising performance.
John A. Bryant: Great question, David. Let me just clarify that double the weight of innovation is actually a comment only for Kashi in 2016 here in the U.S. And we're doing a lot to invest back into our innovation process as a company to improve the performance of our innovation. We established our global category teams so we'd have a longer-term innovation platform coming out of those global category teams. In the case of Kashi specifically, pulling the team back in La Jolla, back in California, and allowing them to focus on the longer-term innovation to move at a faster pace, as is required in that particular segment of the market, is showing dividends. I think you've seen that in the Kashi business performance improving and also in that greater innovation coming through next year. And also, as you think about innovation, I think you can see more from us in the area of packaging as we try to hit the right package-price-product offering by channel, by market. So I think as you look at our innovation pipeline going forward, it's both a stronger pipeline in terms of we have a longer-term pipeline with our global category teams and it's a more diverse pipeline in that it's not just more food. It's food. It's packaging. It's in the core parts of the business as well as in the leading segments of the business as well.
John A. Bryant: Well, Eric, I think we're seeing a very strong performance from the U.S. Cereal category. It's improved significantly over the last couple of years. Total consumption is relatively flat. And within our business, we're seeing a significant improvement within our core brands, also in the two brands that we've struggled with over the last few years, Special K and Kashi. You're seeing significantly better performance from those brands as we go forward. So I don't think that particular event that you're pointing to has had a meaningful impact on the category or our business. I think it's good for us all to get past those sorts of events. And I think you're seeing a better longer-term build in the performance of the category over time.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Jonathan, yeah, we've seen on breakfast, we've actually seen consumption of breakfast at home growing, so it's not the issue around QSRs, et cetera. It's been more how we compete at that breakfast occasion at home. If you go back to the 2000s, obviously, our business in the category grew quite strongly. And what was growing our business at that time were the adult cereals. If you look at what's happened here more recently, those adult cereals, particularly Special K and Kashi, went quite soft. By the end of the third quarter, we actually saw our adult cereals return back to growth. You're seeing Special K return to growth behind movement and positioning. It got caught in a little bit more of a diet positioning towards a wellness positioning now, with new foods coming out that support that. Kashi, between the team in California ramping up the innovations, staying on trend with foods that are evolving and emerging in the marketplace, and you're seeing how the innovation is starting to drive that business back to a better place. And then even a business like Raisin Bran, where we have a cranberry innovation, some great advertising that's on-trend and we're seeing double digit growth in that brand. So I think a lot of this has to do with what we are doing to drive our business. And, quite frankly, the category performance is a combination of what manufacturers do, rather than a determinate of how all manufacturers do it, so if all the manufacturers do better, the category does better.
John A. Bryant: I guess I'm more focused specifically on our business. I'd say our business is doing better and that's what's driving certainly our section of the adult segment. And to your point, it is difficult on some of those brands to define what's an adult brand, what's a kid brand, since roughly half the consumption in the kid brands are actually adult consumption, but when we have adult-targeted brands like this, like Raisin Bran and Special K, we've seen those businesses come back.
John A. Bryant: Well, let me step back a bit and just provide some thoughts on M&A in general, since you had that entry point into the Snacks question. On M&A, we are obviously looking at a number of opportunities around the world. You've seen the company execute three transactions in just the last several months: two acquisitions in Egypt, the largest cookie, cracker company there and the largest cereal business there; and then our West Africa and Nigeria investment. And all three of those are great investments, combination of Snacks, emerging markets, et cetera, and so as you think about our M&A strategy, obviously, the intersection of Snacks and emerging markets is a very interesting place for us to play. We also would look at M&A in a market like North America in natural and other areas that would be good bolt-ons to our business. On Snacks itself, we have an outstanding DSD platform. It's a company-owned DSD platform. It's an advantaged platform compared to a lot of other DSD platforms out there. And we believe we have an opportunity to keep driving that platform over time. And we're focused on improving the hit rate of innovation in this business. We're seeing good growth in Crackers behind Cheez-Its. We have opportunities in Cookies. We've got some work to do in Wholesome Snacks. So we had some good progress there on the DSD business.
John A. Bryant: I would say, Alexia, in a market like the U.S., given the performance of the category in recent years, if we could stabilize the U.S. Cereal business in a stable category, I'd define that as success. So in the context of the Kellogg Company portfolio and hitting our low single digit sales growth target next year, we don't need to see growth from the U.S. Cereal business.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Ken, great questions. So on the potential deflationary impact on cost of goods and how could that play out in the marketplace, if you look across our categories, our categories are very rational. They compete more on the quality of brands, on the quality of innovation, on ideas, on in-store execution. They are intensely competitive categories, but they're ones that tend to be fairly stable in pricing over time. So I feel good about the dynamic there and don't see that necessarily being disrupted. On the question of sales guidance, I think there's maybe some confusion there. If you look at the company, we are building momentum. Last year, our internal sales were down around 2%. This year, we're around flat. And next year, we're giving guidance of 1% to 3%. So if you drew a straight line through that trend line, you get down 2%, flat, say, up 2%. The point we tried to make on our guidance for next year is we don't need to deliver 2%, 3% sales growth in order to deliver the 4% to 6% operating profit growth. Our comment there was about the strength and visibility we have into our productivity programs. And so we believe that if we hit even the low-end of our sales guidance, or even if we were flat on our sales performance next year, we still have the visibility in those productivity programs to hit the 4% to 6% operating profit range. If I add to that, if I'm thinking about our guidance for next year and you asked me the question where is the risk within that guidance, I think the risk is more on the sales guidance than in the operating profit guidance, is another way of getting at what we're trying to say.
John A. Bryant: Great question. I think we are seeing the brand make that transition to more of a wellness brand, weight wellness brand then a diet brand. The turnaround in Special K, of course, is not just that positioning in isolation. It's also changing the food, in some cases, to be consistent with that positioning. I think where we've made changes to our food, we've seen even more progress than where we have some legacy foods in place. A lot of food changes, though, are not just new foods in terms of innovation. They're renovating the current foods. And so when you ask the question, well, how much is that new versus the base? Take Special K Red Berries. Adding more red berries to Special K and reinforcing the berries in there really has had a very positive impact on the Special K business in the U.S. And so it's hard for me to tease apart what is food and what is non-food-related. But the good news is we're definitely seeing people respond to that program, not just here in the U.S. but also in Canada, and we're seeing the brand do better.
John A. Bryant: It's a great question. It's probably worth spending a little bit of time talking about brand-building. Obviously, brand-building is critical to the long-term performance of the Kellogg Company. And the strength of our brands is something that we're absolutely focused on. And you can see that in that we have industry-leading levels of brand-building and we're committed to those brands. At the same time, we are seeing a transformational change in how you build brands. Think about the transformational changes we've seen in the past from print to radio to TV and now to social, mobile, digital, et cetera. As you go through each of these transformational changes, the amount and how you spend brand-building fundamentally changes. And so as we see people skipping more ads on TV, as we see people, particularly millennials, using their mobile devices, social media, et cetera, having a larger impact, we have to change our brand-building model. And as we do this, we have to both identify what's not working as well as it has in the past and where should we invest more money. Now, we're seeing very good ROIs on digital-type spend, so we're seeing more of our money migrate in that direction. But because of this sea change, it's very hard for us to say where our brand-building is going in the future. I certainly feel like we spend enough money on brand-building. And so as we look, say, into 2016, we will have zero-based budgeting savings in brand-building. Some or all of that will get reinvested back into brand-building, but I don't think we need to continue to increase our brand-building as such. And so our brand-building as a percentage of sales may be flat, may even decline slightly, but don't take that as a lack of commitment to brand-building. Take that as a recognition that how you build brands, how you engage with consumers as they engage with media differently, is changing at such a pace here that we have to reevaluate our entire model and continue to push the edge on how much we need to spend to build these great brands.
John A. Bryant: So we have renovated our Special K Cracker Chip business. And that has resulted in velocity stabilizing, so now we're just lapping lost distribution. There may be parts of that business that also get eliminated over time. We come back to a stronger core number of SKUs. So it's certainly becoming less of a headwind. It's been a pretty major headwind across this year. So it'll probably be there, but to a lesser degree in 2016.
John A. Bryant: As you think about what's happening in Latin America generally, there's no question that Venezuela drove the sales growth you saw in the third quarter. On a year-to-date basis, local currency growth ex-Venezuela would be up low single digits. But it's worth remembering within that, that our Pringles business is a U.S. dollar-denominated business. And so what you're seeing there is actually U.S. dollar growth in Pringles, as opposed to true local currency growth. Local currency Pringles was up strong double digits, but that obviously translates to very low U.S. dollar performance, given where the exchange rates have moved. So it's actually kind of hard within our results to get back to a pure local currency ex-Venezuela for Latin America. What I would say in Latin America is we are seeing a slowdown in economies in Latin America in general, and in our business as well. We are gaining share in key businesses, such as Brazil, Mexico, Colombia. As we go into 2016, we expect this business to continue to be challenged a little bit with the macroeconomic headwinds of the exchange rate movements and how that's impacting consumer demand in the region.
John A. Bryant: Eric, I don't have that math to hand. But I think it is fair to say that we have some headwinds this year that, in some respects, masks our underlying performance and as we go into 2016 with those headwinds. And I think that's another reason why we have confidence that we are building momentum and will be a better position as we go into 2016.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, Rob. So our initiative is progressing well in North America. And, as we said earlier, we would be rolling that out across the globe as well. We have not started that work yet, but that should be beginning in 2016. We continue to have very good visibility to the $100 million of savings that we've communicated on zero-based budgeting, and that's specifically in North America. And you may recall, we said we're interrogating around $2 billion worth of discretionary spend. Now, that is just $2 billion within North America. So far, we've identified a number of things. We're looking across supply chain costs, supply chain overhead, distribution costs, and SG&A as well. We've noted a number of areas around our policies and practices, based on benchmarks that we have from this process. An example is travel and people-related costs. We found that we're investing or spending more money in some of those areas and there's a great opportunity to pull back. We've interrogated professional services as well. And we're looking into brand-building as well and dissecting our brand-building investment, both from a working perspective and a non-working perspective. One other thing that I do want to point out as well, as we get into 2016 and we provide more information on our guidance, we are unlikely to provide guidance around our gross margin percent and our brand-building percent to sales as well. Now, let me assure you, both of these are absolutely critical to our business. And we remain focused on investing behind our brands and building our brands and maintaining a strong gross margin. But the advent of zero-based budgeting and how that may change the complexion of our profit and loss statement as well as the changing landscape, how you build brands, the shift of TV media to digital media as well and the investments we're putting back in our food, make it difficult for us to provide specifics on those items.
Ronald L. Dissinger: What I'm saying is we won't be providing those details going forward. Obviously, we have a plan and understand where our gross margin and our brand-building are going, but we won't be providing those details because of the shifting landscape as a result of our zero-based budgeting initiative.
Ronald L. Dissinger: So we haven't quantified that specifically, Eric, but it's probably 20 basis points or 30 basis points of impact that we're seeing within our business, depending upon which quarter you're looking at, based on the roll-out of granolas and mueslis across the globe, the renovation we're doing around Special K and some of our other foods as well.
Ronald L. Dissinger: In some cases, Eric, we are having to change our foods. It's requiring us to pull turn product from shelf and re-slot new product in its place. So these are listing fees, in some cases, associated with them.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Absolutely, Andrew. So we do have an expectation for slightly higher interest costs, with the potential for rates moving higher into next year. In addition, we're seeing lower than normal tax rate this year, as a result of tax planning initiatives that we've undertaken. We communicated a 26% to 27% rate for 2015. So we do expect that rate to tick up slightly. And then offsetting that are the normal share repurchases that we'll conduct over the course of the year.
Ronald L. Dissinger: In terms of our gross margin performance for next year, obviously, we haven't quantified it yet. And you're right. We are seeing some deflation in some of the exchange-traded commodities. Now obviously, that's just the commodity aspect of that item. We are seeing inflation, though, in other commodity elements. For example, fruits, nuts, cocoa, rice are escalating. And we're seeing higher distribution costs and slightly higher factory costs, but we're being able to offset that with our strong productivity initiatives and Project K savings as well. So overall, at this point in time, we're expecting our input costs to be relatively neutral, offset by our productivity.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yeah, good question, Bryan. Thanks for allowing me to clarify. That will impact us as we go through the back half of this year. So this is the translational impact associated with remeasuring Venezuela from the 6.3 bolivar to the U.S. dollar to effectively 200 bolivar to the U.S. dollar. So you'll see an impact for that translational change through the back half of 2015 and into the first half of 2016 as well.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Will depend on the size of the business, but, yes, a little bit lower as we move into the front half of next year.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yeah, so first of all, in Venezuela, let me remind you of how that remeasurement has impacted our results. And then, as well, there's a translational impact. So in the second quarter, we took a significant charge as a result of our revaluing our balance sheet. We took a small charge as well in the third quarter for about $0.41 of earnings per share impact. It's more the transactional impact of remeasuring that business. Also in the third quarter, we would've taken the translational impact of remeasuring that business to the 200 bolivar to the U.S. dollar. And that's roughly around $0.04 or so of earnings per share impact. And, as I said, in terms of a sales impact, it was a little less than half of that 10 point impact to sales.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure. So first, Project K, after-tax cash for the entire four-year project is about $1 billion. That includes capital spending and the other elements of cash to execute the program. More than half of that will have occurred through 2015 business. So we were well over $200 million last year, approximately $350 million this year. So our cash requirements are a bit less as we move into 2016 and 2017 and then closing up in 2018. Just a thing and I think it's important to note in both 2014 and 2015, we focused on our working capital improvements and essentially we have been able to offset that impact of the increased cash for Project K through working capital improvements and specifically the supplier-financing initiative.
