Fareed A. Khan: Sure. Yeah. What I'd add is, again, if you take out the DSD impact and you look at Q1 and Q2, our organic growth rate in both those quarters was right around 2%, and underpinning that is pretty broad-based growth across our whole portfolio. So Asia, strong growth; Latin America, as you pointed to – and if you double-click on Latin America, you actually do see strong growth across all the regions there. The recent Parati acquisition that we made in Brazil is still growing double digits. And they've weathered the trucking strike, despite the headwinds that, as you could expect, would come with that. And then to Steve's point about Europe, in the first half, we were lapping some of the challenges around the price increases we were putting through the market and the retailer disruption. And with that also came a pullback in promotions that are relevant for our year-on-year gross margin comps. And Europe is coming back strongly. The Pringles business in Europe has had a phenomenal run, helped in part by some good promotions around soccer. And cereal, as we talked about in Q1, we're seeing that business stabilize and very encouraging trends. And in the U.S., we're in four growth categories. And the R-tech (33:40) category has significantly improved in terms of its sequential consumption performance. And we like what we see in velocities. We like what we're seeing in share growth now across the brands, and these are very broad-based. So the outlook reflects how we're running, very encouraging signs kind of at the brand level in terms of how we're performing in market. But it's still early days. And I think we're taking a prudent approach to the second half, recognizing some of the tougher comps we'll have in Europe, in U.S. Snacks coming out of DSD. And also our Frozen business has been very strong, really accelerated towards the end of last year, and we factored that into the outlook as well.
Fareed A. Khan: Sure. It's Fareed. Thanks for the question. Let me just remind the drivers, because there are sort of three main buckets. The most significant factor in gross margin was the mechanical effective of the DSD and the Multipro, right. And those will cycle through DSD this quarter and then Multipro will have a few more quarters. So that's sort of a mechanical impact that just reflects those areas. The other thing I'd point out is that again in Q2, we were able to offset pretty significant cost inflation, especially around logistics, but also in other areas through efficiencies and productivity. And so don't read into our margin that somehow we've got sort of crushed by inflation. It is a watch-out going forward, and I think that's where some of the RGM thinking comes into it. And then you kind of get into the core. And there's a set of things where we pulled back on some promotions last year in Europe because of the price negotiations, as we were working through those. And also in snacks, as we were in the middle of DSD and so lapping those is part of the headwind. And then the other part, as you pointed out, was just mix. And so emerging markets, we're seeing really strong growth and that has an effect. And the multi-pack and the single-serve, really seeing strong growth there, which is terrific over time because we are under-indexed on those on-the-go formats and so it's a great broader opportunity. It just came much faster than we were expecting, frankly. And so we had been using third-party co-packers. We had to soft of adjust very quickly from a supply chain perspective and it, frankly, caught us a little bit off guard in terms of having the process optimization, having the automation in our facilities. And we've got investments against that. We're accelerating it. Over time, those'll be margin accretive, as you would expect. Short-term, it's a headwind. So those are the main factors. And so as we look at our gross margin performance, I think all of these things over time are addressable, some very mechanical, and I think others just from a mix perspective is what we saw in this particular quarter.
Fareed A. Khan: Absolutely. I think the headline is that Project K is absolutely delivering against our expectations. And so all the prior guidance we've given around that project is still very much intact. 2018 is the last year of the investments, if you will, whether it's restructuring costs or some of the CapEx that's associated with that. However, we still have some savings that we've talked about half coming in 2018, and a little more than half in 2018, and the remainder coming in 2019. So we're going to see the upfront costs, the investments finish this year, but we've got another year in 2019 of benefits that we'll wrap. And the most significant item this year was the DSD exit that was part of it, and it was a very significant driver. And you will see that a little bit now, but even more so as we get into the second half of how that is impacting our Snacks business, and the significant reduction in overhead, and then the associated operating profit margin expansion in that business.
Fareed A. Khan: Yeah. So I think part of that, Ken – it's Fareed – is, I think, the investments that we've been making on brand building. I think if you go back to the Q4, we talked about putting $50 million in Q4 of incremental investment, and another $50 million over Q1 and Q2, and we've actually put more than that against the business. And the logic is, we're actually seeing the results in-market and feel good about the ROIs and the results that are being generated from that. I think the mix shifts that we talked about, those we can address over time. In the short-term, it takes a while to get process automation, sort through some of the supply chain. So I think there's some of that tail's going to come into place. And then, you're right about, you mentioned the hurricane laps, as well as some of the tougher comps we talked about in Europe, as well as Snacks, and a little bit in Frozen. There's a little bit of higher interest expense, as well. We took on some additional debt for RXBAR and the Multipro acquisitions, very manageable levels of debt, but that factors in, as well. And then if you step back, we still want to take a prudent approach, right? We really like what we're seeing in the top line. We've been able to cover inflation with savings initiatives for the first half. But as we look forward, we don't see those pressures abating, and we're probably likely to be more in an inflationary environment. Now, we've got RGM levers and other things that we'll put against that, but we'll have to see how those play out. So I think those are the factors. And then the Q3, Q4 phasing is really all about the timing of brand building last year versus this year, as the most significant factors.
Fareed A. Khan: I'd just add there's pricing considerations in everything that we do, so as we're launching products, as we're thinking about price-pack architecture, as we're thinking about reformulations, all those are opportunities into how we think about it. Rice Krispies Treats with single-serve formats, the Eggo Thick & Fluffy example I think we used in the last quarter, all ways where you can really bring value to consumers and to the channel and, as Steve said, earn it that way. Now that said, this is something we've got to continue to consider in the context of what's likely to be continued inflationary pressures. And that's absolutely not lost on us and the importance that that could have. So that's about the level of detail we feel comfortable kind of getting into on this call.
Fareed A. Khan: So the first thing I would do is I'd think about the country mix, right, and you think about just the strong growth that we're seeing in emerging markets, and so that's a factor. Other brands that are also growing strongly have an effect. The cereal category is one of our stronger margin businesses. And then, you get into these more kind of short-term things that we've been facing around just very specific single-serve, multi-pack type of formats, and that's something that's very addressable because, inherently, these are very attractive margin profile types of opportunities. And that's just a matter of kind of aligning our supply chain and fulfillment. And, frankly, that's where we've been seeing a lot of growth, not solely, but that's been a stronger growth area than we have expected. And the other factor which is going to solve itself over time, too, is just the year-over-year differences in promotional types of investments that hit margin as well, where last year we pulled back in a couple of key businesses for different reasons, but as we lap those, that's a headwind, but those will start to normalize as well.
Fareed A. Khan: Sure. It's Fareed again. I mean, the biggest factor on margin was the mechanical impact of DSD, which was the single largest, and then Multipro. And think about that as sort of two-thirds, if you will. The other piece is what you suggested. And if you kind of parse that out, is that we will expect to see our emerging markets business continue to outpace the core. That's our strategy, and so that dynamic will be a factor. I think some of the quarter-on-quarter promotional differences, those will be behind us. And over time, on the co-packer scenario, as I mentioned, we'll address that. But that's not going to happen in a single quarter, but we're already on that. We started to see that portion of the business really accelerate as we were working our way through Q1, and so it's been on the radar. We've been refocusing some of our investments, and some of the incremental CapEx is going directly at that area. So I think what we'll see is the DSD mechanical impact coming out this quarter. Multipro, we have a little bit more to lap. The emerging markets growth relative to core, that's going be an ongoing factor. And we'll then really be in the how quickly we can get behind sort of the single-serve and multi-pack. And these are great areas to be growing in, because it's we're under-indexed. It's incremental, and it's sort of where the consumer is going. And so it's the right place to be and the right place to grow. We just got to get our supply chain caught up with the demand.
Fareed A. Khan: If I could just add, we are coming at this very much kind of brand by brand and bottom up, and so we're learning a lot about how they're performing. And while we like what we see, there's still, you have certain brands, Cheez-It is a great example, where that growth has really come back strongly. And it's responding very well to the investments. There's other brands that are beginning to turn, but we were still finding that right balance of investment versus return on each of those. And so, that's the level that we're looking at it. And, again, this is new territory because Snacks is in a fundamentally different place than it was a year ago, but the investments behind these seem to be working well in terms of velocity and share. And we like what we see and we'll continue to kind of find that right balance. And I think another quarter or two, we'll learn an awful lot about where the right spot to be is.
Steven A. Cahillane: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Ken. I always like say that good suppliers and manufacturers earn price. They don't take price. And we're working very hard to earn price. One of the things we mentioned around kind of the margin compression was single-serve, and so we're driving much more single-serve than we have in the past. Now, our supply chain has got to catch up to that. So we'll, first and foremost, look to productivity to cover all of our input costs, including transportation inflation and so forth, and Revenue Growth Management to make up the balance of it. And we see good opportunities to continue to do that. Eggo is a good example, Eggo Thick & Fluffy, where we relaunched that line with new packaging, which was much more premium in nature with a new additional food, which was double chocolate. And we got a 12% increase in price and it worked for everybody. It worked for the consumer because they absolutely love the product. It had almost zero elasticity. It worked for the retailer extremely well because it's a higher ring on the same margin for them. It works well for us. And so those are the types of examples as we think about an inflationary environment, what can we do to add more value to our brands so that we can earn more price in the marketplace? So start with continued productivity to cover as much as we possibly can and earn price on the way back, so that we can continue to expand our margins over time and continue to grow our top-line and strike that right balance.
Steven A. Cahillane: And, Ken, if I can just add to that. We're in a good place as we sit here at the half-year margin, and I think Fareed outlined mechanically very well how we think about the back half of the year. But we're here at the half-year able to say that some of our big brands are growing. And they're growing because of this type of investment that we're putting behind them. And it's a great place to be able to talk about Pringles, Cheez-It, Rice Krispies Treats, Eggo, Morningstar Farms, RX, Bear Naked, Frosted Flakes, Froot Loops, all growing, all these are big brands. And on their way, Kashi much better performing than it has been historically, as well as Special K, which was a huge leaky bucket, now stabilized. So we said we wanted to restore and increase brand building investment in order to drive the top line, and we are seeing that happening. So at the half-year, we're taking a prudent approach for the rest of the year, but we like where we are.
Steven A. Cahillane: Yeah, Robert, thanks for the question. For competitive reasons, we don't want to give a blueprint to everybody, so we have not been disclosing the impact of price. You can see overall what's happened in terms of the savings coming through. We're not charging for the DSD component anymore, but we're competitive on price and we like where the brands are priced. We like the velocity that we're seeing in the market, and the DSD savings that we had planned are all coming through.
Steven A. Cahillane: Yeah. Thanks for the question, David. I think in terms of the Snacks business, I think I'd be comfortable if you look at what the category is doing. We should be able to keep up with the category kind of as a basic level to think about. Ex-DSD, we do have some tougher comps coming in the second half, which you'll take note of, but we're through the DSD transition, by and large. I think the team has done an exceptional job at what was a very, very complex undertaking, and we like where the brands are. We mentioned Rice Krispies Treats is really on fire, and we're having a hard time even keeping up with production of that. And the big brands, Cheez-It, back in growth. Pringles wasn't part of DSD, but Pringles growing nicely. So we like where the brands are, but if you think about just where the category is, we should grow with the category or better as we think about on a long-term go-forward basis. In terms of RXBAR, RXBAR's consumption is up triple digits. It's a very strong brand. In terms of measured Nielsen share, it's gone up substantially, more than doubling from year-over-year. It's the fastest growth in the category and is doing exceptionally well with consumers and even as it grows distribution. In terms of competition, whenever you have something that is as special as RXBAR, as successful as RXBAR, you're going to get a lot of me-too's. And we are seeing that happen. We're not seeing any that are gaining traction right now, but we are far, far from complacent. Peter Rahal and his team are doing just a fantastic job continuing to build loyalty with consumers. They have just a passionate, passionate consumer base. It's a very authentic product. It's seen as real. And it's the first one kind of in this space. And it's always tough as a marketer to come up and copy something and get the same level of authenticity. So not at all complacent, always thinking about the competitive environment, but driving very, very hard around innovation with: the Kids line, which is out now; the Nut Butter line, which is just launching. And the business continues to show tremendous velocity and great innovation and great loyalty with consumers. So we like the business a lot. We like where it can go in the United States. In the back half of this year and early next year, you'll see us introduce it in European markets and in Canada, so we think the brand can travel as well. And we're just very, very pleased with the acquisition. And we're very, very pleased with the team and all they've done to continue to grow that brand in such a substantial way.
Steven A. Cahillane: Yeah, thanks for the question, Bryan. I think a couple of things. You should think about the snacks DSD exit as a fundamental reset, which we said we were going to do, to go away from low ROI DSD cost into high ROI brand building investment. So that was a significant reset. On top of that, we've been feeding the brands more to get them back to growth, because we know that the long-term algorithm that we have out there will build significant shareholder value, but you've got to get the top line growing. And all the investments are designed to do exactly that. So broadly speaking, I think you can look at what we've done and say it's never going to be a steady-state, because we're going to continue to take a relentless approach around are we getting the right ROIs, are we spending the right way, and measuring that constantly to make sure that we're getting the right bang for our buck. But we like where it is right now. We'll be dynamic and agile as we go forward in the future, so I won't say it's exactly where it needs to be, plus or minus, but we like where we are a lot better than where we've been with the Snacks reset and a lot more good brand building investment around our biggest brands. And, as I said earlier, it's good to be in a position where we are today, where we can talk at the half-year point about all these big brands growing around the world. And if we can continue that, it's got good positive momentum. And you get the flywheel spinning, and it starts to work and these brands can fund themselves. So broadly speaking, I think we like where we are today. And it was based on a lot of hard work coming out of the DSD transition, as well as a big lean in the fourth quarter of last year and all through this year, actually spending well above the $100 million that we said and above what we had budgeted.
Steven A. Cahillane: Yeah, thank you for the question, Pablo. We think about our M&A strategy holistically. And so, a good guide to the way we think about it would be RXBAR in the U.S. filled a white space for us, doing extremely well. And then developing markets, snacks has been obviously a big focus for us with Pringles. And so, if we see those types of opportunities, we would clearly look at them. And it's a build versus a buy type of thing. So Pringles is doing extremely well all around the world. And we'll continue to drive that, but if we see opportunities that can add shareholder value in the developing markets, we clearly will look at them. Probably more snacks-led in the U.S., more kind of wholesome-led, health and wellness-led and big focus on developing markets, but if we found another RXBAR in a developed markets, we'd clearly be interested in that as well.
