John A. Bryant: Thanks, Simon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. We are pleased to have reported results that have met our expectations in the fourth quarter of 2015. We saw good growth in both currency neutral comparable net sales and operating profit and the individual performances of many of our businesses were strong, with currency neutral comparable sales growth in U.S. Cereal, U.S. Specialty Channels, Europe, Latin America, and Asia Pacific. We continue to build momentum and trends continue to improve. And importantly, as you've seen in the public data, our consumption increased in the U.S. Cereal business in the fourth quarter and we gained share. Obviously, this continued momentum had a positive impact on overall results in both the fourth quarter and for the full year. The broad-based quarterly performance led to the underlying full-year currency neutral comparable net sales and operating profit results that were in line with our expectation. 2015's performance represented an improvement from 2014's results and we're continuing to build momentum in 2016. Comparable currency neutral earnings were $3.81 per share, at the high end of our guidance range, and full year cash flow of $1.1 billion was also in line with our recently increased estimates and we have excellent earnings visibility as we continue to make great progress executing Project K and implementing zero-based budgeting. So we met or exceeded our targets for 2015, and the performance we achieved set a great base for growth and the momentum we've built provides us with confidence as we enter the year. So now let's turn to slide four and more detail on our expectations for 2016. The momentum we built in 2015 was the result of better innovation, better support, better execution, and some of the visibility provided by our cost savings programs. And we expect this level of execution and the momentum to continue in 2016. Specifically, we're very pleased with the momentum that we built in the U.S. Cereal business. We ended the year with fourth quarter consumption growth of more than 2% for the Kellogg brand and a share gain of 70 basis points, and results in December were even better. I'll talk about this in more detail in a few minutes. The Project K and zero-based budgeting programs will each generate $100 million in savings in 2016. That's $200 million in total flexibility that we'll use to continue to drive top-line growth and increase margins. Importantly, as you heard at the Investor Day a couple of months ago, we're excited about the plans we have to drive growth in North America and in each of the international regions, and we will remain focused on executing those plans throughout 2016. We're investing in the top-line by improving our food, by introducing great new innovation across categories and businesses, by increasing the geographic expansion of Pringles, by improving sales capabilities, and by focusing on other activities designed to help us win where the shopper shops. So we're pleased that all this has put us back on our long-term growth algorithm in 2016. Specifically, we still expect low-single-digit revenue growth, mid-single-digit operating profit growth and earnings per share growth of 6% to 8%, all on a currency neutral comparable basis. Ron will discuss this in a minute. We're excited about our plans across all the areas of our business and are very encouraged by the impact our actions are making. And with that, I'll turn it over to Ron for a discussion of our financial results.
John A. Bryant: Great. Thanks, David. I'll take the Cereal questions and the sales growth questions. I'll hand ZBB over to Ron. There's no question that the additional investments made in our sales organization as part of our Project K reinvestments absolutely helped the performance of our U.S. Cereal business. In addition, our U.S. Cereal business has been helped by some of the great food improvements we've made, such as Special K Red Berries; some of the outstanding brand building programs we have such as the Raisin Bran program out there. But in-store execution this year has been significantly better than in the past and I think the U.S. sales reps, U.S. sales team have done a tremendous job of improving the in-store execution and driving the performance of that business. Because of those changes, because of the momentum we're seeing in the U.S. Cereal business, we actually are quite optimistic about 2016. I think if you asked me back on the third quarter conference call, our expectations for U.S. Cereal, we would have defined flat sales in 2016 as success. Given the strength of U.S. Cereal across 2015, we'd actually expect our U.S. Cereal business to grow slightly, a couple of percent in 2016. The Morning Foods business obviously includes more things than just U.S. Cereal. There's the Pop-Tarts business in there, which is also doing well, and Health & Wellness business. But in aggregate, I'd say that total business we expect to be up slightly in 2016.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Alexia, and great question. You're right. We've had a disappointing couple of years in U.S. Snacks. We've talked a lot in the context of our Cereal business about Special K. The Special K has also had a fundamental impact to our Snacks business. We've had a headwind from Special K in Snacks over the last couple of years. You've seen that come through in our cracker business with Special K cracker chips. It's come through in our Wholesome Snacks business with Special K Bars. The good news is where we have renovated those foods similar to what we've done in Cereal, we're seeing the business stabilize. And so Special K cracker chips is stabilizing and Special K Chewy Nuts bars actually are doing quite well in the Wholesome Snacks business. So if you look at that, that headwind is still there to a degree but to a much less degree. And as we go forward, we expect some of the tailwinds in the business to become more evident. So we've had strong growth in Cheez-It over the last several years. We're seeing good growth in Pringles; we're seeing good growth in Rice Krispies Treats and Wholesome Snacks. Our cookie business is stable the last couple of quarters. So we've actually seen better trends within the business. So as we go forward into 2016, we expect to return this business to top line growth, although modest, and we absolutely expect to return the business to bottom line growth. So we recognize that's been an area of weakness for us. Deanie and the team have taken actions to address it and we feel much better about our 2016 outlook and you're actually seeing it in the consumption data even in 2015, and the consumption in the fourth quarter for 2015 was stronger than the prior parts of the year and we're seeing sequential improvement as we go through the year.
John A. Bryant: Jason, if I could just add to what Ron said, there's absolutely no impediment to us improving our margins. We're absolutely committed to doing that. You'll see that in 2016 and beyond.
John A. Bryant: Well, Ken, on private label data, you get the same data that we do. I think private label has been soft in a number of our categories now for a number of years. And I suspect what's happening there is that the U.S. consumer is getting stronger. Obviously, lower petrol prices is putting more cash into people's pockets, et cetera. And at the same time, you've got the branded players I think playing a much better game. We're investing back in our food. We've got strong brands. We've got outstanding in-store execution. All of those elements drive our business and provide a stronger offering. And, so, I think the trends, not just in Cereal, not just in the U.S., but in some of the other markets, but also in some of the other categories in the U.S., we've seen pretty weak private label sales now for a number of years.
John A. Bryant: Yeah, great question. So within our U.S. Snacks business, we have four large segments or businesses, one of which is Wholesome Snacks. Within that, the key is to have great food that's on trend. Where we have that, we're growing strongly. So, Rice Krispies Treats is up high single digits in the fourth quarter. Some of our foods, though, are not as on-trend as they need to be. We've been renovating some of that food with Special K Chewy Nut Bar. We have worked on Nutri-Grain, et cetera, some Nutri-Grain bars coming out. So we believe we have strong brands. Our Wholesome Snacks piece is more about ensuring all of our foods are on trend. There's work that's been done there. We've done that work; we've seen better results and there's still more to do. But if you look at that Snacks business in totality, we have other large businesses in there beyond just the Cereal bar side, including crackers, where we have a strongly advantaged footprint, particularly with Cheez-It, where we're seeing strong growth. We have Pringles, and for Pringles around the world, we're seeing double-digit growth in Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific, and low-single-digit growth in North America. We believe we have an opportunity to drive much more growth around Pringles in North America as we go into 2016 and that will help our U.S. Snacks results. We have great areas of strength within cookies as well. So, as you think about our Snacks business, yes, there's some challenges on Wholesome Snacks. I think the answer to that is renovate, improve the food, continue to have strong brands, continue to execute in store, but it's really a food discussion. I think we're making great progress there. And then we have other sources of growth within that Snacks business. That's why we have confidence we'll get that business back to growth in 2016.
John A. Bryant: Now, remember, we're pricing to offset inflation. So it's possible that could throw off more profit but it remains to be seen. There are margin controls within Venezuela. Some may have the question as well, so why haven't we deconsolidated Venezuela, and let me just put that out there. In terms of Venezuela, we operate in a preferred industry, food, within the country and most of our inputs are locally sourced. Remember, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, one of the key criteria for deconsolidating is exchangeability of currency. We've been able to exchange bolivar for U.S. dollar in the fourth quarter of 2015 and also here in January of 2016. We have control over our business. As I said, we're profitable in local currency as well. We re-measured to the SIMADI rate in 2015 so it has become a smaller portion of our business as a result of that. We continue to monitor and manage the business and our team there is doing a superb job at that.
John A. Bryant: Just one thing I would add to that, if you think about Project K, that's that is giving us additional savings in 2016, 2017, 2018. We have ZBB for North America in 2016, additional rollout in 2017, international will be partially 2016, 2017, 2018. What we're working on as a company is not just having great earnings visibility into 2016 but into 2017, 2018 and beyond. So we're building a long-term pipeline of productivity programs here to drive that long-term earnings visibility.
John A. Bryant: Well, Eric, firstly, I think you're right on brand building, we have industry-leading levels of brand building. Obviously investing in our brands is important, but we have enough fuel in the tank to do what we need to do. So as you look at 2016, we expect our brand building to be largely flat to 2015. So I think we have the money there that we need to have. Obviously we are, as I told you, back at Day K, we're very focused on improving margins over time and we're very, very focused on getting back on our long-term growth algorithm. Our long-term growth algorithm, our 4% to 6% operating profit bottom line growth is a target, it's not a ceiling, and obviously the company will continue to do what we can do to drive performance over time.
John A. Bryant: Well, Eric, I think some of the $100 million of ZBB savings are within the brand building line, it's likely to get spent back into the brand building line. As you look at 2016, we're obviously continuing to invest back into our food. We're also investing back into the emerging markets. So I think you'll start to see the strategy to come through even in the regional results. As you look at 2016, we expect strong profit growth in North America and Europe, but now we're investing back in Asia Pacific and Latin America. So you'll see our investment decisions and where we're driving for margin come through our results as we go through 2016.
John A. Bryant: That's great question. As we think about our business, we require three things to really drive our business. One is to have great food. Second is strong bands and the third is in-store execution. And you think about that in-store execution, as you say, we're very pleased with the U.S. Cereal business, which is a warehouse sales organization. Our Snacks business is a DSD sales organization. We've made investments back into that organization as well. We're very happy with the power of DSD and the ability to win in-store with that system. I think the opportunity in our Snacks business is making sure the food is absolutely on trend and that's where we're focused and making great progress.
John A. Bryant: Okay, everyone. Thanks very much. We'll be around, as usual, for questions, and we look forward to seeing everybody next week. Thanks.
Ronald L. Dissinger: So in terms of zero-based budgeting, David, first, we're on track and the project is progressing well, as we had said. Now, remember, we're targeting over $2 billion worth of discretionary spend in North America for the start of the program, and the areas that we're targeting are in general administrative overhead, distribution costs, brand building and supply chain overhead as well. As we said, we still expect to save $100 million in 2016, but what I would point out is that's not a ceiling in terms of our savings, okay. This is a multiyear program and we obviously believe that there are more opportunities for savings and then we're implementing a process to make sure that we can sustain those savings. We are reinvesting some of those savings back into our business. For example, we're refining money in brand building. We're taking some opportunity to reinvest back into brand building for revenue growth. And as we've talked all along, we're investing money back into our food as well. Our international regions are underway. So we have started the work in all of our international regions at this point in time. Kicked off the process, dissecting our spend, identifying the opportunities as well. Some specific areas or learnings in terms of where we're seeing savings. So we look to cost of goods sold, for example, we've identified opportunities in our transportation and warehousing costs. We've done a deep dive in professional and contracted services and found some money there. And on people-related costs, things like travel, relocation, things of that nature, we've implemented policy changes to impact and benefit our cost structure. As I mentioned, we're finding some money in brand building as well around media, non-working media, as well as TV media. But, again, we're investing some of that back into the business to drive revenue growth. So overall, project is progressing well, remains on track.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yeah. So let me just talk a little bit about our cost structure within cost of goods sold for 2016. Overall, we do expect net deflation driving gross margin expansion, and I'm speaking specifically excluding Venezuela. We're seeing a lot of volatility and inflation in Venezuela. So set Venezuela aside. Excluding Venezuela, we expect gross margin expansion. We are seeing raw and packaging material deflation in 2016. We also have our base productivity improvements, Project K, and we've set Project K that $100 million. About 75% to 80% of that runs through cost of goods sold. On the zero-based budgeting savings that we quoted, a little less than half of that is coming through cost of goods sold. But remember, Jason, we've said all along that we were going to invest in our food, and we've done that in 2015, and we're doing it in 2016. Renovating our foods, and launching granolas and mueslis based on consumer trends that we're seeing. That investment in food remains at about a 50 basis point headwind in relation to our gross margin performance. The other thing that we have impacting us in 2016 is some transactional currency exposure. So we had good hedges in 2015, some of those are rolling off and what we're seeing is some headwind, particularly around the Canadian dollar and the peso, but also some of the other international currencies as they've weakened versus the U.S. dollar. Now we're seeing about a 40 basis point headwind in relation to transactional currency exposure. So all up, slight net deflation and some gross margin expansion in 2016.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Jason, if you go back to our Investor Day and what we shared at the Investor Day, and I believe we even showed a chart at CAGNY, we did say that we had operating margin improvement opportunities in North America, where we may expect to grow our sales around low-single digits over the long-term. We said we had 200 to 250 basis points worth of operating margin expansion. And as you look at 2016 and how you'll see that play out for North America, you will see strong operating margin expansion within that business as a result of the zero-based budgeting work that they are doing and also savings from Project K.
Ronald L. Dissinger: You're absolutely right, Ken. So that's EPS dollars based on the things that I mentioned in terms of currency headwinds and below the line.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure. So let me give you a little bit of color on how our cash flow kind of holds together and the $1.1 billion that we guided after capital spending. And first, I think it's important to note that in 2016, we are converting net income to cash flow after capital spending at a rate of 100%. And in 2015, we actually did better than that. So we have a slightly elevated capital spending in 2016. We're in the 4% to 5% range. That includes Pringles growth, some capital behind that growth, and then as well some cash for Project K. Our cash for Project K is a couple of $100 million and what we're doing is we're continuing to roll out that supplier financing initiative to offset the cash requirements for Project K. We did just that in 2015 and we were able to offset the cash requirements for Project K based on the improvements we saw in our core working capital. So, we're expecting the same thing in 2016, and that's what's allowing us to convert our net income to cash at 100%.
Ronald L. Dissinger: So it remains to be seen. Obviously, our teams are progressing that initiative as fast as possible. We haven't provided any outlook in terms of 2016 from the international regions and we'll provide you an update when we have that, but our teams are trying to generate savings as quickly as possible from ZBB.
Ronald L. Dissinger: So the $0.04 on Venezuela in the front part of the year is part of the $0.10 of currency that I communicated. So that rolls right through our comparable earnings per share performance. The $0.02 to $0.03 is integration costs. And we do typically walk those out of comparable. That's to integrate those businesses.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yeah, fair enough and we're not trying to guide on capital spending for 2017 at this point in time. But on Pringles, I'd say we're growing this business very quickly, as John mentioned. We're growing high-single digits overall as a company and double-digits in some of the regions. So we're investing capital in 2016, but we see a glide path for continued growth and likely continued capital investment. Obviously, we're trying to squeeze as much capacity out of the current assets that we have, Eric, but we'll continue to invest behind that business as long as we're seeing strong growth.
