John A. Bryant: Thilo, there's a couple ways of thinking about that question, and I think the answer depends a little bit by business. So if we look at the cereal business, particularly in some of the large developed markets, I think it's primarily a Desire opportunity, a category relevance opportunity. And so you'll see us investing back more in our developed cereal business, in category-building activities, category-relevance activities in markets like the U.S., U.K., Australia and Canada. We'll also selectively invest back in Delight. There is some food investment opportunities there as well. If I go to the snacks business in the U.S., I think the opportunity in snacks is more in the Decide phase. It's more about in-store execution. And so what you're seeing us do there is invest back into our U.S. sales organization, invest back into the DSD system, specifically, and reduce the number of stores per route, so our people can spend more time in store and execute more effectively.
John A. Bryant: No, absolutely not. If I step back and talk about the cereal category for a minute, and I'll use the U.S. as an example, the breakfast occasion in the U.S. is actually still growing. If you look at the range of food items consumed at breakfast in the U.S. in the home, it's actually up about 3% through the back part of last year. And in that context, cereal is the #1 item consumed at breakfast and has a very high household penetration. When we look at what's happening within cereal, we're losing people to other categories such as eggs, toast, peanut butter, yogurt, et cetera. We're not losing people to any one category in particular. And when we ask people why they're leaving, there's no one negative item, and in fact, there's no real negative item. In fact, when we talk to consumers about why they're eating less cereal, we call it an unconscious migration because the answer we get is generally "I didn't realize I was eating less cereal in the week." So as we think about what we need to do on cereal, is we need to tell our story more effectively about the benefits of eating cereal for breakfast. One way to think about that is to move our model from a focus on winning in the cereal category, brand versus brand within cereal, to winning with cereal at the breakfast occasion and looking at the benefits and communicating the benefits of cereals to the consumers relative to some of the other alternatives at the broader breakfast occasion. And while the challenge for us to do that is to do that in a way that we own the outcome, we own the growth in the category. And we think we can do that by activating the strongest brand we have, which is the Kellogg brand. And to put that into context, Kellogg is the #1 food CPG brand as ranked by Interbrand. So we have strong insights and messaging around the benefits of cereal using the Kellogg masterbrand, and you'll see more of that category-building activity as we go through the middle of this year in some of these major cereal markets. And we believe we can absolutely win with cereal at the breakfast occasion.
John A. Bryant: David, I think we still believe the wholesome snacks business is absolutely a good category to be in. To be frank, we're disappointed by the performance of our wholesome snacks business. If we peel the onion back, Nutri-Grain and Rice Krispies Treats actually are still doing reasonably well in the category. We have some weakness specifically around Special K and FiberPlus. As I said in the prepared remarks, we need to focus back on the core within these wholesome snacks. And as we look at 2014, we expect this business to continue to be a challenge. But I think a big part for us to win in this business, strong innovation, brand building and in-store execution, and particularly the area of in-store execution, where I think we have an opportunity to reinvest back within our DSD organization and improve the execution in store over time. So we have a good core business. We probably had some innovation in that business that hasn't stuck in the marketplace. It's a bit of a drag on us, and we need to focus back on the core, improve some of the core food and improve the in-store execution as well.
John A. Bryant: I believe the wholesome snacks business, which we position largely as breakfast on the go, is still a category that can continue to grow as it meets the needs of consumers, more portable breakfast solutions. So I think that one has a good category opportunity. I think with cereal, we just have a lot of different alternatives to that breakfast occasion. And if you look at our share of voice, it's probably been declining over time at a category level relative to some of that competition. And we have an opportunity to sharpen our messaging, to increase our investment a little bit and drive the relevance of the cereal category back. So I see them as 2 distinct discussions.
John A. Bryant: Thank you, Matthew. So I think if you look at brands like Mini-Wheats, you're actually seeing that brand strengthen over time. And if you look at brands like Raisin Bran, you're actually seeing good growth when we get behind a healthy dividends-type messaging. So when we have clear insights, good messaging, we can absolutely drive these businesses. And I think if you're looking within some of the more recent consumption data, say, some of the published data in January, I think you are seeing some timing of activity between our Olympics activity, which is more February, and our Share Your Breakfast activity, which is March as opposed to January. What I will say in January, on Special K, specifically, is we did not have as strong a resolution event as we would have hoped. And that is some short-term softness in Special K as a result in January. There is a broader macro trend against some of these weight management-type propositions, not just Special K in cereal but some other similar propositions in other categories. And there is some general softness in that. Special K remains a very strong brand. I think we need to re-amp the messaging and find another angle in with the consumers. We have some work to do on Special K in general. I think that is part of the weakness we're seeing in the category, not just in the U.S. but some of the other developed markets.
John A. Bryant: Well, Robert, we have not really activated Kellogg for a very long period of time. It's a very strong brand, so we're very confident that that brand has the capability of engaging consumers back into the category in a way that we can uniquely own. At the same time, being pragmatic, we haven't had these programs in market yet. So your question about whether we would double or triple down on the investment, I think we want to see it work before we drive a large amount of investment into it. And it's worth remembering to your point that while we are adding more brand building, we spend $1.5 billion a year in brand building. We have a lot of brand-building fuel in the engine. And if we find these programs really drive the business, we'll probably reorient money we already have as opposed to have to add a whole new money into the category.
John A. Bryant: John, as we look at that DSD business, we think we have the ability to be more effective by providing them with new tools. So we have new iPad-type based programs, applications to help them be more effective in store. In addition to that we are reducing the coverage rates, so we're going from -- each route being about 18 stores down to 12 stores, pretty meaningful move there. In terms of our competitive position, we have, quite frankly, the model is split [indiscernible] has occurred. That large sales organization is focused on a much smaller part of business, and that has been a competitive headwind for us, and we are looking to ensure that we have the right resources in store to drive that business forward.
John A. Bryant: Well, Andrew, first, on the snacks investment, the investment is actually not as large as it might sound. We spend a lot of money getting the product to the store, and then we just need to have a little bit more resources activating it, actually, in the store itself. So it's not a significant investment as it might sound in terms of reducing the store coverage, as I said earlier. It is, however, important for us to win in store to make sure that we have the resources in place to build the displays and to get the activation going. On cereal, we're focused on driving our business, which will drive the category. I believe the dynamics we're seeing in the cereal category holds true for us as it does for other manufacturers. And as we look over time, what drives this category is health and wellness, brand building, great food, and we're focused on driving the business in a sustainable way that will grow the category. I can't talk to how other manufacturers will react and what their plans will be, but I believe if you look back over time, this is a very consistent message in terms of what has driven the category historically.
John A. Bryant: So Eric, we have 3 big businesses that go through the DSD system. There's crackers, cookies, wholesome snacks. We have a fourth segment, which is part of our snacks business, which is Pringles, which goes warehouse. To answer your question, we have no plans to change that dramatically. We have a tremendous DSD system. It's an incredible execution machine. It's great ability to drive the cookie, cracker and wholesome snacks business. We just need to invest a little bit back behind that system and ensure it's set up for success.
John A. Bryant: I sit back and look at the cereal category. It's always an intensively competitive category. And I don't believe it's any more competitive today or any less than it has been historically. So I think the category is fundamentally rational. When you look at what drives this category, again, it's health and wellness, brand building, innovation, great food. It's not constantly driving down prices. Empirically, you go back to 1996 and 2010, when prices came down in the category, the category did not grow. So we are focused on driving our business the right way. We are and will remain competitive in the category, and what you see from time to time is the natural ebbs and flows of competitive activity. So for example, we have a little bit less activity out there in January relative to January last year, but we have a strong Olympics program in February. So I'm not sure what data specifically you're looking at, but be careful not to overreact to short-term movements in data from 1 month to the next in the category.
John A. Bryant: So Alexia, I think we would look at that from all angles. Firstly, if there is something that is interesting to acquire, as you've seen in the past, we have done that. I think also, as I said before, in the Desire, Decide, Delight continuum, we have an opportunity to invest some more money back in the Delight side, in other words, invest more money back into food. I think what you're seeing sometimes in Millennials is not so much lack of brand loyalty as they're looking for different food values, and some of the pre-existing businesses don't always meet their needs. And so within our portfolio, we need to have choice. We have some great brands in the portfolio that do lean towards those Millennials, and I think in those brands, we need to ensure the food really is meeting their requirements.
John A. Bryant: We will have elements of cereal growth throughout the year. So as I said, for example, in Asia-Pacific, we're seeing some good growth outside of the market, like Australia. As we think about the big, developed supermarkets, which is where we have our challenges right now, I think for very similar, consistent reasons, we need to talk more about the nutritional benefits of cereal to our consumers in those markets. While I'm excited about the plans we have for 2014, as we set the guidance we've set, we're going to be pragmatic that I expect those categories and, quite frankly, ourselves in those categories, to be down year-on-year slightly, low single digits. And because those big, developed markets are such a big percentage of the cereal business, that means it's going to be a drag on our cereal sales in the year. Obviously, we're driving to have a better performance in U.S. Snacks in 2014. And we are having tremendous success with Pringles, which will continue to help drive our snacks business, as well as some of wholesome snacks offerings we have globally. So I do expect a better performance out of the snacks business and the cereal business in 2014. Long term, I'm very confident in the potential growth of the cereal category and our cereal business, but I think it's best to be pragmatic as we look in 2014 around that business specifically.
John A. Bryant: It's really more Q2, Q3 of 2014. And that's not due to savings. That's just due to when the programs are ready and the best time to put them into the year given other calendar events. For example, the Olympics is sitting right in February. So we need separation between activation, so we don't submerge and confuse the message to consumers. And now if I could take a moment to make some concluding remarks. First, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We faced a difficult environment in 2013 in developed regions, and we expect that this will continue in 2014. However, as I've highlighted today, we have plans to address this. In fact, over the last couple of years, we've made significant strides with our broader strategy, which hasn't changed, and the plans we've talked about today fit in well with this strategy. We improved our supply chain organization. We completed the successful acquisition of Pringles, which has exceeded our expectations and has provided us with a global snacks platform. We announced and started to implement Project K, a 4-year efficiency and effectiveness program and the largest in the company's history. And we're developing and investing in ideas that will drive growth in the future. We recognize the challenges that we have, and we're taking meaningful actions that will begin to address them. This will be a journey and will require a lot of work, so I'm sure that we're making the right decisions now to drive growth in the future. And as we continue this journey, I'd again like to say thank you to all the Kellogg employees around the world. They will make all the difference, and it's their hard work that will drive our success. Thank you.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, David. On the gross inflation, so we're seeing inflation across a number of components of our cost of goods structure. First, we are seeing deflation in some of the key grades that you can see on the exchanges. But probably 80% of our material cost base, we're still seeing inflation. Things like packaging and energy are inflating significantly. That's having an impact on our cost structure. In addition to that, we've got increases in some of our factory investment and wages as well. So when you wrap it all up, we're still seeing around 3% to 4% of cost inflation. But remember, I said overall, we are expecting to see net deflation because of our strong productivity improvement programs and as well as some of the savings we get off Project K.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Ken, as you saw within the information that we shared on our guidance, we clearly stated the amount of upfront cost change in 2013 and added that back before we grew the 1% to 3% in terms of our guidance. We think it's simpler rather than trying to dissect our investments in upfront costs between base upfront cost and Project K. We think it's simpler and cleaner to just bundle everything together over the life of Project K and exclude them from our underlying results. So there's really nothing more than that. We do still have a small element of base upfront costs that we're including in our total project investment so that we can drive additional productivity investments and savings in the 3% to 4% base productivity that we strive to achieve each year.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Let me walk you through our guidance, Eric. First of all, we said approximately 1 point in terms of our sales growth. So that's driving, call it, around $60 million worth of profit accretion. And then we also said we have a little bit of net deflation. It's a little less than 1 point, and that includes Project K savings. It's driving our gross margin expansion. That's probably $60 million or so, also of profit accretion. From there, we're investing back in brand building at a rate faster than sales and advertising, also at a rate faster than sales. And then John has been talking about investing in capability, the sales execution, the category teams that we've put in place and some investment in R&D as well. And we've got a little more than 1 point, as I said, on incentive compensation headwind. We are growing operating profit and net income relatively flat as a result of the share repurchase program. So when you move to earnings per share going from flat to up -- to an operating profit up 1% to up 3%, we're getting about 1.5 to 2 points accretion related to the share repurchase program. And then we do have a little bit of headwind from tax expense. We had a lower tax rate in 2013 versus what we're expecting in 2014. So we're basically getting about 1 point of accretion below operating profit really attributable to our share repurchase program.
