John A. Bryant: Thank you, Simon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. We posted lower-than-expected results in the first quarter, in what proved to be a difficult operating environment. In fact, as you have seen in the data, volume growth across the industry and across most categories in the U.S. was challenging in the quarter. The results we announced on Monday were obviously disappointing. However, we have recognized over the years that setting realistic goals is an important driver of the success of our business. Given the difficult start to the year, we have revised our growth expectations for 2012. We believe that 2% to 3% sales growth for the year is a pragmatic goal and is one that allows us to follow our long-term model and invest in future growth. Lowering guidance is never easy, but it makes it possible for us to remain committed to our operating principles. As you'll remember from the fourth quarter call, we anticipated a continued difficult environment in specific categories and geographies throughout the year. This was certainly the case in Europe. We will discuss this in more detail later, but Europe's weak performance accounted for the majority of the impact on the quarter. As a result of this and the early weakness in the U.S., total internal revenue growth for the quarter was approximately flat, lower than we originally expected.  It's also important to note that while we've adjusted our expectations for full year revenue growth because of weaker-than-expected revenue performance in the first quarter, we've adjusted our expectations for operating profit and earnings to allow us to continue to invest in the future growth of the business, while also absorbing the impact of the first quarter. Obviously, the timing of this year's delivery and even the shape will likely change, given the first quarter's results and the pending acquisition of Pringles that we announced in February. Also, as we told you last quarter, we still see 2012 as a continuation of the transition we began in 2011. As I've said, we remain committed to driving future growth and plan to invest in the business. As you might imagine however, the inclusion of Pringles will also change the timing and even the specifics of this investment.  The planning for the integration of the Pringles business remains on track. It's still relatively early, but we're making good progress. We still expect to close the transaction around or before the middle of the year, and look forward to the benefits that will accrue from the combination of these 2 fantastic businesses.  And now, if you'll turn to Slide 4, you'll see some more detail regarding the progress we've made with the planning of the integration. Both Kellogg and P&G have transition planning teams in place. We've evaluated the integration process, we've highlighted the milestones we need to reach and when we need to reach them, and we have a plan in place that will enable us to achieve our goals. There's been a lot of work on both sides, but things are progressing well. The financing of the deal is also going well. We've had good support from the banks, and we expect a good reception from the market. And as you might imagine, we remain very excited about the strategic rationale of this combination. As we discussed when we announced the transaction, the growth potential we see and the international scale that Pringles provides are very important to us. In addition, while we didn't build any synergies from product expansion into the financials of the deal, we do believe that there is the potential for us to recognize a meaningful amount over the years. Obviously, we'll give you more detail on future calls.  And finally, Slide 5 gives an update on our supply chain initiative. As you all know, we increased the level of our investment by $100 million in 2011. We will, of course, look for ways to reduce this amount, but we remain committed to continually improving the entire supply chain organization. We continue to make very good progress, and as we've discussed previously, are implementing Kellogg best practices across our North American network. The supply chain organization is focused on producing great food, improving customer service, continuously improving both people and food safety, productivity enhancements and executing our strategy while delivering the financial results. And we continue to make considerable investment in facilities and our people. This includes increasing the amount of training and improving its efficacy. This investment in our processes and systems is driving increased engagement, development, and improved results and efficiencies. I'm proud of the hard work undertaken by the whole organization and the improvements we have made. This is an ongoing process and we're making good progress. And now I'll turn it over to Ron for a review of our financial highlights.
John A. Bryant: Alexia, if you look within the cereal category, we have, within measured data, around a 6%, 7% decline in Kellogg volume in the first quarter. So as you expect, that's coming through quite strongly in our reported results as well. In terms of the share progression, what we've seen in cereal in the first quarter is we lost about 30 basis points of share -- of value share in the measured channels, and we estimate that's probably close to the 50 basis points when you look at all channels, so including the non-measured channels, which was similar to the amount of share that we gained last year. So our share is essentially flat if you go back 2 years. I think we are seeing better performance in the non-measured channels compared to the measured channels, and we do believe that there is some shifting going on between those channels. So our volume is down in the Morning Foods and Kashi segment, and it's down sort of similar levels to what you see in the measured channel data, or they're slightly better than them.
John A. Bryant: I think we're seeing a higher level of elasticity to pricing than we expected to see in the U.S. It's higher than we saw in the first quarter of last year, and we're seeing a similar dynamic in the U.K. In terms of our business, our business declined in the first period in line with our expectations. But that elasticity has been in the marketplace for longer and at a greater rate over the quarter than we anticipated.
John A. Bryant: It's a great question, David. When we look at Europe, clearly it's a very difficult economic environment. That's playing a little bit into our results but I think the real issue here is Kellogg-specific. We've got some issues in our business, which is -- the good news is we have the ability to fix that and get back on track in Europe. If we look in the first quarter, our sales are down around 10%. About half of that is due to consumption. Some combination within that half is due to the customer disputes, as well as higher-than-expected elasticity. And then the other half of the decline in net sales in Europe in the first quarter was due to the customer disputes impacting trade inventory levels and the timing of events. For example, our innovation on the continent was pushed from the first quarter to the second quarter because of some of those customer disputes. As I look at the U.K., most of our issues in the U.K. come down to 2 core brands: Special K and Crunchy Nut. On both of those brands, we have new campaigns coming out in the middle of the year and new innovation on both brands as well. So I believe we are taking the right steps to improve the performance in the U.K. I believe that's in our control to do that. On the continent, we actually saw, if you go back to 2011, better results in the first half of the year and then the continent was starting to soften in the back half of last year, and that softness is continuing into the front half of this year. I'm a little concerned there that the economic environment is weighing a little bit more on our business. The opportunity on the continent is really around Special K again, and we have a very exciting program in the back half of the year on that particular brand. So I feel good that we're making the right decisions in Europe and making progress.
John A. Bryant: Andrew, it keeps all the brand building in the U.S. business for those cereal brands, even though some of the sales might occur in other businesses such as specialty and even snacks to a degree that it leverages the Special K brand. To your point of the margin, we believe that we can improve the margins in morning foods, Kashi over time. That is more of a "low-single-digit sales growth"-type business and that obviously, we'd hope to drive that profitability faster in that segment.
John A. Bryant: Eric, on snacks, you're right. There have been 2 new entrants into the snacks category, both General Mills and Kraft. That has adversely impacted our business. It is down in the first quarter. It's not a huge driver of the European decline. I think our issues in Europe are more cereal-based in the first quarter, but snacks continues to be an area of opportunity for us and we have strong innovation coming out the back half of the year.
John A. Bryant: All right, let me talk about Pringles. And we remain very excited about Pringles. We think it gives us a great new platform for growth. It helps us with our international scale in several markets. And we believe it really helps us unlock the snack opportunity in International that the company has managed to achieve in the U.S. So we think Pringles is a great opportunity. We have a set of integration teams working between P&G and Kellogg to bring Pringles on board. There's a tremendous set of individuals coming with that business that we think will help us as a company going forward. And the plans that those -- that the Pringles team has are exciting for the next couple of years. So we think there's tremendous opportunity. Obviously, with any integration, particularly a carve-out, it's a complex process because we have to take it from being supported by P&G's IT systems and support functions to Kellogg. That's why we have teams working on this and we're spending a lot of time and effort making sure this goes seamlessly. On the broader issues, Eric, I recognize that there's been more volatility in the last year or 2 in our business. I think that reflects what has happened to us over a longer period of time. So if you go back to 2001 through 2009, the company had tremendous momentum. Our sustainable growth model was working. We were reinvesting back in the business, growing our front foot. And bad things were happening to us. We were able to resolve them and just keep moving. 2010, '11, we had the supply chain issues in our business. We invested back a significant amount of money, capital, time, operating expense, resources and that took away our momentum as a company. We're working to rebuild the momentum. We saw some good top line momentum in 2011. We're off to a disappointing start in 2012. I believe the first quarter is more of an anomaly, but we're providing pragmatic guidance for the year of 2% to 3% top line growth, and I believe we're making the right decisions for the long term to get ourselves back on track.
John A. Bryant: Eric, I think that taking pricing in continental Europe is probably the most difficult part of the world to take pricing in. In a commodity-inflationary environment, we need to take that pricing to protect the long-term economics of our business. And that can be -- that can lead to very difficult discussions, loss of promotional activity. And it is the nature of the business. It's hard to predict when or how long those things will occur. It happened to us here in the first quarter of this year.
John A. Bryant: Ken, I think there's no structural reason why we can't grow our gross margin. So we can absolutely grow our gross margin in the future. Our long-term metrics are for sales growth of around 3% to 4%. We think we can grow gross profit dollars faster than that. That means you're going to get gross margin expansion, and then we put back in the brand-building investment and drive mid-single-digit operating profit growth. So structurally, we can do it. We have struggled in the last few years with hyper-commodity inflationary environment and with having to invest back in our supply chain. But we did this for many years across the 2000s and we believe with the right economic environment, we can do it again.
John A. Bryant: I'd rather not get into volume projections at a segment level, but I think your basic thesis is right. I think we're going to have -- continue to have some pressure in Q2, for it takes time to turn these businesses around. But we do expect better performance in the back half. And I think to say we could stabilize Europe in the back half, that would certainly be our goal.
John A. Bryant: Well, I think there's a couple of things that have been weighing on our volume over the last few years. One is high level of commodity inflation, which has required an abnormally high level of inflation -- of pricing, I should say. And that's, obviously, adversely impacted us from a volume perspective. In addition, if you go back to 2009, 2010, we had meaningfully lower innovation levels as a company, which are going to start to ramp up in 2011 and 2012. That's also weighed on our volume performance as well. I believe if you go forward here, at the end of the day, if you provide great products to consumers, you engage them through outstanding advertising, you'll absolutely bring those consumers into your portfolio and we can drive volume growth as a company. If we can get to a normal inflationary cycle, so we're taking a normal level of pricing, I believe we can generate that 3% to 4% sales growth from a combination of volume, price and mix. I recognize the volume performance has been below where we want it to be for the last few years. I don't believe there's a change in the structural nature of the business or a change in fundamental consumer behavior. I think it just reflects the dynamic that we've been going through over the last 3 or 4 years.
John A. Bryant: Maybe the -- you can see within the measured channel data that the volume consumption on our business was improving as we went through the first quarter. So I think talking about that one segment specifically, our volume was doing well. I think we are generally seeing the volume trends improving in the business as we go through the year.
John A. Bryant: I think if you look at our full year guidance this year, we have around 2% to 3% sales growth, which implies volume is going to be down 1% or 2% on the year. So we're not expecting volume to bounce back, but nor are we expecting 3% to 4% volume declines for the year.
John A. Bryant: Chris, we have looked at the performance of our first quarter business and have looked at where we've had some more price elasticity than we expected, and we've tweaked our plans as you'd expect us to do. I don't think that's going to substantially change our price realization as a company. I think it's just us reacting to the environment in which we're operating and ensuring that the right pressure against the brands that are suffering a little bit more.
John A. Bryant: Our intention is to grow brand building at or above the rate of sales growth. So it is some investment, but I wouldn't suggest that it's a massive level of investment. That investment can go into a number of places. We're very excited about our growth potential in Latin America, in Asia, expanding out some of the emerging market businesses. So I'm not sure you should look to -- for us to invest behind where we might be having some issues, so much as invest behind where we think our future growth can come from.
John A. Bryant: Kashi, as we discussed before, had a difficult time during the deep element of the recession. The good news is in the first quarter, we actually saw very good growth from Kashi. It was up mid-single-digits and Bear Naked was up double digits. So the whole natural adult-oriented cereal segment, we think, is well positioned for long-term growth and we're excited about that business. There is some new innovation there on cereal and on wholesome snacks, and we believe we can continue to grow that business over time. So we feel good there. On Special K, I think one element of our weakness in the first quarter was actually Special K. We had a very good New Year's resolution program as a company. However, within that New Year's resolution event, we did a multi-category event. We saw a very good lift on Special K Cracker Chips and so on, but we didn't feature cereal quite essentially in that program this year as we have in the past. And so our Special K cereal didn't do quite as well. And so that did weigh a little bit on our first quarter results.
John A. Bryant: Yes, that's a great question, Matthew. We have a pay-for-performance culture as a company. And clearly, my bonus is not looking that good for 2012. Having said that, a large number of businesses are doing quite well: Latin America, Asia, frozen, specialty, Kashi, elements of the snack business. So we're not expecting anything like the 2010, 2011 dynamic, where the bonus program was cut in 2010 and caused an issue for 2011. So nothing like that is expected for this year, next year.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Let me take the first part of that, Alexia. Our intent in providing the additional segmentation in North America is to provide information on how we view the business and how we manage the performance of the business as well. So we've broken out the North America position as a result of that.
Ronald L. Dissinger: We've been disappointed on the return on the investment of our European brand-building, so we have pulled back a little bit here in the first half because we didn't feel like the programs were strong enough. The back half program is still largely intact and we have some exciting ideas to put that money behind. If you look at Europe in totality, we actually spent a little bit more on brand building in Europe than we do as a company average. So I still think we have plenty of money available and investment available to drive the business. I think the key to us driving our European business in the future is to ramp up the rate of innovation. If I go back to 2010, we only launched about $40 million of new sales from innovation. 2011, $60 million. 2012, we have a stretch goal to launch $100 million of new products from innovation that are coming here later in the year.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Andrew, if you look at our 10-K, our margin on morning foods and Kashi, that segment we disclosed, was around 18%. I think it's important to note that, that segment wears the brand-building investment for all of the product lines it houses. So cereal, Pop-Tarts. It has about a 2 to 3 point drag on operating margin. So clearly, the underlying margin is a bit stronger than what you see in the 10-K. We feel very good about the margin in our morning foods and Kashi operating segment. There are no structural reasons why we can't continue to work and improve that margin.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, we'd be lapping a bit of the pricing given the timing of our price execution in 2011, Andrew. So there's nothing that we've done that would structurally impact that pricing. We obviously took pricing before we entered the year in that business.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, it's -- you can expect over the next couple of quarters that we'll see some adverse impact flowing through our cost of goods sold as a result. So when we came to the first quarter, as a result of sales being a bit softer than expected, we ended up with higher inventory levels, as I said. So over the next couple of quarters, we'll see an adverse impact from reduced operating leverage by pulling production levels down and pulling our inventories down.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, too early to -- I wouldn't say too early necessarily, but to quantify it, I believe, would not be appropriate at this point in time.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, Jonathan. Well, let me take the cost piece first. So we've talked about cost inflation of approximately 7%. And we're seeing probably 0.5 points to 1 point more in the front half of the year and 0.5 points to a 1 point less in the back half of the year. So we are seeing more commodity inflation in the front half and that's because of the positions that we take over the course of a year related to commodity hedging. In terms of our investment structure, I suspect you're referring to brand-building investment. You'll see that start to ramp up a little bit in the second quarter, but more towards the back end -- back half of the year.
Ronald L. Dissinger: We hedge out generally not more than 12 months. So it really is more a factor of lapping our positions that we took for the front half of 2011, Jonathan.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, we will make commentary within our Q when it comes out on the drivers of sales performance, Rob. So take a look at the Q and that should provide you with more information.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Be happy to. First of all, and probably the most significant item, is we get about $0.05 of benefit associated with interest rate hedges we placed in association with the Pringles debt that we intend to take. So that's the biggest factor. We did have some other discrete benefits in the first quarter, as well, in other income and expense. It's important to note also though that if you look at tax, for example, we're lapping some discrete benefits in tax for the first quarter. So if I look at other income, expense and tax, wrap all those together, we're relatively neutral. The $0.05 of benefit from the interest rate hedges is really the key benefit below the line.
