John A. Bryant: Thanks, Simon. And thank you, everyone, for joining us. Today we announced third quarter earnings per share that were ahead of our expectations. In addition, our results for operating profit were greater than we had anticipated and sales was slightly below. As we mentioned at the back-to-school conference last month, we continue to face headwinds in developed markets and categories, although we saw a good sales growth in Latin America and Asia-Pacific in the quarter. Also, as we highlighted at the conference, we have some exciting ideas for innovation and brand building in 2015. As a result of our third quarter performance being mostly as we had expected, we are maintaining our guidance for the full year. Ron will provide more color regarding this later, but we continue to expect that for the full year, internal net sales will be down between 1% and 2%; underlying internal operating profit will be down between 1% and 3%; and currency-neutral comparable earnings per share will be between up 1% and down 1%. Also, as you can see highlighted on the slide, we continue to make progress on Project K, our 4-year efficiency and effectiveness program. In the third quarter, we opened our North American service center, as part of the global business services initiative. We also announced the closure of our snack plant in Columbus, Georgia and the reduction of production at our Manchester, U.K. plant. We are very pleased with the progress we have made so far, and Alistair will give more detail regarding the supply chain organization and Project K in a few minutes. Now let's turn to Slide 4 in a brief discussion to some of the things we're working on for 2015. We've spoken to you over the last year about some of the challenges that we faced in developed categories and regions, particularly with our weight management brands. We've also told you how we've begun to tailor our R&D efforts and support to better address consumer trends. Specifically, we've been working hard on Special K globally and on Kashi in the U.S. In the U.S., this includes innovation like Kashi GOLEAN Crunch!, which is non-GMO verified, Bear Naked Granola, Kashi Organic Promise sprouted grains and Raisin Chia Granola. And it also includes Special K gluten-free and Special K protein. In fact, in the U.S., we are completely redesigning Special K and are relaunching it is a healthy lifestyle brand across our categories. We're also relaunching the brand in other regions around the world. I'll talk more about this later. And we've got a lot more planned too, just some of which you can see on the slide. You'll also see some of the broader brand-building initiatives that we have planned for early in 2015 detailed on the chart. In the U.S. these plans include the Give A Child A Breakfast Program and the Kellogg's Open For Breakfast Program. Slide 5 shows specific detail regarding our Breakfast for Better Days program. We believe that eating breakfast leads to better days and better lives. As a result, we have focused our global philanthropic efforts on providing breakfast to those who need it most. As part of the program, we will donate 1 billion servings of cereal and snacks by the end of 2016 to children and families in need worldwide. To increase the impact of this program, we also engage in campaigns that provide support for breakfast programs when consumers purchase Kellogg's cereal. In 2015, we will run this program in 15 countries. Our company is built on a history of caring about these issues. And we know that consumers, particularly millennials, share these values. And now I'll turn it over to Ron, for a discussion of our financial performance.
John A. Bryant: Ken, as I look at the categories that we operate in, we operate in categories that are always intensely competitive. I don't think we're seeing a big increase in the promotional activity within the categories in which we operate. However, I think there are a number of other categories in the food area that have been seeking more merchandising support. And that is providing more -- a broader competition for the same amount of real estate in store. And so, as a result, I think we are seeing a little less performance than we'd like to see from our merchandising activity in-store.
John A. Bryant: I can't think everyone is growth of the U.S. and expect the pressure to continue to be there on merchandising. Our solution to that is to invest back into our sales organization and take more of our future into our own hands. We're doing that by investing back in our DSP organization this year, adding additional reps. And reintroducing the warehouse reps on the cereal side, which will probably have more impact in the '15 than in '14. But ultimately, we realize that we have the responsibility to create that entertainment in store, as well as working with our retail partners.
John A. Bryant: Andrew, just say, I'd rather not give 2015 guidance until we get to the fourth quarter conference call. If I sit back and look at our company, the key thing that we need to do is to return the company to top line growth. Our sales are down 1% to 2% this year on internal basis. Quite frankly, in the current environment, we only need sales growth of plus 1% to 2% to make our economic algorithm work. And so we are focused on doing that and Project K is a big enabler to enable us to invest back in the business, whether it be back into our sales organization in the U.S., back into improving our foods, so it's even more on trend. We're changing consumer views of health and wellness, and investing back in brand building, although recognizing that we have $1.5 billion of brand building already so we have quite a bit of fuel in the engine. So I appreciate the question, but I'll defer until the fourth quarter call to give more specific guidance on 2015.
John A. Bryant: Robert, I think if you step back and look at the food industry, there's a lot of fads and trends that go through the food industry at any point in time. Clearly, some of those items out there right now are not helpful to the cereal category, whether it be carbs or gluten-free or some of the other ones that are out there. What we need to do is to continue to provide foods that are more on trend with some of those beliefs, and also to communicate to people some of the great benefits that our foods have. Our foods are very simple, a corn flake is essentially corn being rolled and toasted and Rice Krispies just rice that's been puffed. Talk about the simplicity of the foods, talk about the healthy elements of the food, whether it be fiber or whole grain, et cetera. So I think we have an opportunity to talk about the benefits of the food more. Also the foods that have been more on why would some of those changing trends and continue to work to help consumers understand the benefits of the food. So I don't believe it's beyond our ability to improve on the current environment. I would say that I'd be cautious on the speed of that improvement, as we look out into 2015.
John A. Bryant: As with Kashi, we are getting some positive responses from retailers about putting Kashi back in California, putting a dedicated team around it. And retailers are very excited to work with us to get that business back into growth. Having said that, we have seen some disruption losses through the year on Kashi. And unfortunately, that's going to continue to weigh upon that business, even as we go into 2015. I think it's going to take some time as we take that brand more broadly, GMO free, and we have some additional USDA organic SKUs coming in. But I don't think renovating the food alone is going to be enough. I think we're going to bring out some new innovation, bring out some new foods and truly get on the front edge, leading edge of pioneering nutrition. We have a new team that's tremendously excited to do that. A lot of energy around this. But unfortunately, it's going to take some time for us to see improved trends in the Kashi business.
John A. Bryant: Eric, as you say, Pop-Tarts is a great business. It's been a long-term growth. The last 2 quarters, we have been soft in Pop-Tarts, largely because in the prior-year period, we were very strong behind the peanut butter launch, as we got tremendous in-store display and execution. This year, our Pop-Tarts innovation is more later in the year. Sort of a peanut butter and jelly Pop-Tart coming out in the fourth quarter, which we expect to hear some good support behind as well. So it really had to do with comparisons. If you were to go back and compare it to the business 2 years ago, it's still doing reasonably well. So it's really a year-on-year comp issue.
John A. Bryant: I think we're clearly struggling with Special K in the U.S. this year. But quite frankly, Special K in all of the large markets has been -- developed markets, has been struggling. What's happening there is, we have communicated Special K around dieting, lose weight over a 2-week period and we really need to move that to a weight wellness discussion, really away from reduced calories to the food itself has tremendous nutrient benefits. That requires us to change their communications, to focus on that, but also to make some food improvements, which is what we're doing in cereal, in Special K bars, in cracker chips. And until we get some of that new food out there, while the communication shift will help us, really the competition shift in combination with the food in combination with new consumer promotions and packaging, that whole relaunch element was required to get the excitement around the brand, to drive reappraisal, to bring people back into what is a tremendous franchise. I think the softness we're seeing in the third quarter is greater than we've seen year-to-date, But quite frankly, we've seen the softness through the first half of the year as well.
John A. Bryant: Jason, a great question. We have 45% cereal, 45% snacks today. And as we look at the 2015 plans, while the slide might suggest more of a focus on cereal, in reality we are investing back in both of our businesses and we have some brands that actually cross both businesses. So the investment in Special K and cereal actually also helps the snacks business as well. So as we look at the cereal business, look at 2015, we're going to continue to invest in the cereal business. But I wouldn't want you to believe that we are going to disproportionately invest back into the cereal business. We'll be investing back behind growth in Pringles. We're investing back behind the growth we're seeing in that cracker portfolio in the U.S. And so we have some great growth opportunity as we go forward here. So I'd say it's a balanced investment in growth across the portfolio.
John A. Bryant: Looking in the U.S. DST system is normally-- shipments in consumption tend to marry up pretty closely. So I wouldn't say there's anything to flag there. I think on Frozen Foods maybe a little bit of shipment ahead of consumption as we launch some new products. But we feel good about the programs we have there. And then on cereal, we ended the quarter with a little bit more inventory than last year but we expect to end the year with the same amount of inventory as we had last year.
John A. Bryant: Alexia, I think if you go back over the last decade or so, we've taken the company from being 70% cereal to 45% cereal, 45% snacks. That's been driven by both the Keebler acquisition, as well as the Pringles acquisition. And as you look at the growth strategy for the company going forward, we have 4 growth platforms. One is to continue to grow our breakfast business around cereal. The second is to continue with our snacks business. The third is to grow our Frozen Foods business here in North America. And the fourth one is to continue to expand our emerging market platform. As you think about our growth priorities going forward, clearly snacks is an important growth priority for us, and we'll continue to expand that over time. And that may intersect also that emerging market growth objective as well. So we'd expect us to continue to grow our snacks business. However, I wouldn't see this as an alternative. We have to grow cereal or snacks. I think it's an add strategy, we can do both. Clearly, it's not the right thing to do, to only invest disproportionally in one versus the other. We already spent a lot of money in brand building in cereal. In fact, the reason the company has a high percentage of sales in brand building is because the cereal category is one of the most brand building intensive categories in the food industry. So there's a lot of a brand building investment already behind cereal. And the key there is to sustain that investment that and to continue to improve the quality of ideas and execution, and bring those foods increasingly on trend with what consumers are looking for. On snacks, we have an opportunity to keep growing that business over time. I'm excited by our growth in snacks, particularly since Pringles acquisition, which has truly ignited the international snack growth opportunity that we have as a company.
John A. Bryant: I think it has more to do with the timing of some innovation launches in some of our products. And also, just as Ron said, some business mix. If you're looking at each individual business, you wouldn't necessarily get the same pattern as if you look at a consolidated segment.
Ronald L. Dissinger: David, it's Ron. Yes, in terms of our A&P spend year-over-year, our brand building essentially was down in line with the decline in sales. So what I said in the prepared remarks was that as a percent to sales, our brand building was comparable year-over-year. So a little less than 2 points of decline. Now specifically in Morning Foods, we increased our A&P at a high single-digit rate. So we've invested behind the category building programs that we intended to invest behind in the quarter.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, Brian, it's Ron. So in terms of our gross margin expectations, we've said when we launched Project K that the initiatives we would undertake in association with Project K could improve our gross margins by about 150 basis points over that 4-year period. And we still believe that obviously, there are a number of other things that could impact us over that 4-year period, including significant commodity deinflation, not suggesting that that's going to occur, but obviously, that's a factor. So we do have a goal, as you look at our sustainable growth model as well as to improve our gross margins over time so that we can invest back in brand building and innovation. In terms of the fixed cost absorption impact from deleveraging a bit on terms of volume, it's not significant in terms of impact to our full year gross margin. We have now said that our gross margin will be flat to down slightly. Previously it was flat to up slightly. Distribution costs are also a factor in there, though, Bryan.
Ronald L. Dissinger: So David, our cost savings in 2014 are ahead of inflation for the full year. I said for the full year, we do expect slight net deflation. And as I've said all along this year, that net deflation is more pronounced, obviously, in the second half of the year. So we saw a little bit of net deflation in the third quarter, and a little bit of net deflation in the fourth quarter as well, and that's helping us to manage our guidance from an operating profit standpoint.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Well, so from a material inflation standpoint, what I said was it's more benign. I think the thing to remember, David, is there are a number of other things that can impact our inflation or cost structure. That includes transportation and logistics cost. It includes factory costs as well. So I prefer to give you more robust guidance when we get down to the fourth quarter call. But for now, what we're seeing is a relatively benign commodity inflation.
Ronald L. Dissinger: So we have had good performance in our European margin this year. Input costs are a factor there. We've seen lower input cost versus prior year and in addition, very strong productivity savings. Obviously, we have a goal to grow our Europe operating margins over time. We haven't cited specifically a goal at this point in time, but we do believe there's opportunity for improvement in those margins.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, Eric. I mean, obviously, our business is very sensitive to top line performance. So if there's anything that's going to drive towards the high end or the low end of that range, it's going to be top line performance.
Ronald L. Dissinger: There's a little bit of business mix in there. So for example, wholesome snacks is down. That has an impact on our mix of performance. John also commented on within the North America Other segment, which includes Canada and Frozen Foods, some cost to launch new product and there was a little bit of channel mix in there as well. And then we also talked about the effectiveness or efficiency of trade investment John talked briefly about merchandising. So those are the items that are impacting us specifically in this quarter, John.
