Steve Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question, Rob. What I'd tell you is we've talked about getting back to full commercial activation. And that's really the story in North America. It's really led by Pringles, which returned first and has terrific momentum. It includes increased distribution with new shelf resets in the second quarter as you mentioned. It includes a full commercial innovation activation. We're back to levels that we haven't seen since pre-pandemic. And it's really that, Rob. It's a full commercial activation, gaining momentum. We returned to volume growth in the second quarter in North America. That will continue into the third and fourth quarter actually improve as activation around Cheez-It and some of our other brands starts to catch up to what we've done with Pringles, and in terms of pricing, we had to take, as you well know, a lot of price in the last two years. And so we're returning to the type of price promotion activity more or less that we saw pre-pandemic in a very rational environment. So bright spot for us is the second half of the year and the volume that we've seen in North America.
Steve Cahillane: Yeah, Chris, I'd start with, Europe is a tough environment, always has been. It's tough this year. But in the second quarter, we faced our toughest comps, particularly with Pringles. And you heard us say in the prepared remarks that we have a lot of confidence, we're going to continue to grow in Europe, and that's going to be in the back half of the year. So we've got great back half plans. Our football sponsorship has really started late in this quarter, so that will continue into this quarter. So lots of confidence in Europe, lots of confidence in Europe continuing to grow. You saw that snacks did grow in the in the second quarter that will accelerate third and fourth quarter based on the activations. And we are very excited about the Cheez-It launch in the fourth quarter. And when I say very excited, it's just a great program that they put together in the UK. The customers are excited about it. The consumer testing of product is outstanding. And so we see big things for Cheez-It in the next couple of years. It's going to be a real growth driver for us, so bullish on Europe despite a challenging environment. I know that makes us a little different than some others, but our team has delivered now seven years of growth in Europe, and so that will continue this year.
Steve Cahillane: We see pricing remaining very rational in the environment. Remember, we're lapping a real dearth of activity last year. So that's what you see when you see our year-over-year comparisons. We've talked about it quite a lot. We pulled back on commercial activation because of the bottleneck shortages. We were perhaps a little late compared to others in returning, but we've returned, but it's all very, very rational, prudent, and we see good volume growth and a good balance between price mix volume in the back half of the year for North America.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So it was a good quarter in Latin America. Cereal and Snacks, all growing. Mexico having a terrific quarter, kind of record shares in the cereal business in Mexico and Pringles continuing to do extremely well, despite being somewhat capacity constrained because we're sourcing out of Jackson, Tennessee. Next year, we'll be sourcing out of Mexico, so really bullish on Pringles future opportunities in Mexico because of local sourcing. Brazil, you have to remember, Brazil was really impacted by some pretty devastating floods, but the underlying business in Brazil remains strong, really driven also by Pringles. Pringles' Momentum in Brazil is very, very good. So the Brazilian business is strong, but impacted by pretty devastating floods that obviously we all saw on news.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Rob, I would agree with that, but I would also say that that we've been talking about for years. But right now, it's more extreme because the consumer is under so much pressure. So we've always talked about entry price points. We've always talked about price package architecture going back a number of years. We've been investing in the capability to have more pack sizes hit different price points. But I think what you're hearing in this environment is perhaps more than in a very long period of time, the absolute dollars are under more pressure. So the basket that people can fill is affected, obviously, by the absolute dollars in their pocket. And the consumer is so strained, it is -- it's become heightened in terms of making sure that you hit those right price points, particularly with consumers under $100,000 in household income with kids, that's where we're seeing the price sensitivity. And it also -- it varies by where you are in the monthly cycle as well. So we look at all of that -- it is important, more important in this environment than perhaps a more normal environment.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So I wouldn't look at Pringles Mingles being a meaningful difference maker in terms of our NSV forecast for the balance of the year. So we're only starting to hit it really were activated more in first quarter of next year. The insight is that people love the brand. We haven't stretched that brand outside the can. So that's a meaningful in -- the product is excluded. It is in the shape of a bow tie, Mr. Pringles bow tie. So it plays more on the Mr. P iconic V than it does the can. We believe product tests extremely well and Pringles stands for snacking in so many ways. So we're giving a launch outside the can, and we'll see how it goes.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, David, thanks for the question. The -- what you're seeing in the measured channels, and you hit on it. What you're not seeing is very good growth in Canada and very good growth in our away-from-home channels. So the non-measured channels performed at a rate that led to consumption growth overall in North America. Pringles also, you see doing extremely well, lots and lots of momentum on Pringles. You see that in the measured channels, but it's also the same in the non-measured channel. So all those things together are what's leading to consumption growth. Going forward to your question, we would expect to see improvement in the measured channels as I mentioned, you've seen it in Pringles, which was kind of first out of the gate with our investments and with return to full commercial activation. You'll see that with the other big brands. You'll see that with Cheez-It in the back half of the year as well Rice Krispies Treats, Pop-Tarts and Eggo. So we would expect the measured channels start to catch up some of the non-measured channels as we get into the second half of the year and exit the year.
Steve Cahillane: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Ken. Obviously, we all want to focus on gross margins because it’s what drives the health of the business. And we're doing it through productivity. We're doing it by getting back to where we were in some ways because of the bottlenecks and the shortages, and we're increasing our brand building investment quite substantially, which really helps put together winning retail programs. So what we need to do is grow faster than the retailers' same-store sales through great activation, great commercial activation have the right price point for the consumers, so we meet them where they are. And then you get into a much more constructive dialogue with customers versus who's taking what share of the pie. And so yeah, we are growing our gross margins, but against a backdrop of where we were, and we are increasing our brand-building investments, which helps our customers drive volume through their outlets. So that's how -- that's basically how we would look at that.
Steve Cahillane: Yeah. Thanks, Alexia. So let's work backwards. We always release guidance at our February earnings, and that's what we'll do again this time. In terms of innovation, we don't really release numbers against that, but we are back to where we were pre-pandemic, as you saw on the slide. And that's actually going to get better because that obviously includes a Cheez-It launch, it includes the Pringles Mingles launch, and there's a whole host of innovations really by category, by brand group. So it's meaningfully different than it was in the last couple of years back to where we were in 2019 and 2018. 2019 was the Snap launch, which was a good year for us, and we're beating that. So we feel very good about innovating, and we've got a great calendar for next year as well when we get to February, we'll talk about not only guidance for the year, but would give some outlook as to exactly the innovations that will be launched in 2025.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. No, we don't really get into breaking that down in terms of a forecast. But I think we're returning to the type of balance that we seek. And the most important really is getting back to volume because it's a little bit aberrant when you look at it because of what we're lapping. We're lapping these enormous prices and these declines in volume. So now we're looking at better volume and less price. And so when you look at what you're lapping, it's just kind of strange. So we're getting back to volume growth, which I think is going to drive NSV growth, then you can kind of back into what that might look like.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. No, I would just reiterate, we do see it as rational. We see things returning to where they were pre-pandemic, not anything more than that. The things that are going to drive these categories are innovation, brand building, quality display merchandising, all those types of things. We've all been impacted by extraordinary input cost inflation. So we've had to take a lot of price. The consumers obviously reacted to that. But a lot of that price discovery has happened. Consumers are getting more used to these prices. It doesn't mean they're not still under pressure and that we have to make sure to some of the earlier conversations, we're hitting the right price points, the right pack sizes, the right promotions at the right time in the month, all those types of things are really quite important, but brands matter, and we have to make sure that we're continuing to invest in our brands and innovation, meeting the consumers where they are. But having said all that, we continue to forecast a rational pricing environment going forward.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Max, I'd just point you to we had a terrific second quarter. We raised our guidance. We've got great confidence. You can't speak to where everybody else is, but we feel we feel very, very good about where we are, good about our innovations. We feel good about the return we're getting from our brand building. We feel good about our geographic portfolio. And I hope that you heard that come through in not only the results but the outlook. And so I'd just point you right to there and say, we don't feel like we're missing anything. We don't feel like we need to do anything on the pricing front that we're not already doing that you haven't seen because again, we -- here we are today announcing good results, very good results and raising guidance. So, I just would ended that.
Steve Cahillane: Great question, Andrew. I'd say if you go back at the beginning of the year and the end of last year, the lifts were not great because I think the price discovery was still happening, as you point out, the higher list prices we're starting to improve. And so sequentially, week-in and week-out, the investments that we're making are seeing a better return. And that's part of our confidence in the back half of the year into next year that the right level of investment will start to yield the type of returns that we saw pre-pandemic.
Amit Banati: No, I think the only thing I'd add is that elasticities came in better than expected. So while the volume declines were in the teens, it was definitely better than what we had expected in the quarter. I think we need to continue to take some more pricing in some of our other categories. And so I think we've assumed that elasticity would be there in the second half. And we'll see -- we're encouraged by what we saw in the second quarter, but we are being prudent about the rest of the year.
Amit Banati: So not really. I mean, I think if you kind of look at, and we've talked this previously as well, right, the gross margin progression will moderate in the second half as some of the things that we lapped start moderating. We obviously had the TSA pass through last year in quarter four. So that's -- so we'll be lapping that I think the bottlenecks and shortages, which was a big driver of improved gross margin, particularly in quarter one, I think that's firmly behind us. We saw a little bit of that in quarter two, but it was largely in quarter one. So you won't have that in the second half. And then the country mix impact driven by the naira in Nigeria will also -- you'll start lapping that. If you recall, last year, the biggest devaluation in the Naira was kind of around this time, so in quarter three. So you're going to start lapping that. So we continue to -- we're very pleased with the progress that we're making on the margins. It's coming in better than expected. But we continue to see progression, but not as much as we saw in the first half because of some of the items that we are lapping. So I'd say that's probably the biggest driver of brand building, we saw a good double-digit increase in the first half. That's going to moderate in the second half because if you recall last year, in the second half, we had ramped up brand building. So the absolute pressure continues to be very good. But when you look at it versus the ramp up in the second half, the growth moderates. So I think those are some of the puts and takes in terms of the second half operating profit.
Amit Banati: No real change. I think that continues to be our outlook to be neutral to slightly inflationary. I think costs are coming in pretty much as we had expected. Obviously, in Nigeria, we are seeing inflation come through probably at a higher rate. But other than that, costs are coming in pretty much in line with expectations.
Amit Banati: The only thing I’d add Steve, when you look at our second half is that if you exclude Nigeria, where we've talked, right, that we expect -- we continue to expect volume declines because of the elasticity and because of the pricing that we're taking. If you exclude that, we pretty much expect volume growth in most of our -- in all of our other regions other than Nigeria. So I think you should expect that trend to continue for us in the second half.
Steve Powers: Okay. Thank you. And then on inflation, I think you previously noted, you thought it would be pretty neutral for the year. Is this still the expectation? And then is there anything to consider in terms of the cadence over the course of 2024 in terms of that rate? Thanks.
Steve Powers: Hey, good morning. Hey, Steve, I wanted to follow up on -- I think it was Chris Carey's question and your response. I think you talked about expecting a good balance of volume, price and mix in the back half in North America. And I guess, the question is, is that to say that you expect each of those components to be positive in the back half.
Steve Powers: Okay. That all makes sense. I guess the follow-up, though, is that you've had good returns on this sort of return to activation and promotional investment that you've made so far. But as I'm sure you're aware, a lot of your direct, indirect competitors, some of them reported today, some of some of them for earliest week reported earlier in the month, all have talked about kind of incremental step-ups in investment as we go through the back half. So you've talked about the environment as rational. Do you view those comments as rational and amidst the competitive set arguably leaning in a bit more the back half, do you expect the same kind of return on your run rate investments.
