A. D. MacKay: Thanks, Kathryn, and good morning, everyone. Our second quarter results were modeled and expected, reflecting weakness in the Cereal category, combined with the impact of our voluntary cereal recall at the end of June and softness in that area of business.  The weakness in the Cereal category have the greatest bearing on our Q2 results. Throughout the first half of the year, we talked about the challenging Cereal category and deflation. Our results and those of other cereal manufacturers reflected this trend. Although we anticipated a difficult quarter, the severity of the impact to our business was greater than we expected. Our low cereal sales resulted from difficult year-on-year comparables, the cereal recall and inventory reductions. John will talk about these in greater detail.  We continue to feel confident in the Cereal category and believe trends will begin to improve in the back half of the year. Let me talk briefly about the voluntary cereal recall, which was due to an item that came from the line up. While we had relatively few complaints at the time of the recall, we knew that removing the production store shelves was the right thing to do for our consumers. The cost was high, the total anticipated EPS impact for the year including lost sales is approximately $0.12. And we're currently pursuing all legal recourse to recoup the cost.  Over the past 18 months, we've experienced two events that have adversely affected our business. The payment-related recalls at the end of 2008 and the recent cereal line of recall. We're frustrated by these business disruptions, both supply related, but I can confidently say that they were unrelated to one another and unrelated to our cost savings programs. And when it comes to quality and food safety, over the last few years, we've actually increased our vigilance and ramped up our investment across the company.  What these issues do have in common is the pressure that they place on our resources, both time and money. While we're working to minimize the impact, they will cause disruption to our business, our employees, our customers and our consumers and to this quarter, to our total company results. The weakness in our Cereal business in Q2, combined with the size of the cereal recall, drove our decision to call down our 2010 guidance. It has always been our intent to take a realistic, open and pragmatic approach to running our business for the long term. This call down, while disappointing, will ensure that we can continue to do the right things for the long-term health of the business. As we said at the beginning of this year, we expect a stronger back half as we anticipate category trends will gradually improve. Of course, this will not happen overnight. We also expect to have stronger innovation in the second half of the year.  We just introduced FiberPlus cereal at the end of June, with strong initial results. And our Snacks business has launched a strong line-up as well. And we will continue to invest in our business through increased advertising. John will review the business in more details shortly. Even though we had a tough quarter, we feel good about the underlying health of our business and the remainder of the year.  And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Ron to discuss our financials.
A. D. MacKay: Thank you, John. We're committed to continuing our track record of sustainable and dependable performance. And while we believe that our second quarter is not indicative of the potential of our company, it is never positive to have such weak quarter performance. We feel it is essential to face the issues that created this weakness and reflect them as accurately as possible, hence the lower guidance.  Our view, and we believe the view of the shareholders and investors has always been to be open and transparent and to ensure we do what is right for our business over the long term. While we expect a tough environment to persist, we continue to invest in our business to drive future results. We have confidence in the long-term health of our business and remain focused on managing the business towards sustainable and dependable performance. I'd like to thank all the Kellogg employees for their dedication and hard work.  And before I conclude, I'd like to congratulate John on his election to our Board of Directors. Those of you had the pleasure of interacting with John now that he has a great depth of knowledge about our financial and business operations, and we're pleased to have him join the board.  And now, I'd like to open it up to your questions.
A. D. MacKay: I think, Eric, when you look at it because really when you look at the quarter, the U.S. Cereal category and our performance within it, to a lesser extent the U.K. Cereal category and the recall are the major issues that we've try to lay out as we went through the Q2 results. And you look at the category as John said, when he went through deflation existing in the category, we sort, we talked about it in Q1. It's actually a little bit worse than what's expected. But as we reflected on, did the analysis, no question that Post and the fact that their year-on-year comps, when they're out of the market last year and have come back in this year, have had an impact. I think retailers pushing and using the category to draw traffic in has exacerbated in the short term the situation, and no doubt consumers are continuing to look for and buying a deal. So I think all manufacturers in the short term are seeing some of the costs come down, which has probably meant their activities are going up a little bit. Our view and our outlook as we look to the back half and going forward is, Cereal category is a great category. We think once Post lapsed Q3, that the level of investment tactically should moderate as cost go up. For us, as we look at the performance of Kellogg's specifically and take the 5% decline in U.S., we had a small impact from the SKU calculus, it was probably one or two. So if you look at that relative to the category, while we're not happy with the performance, we can understand it. John mentioned our innovation in the back half is much stronger. We're seeing very good performance at the FiberPlus and a couple of other innovations we've launched. And on your question specifically on advertising investment. Our belief is that while we are one of the highest spenders, if you look specifically in the category, it tends to be a fairly high investment category and we have real opportunities to build stronger capabilities in digital. We have real opportunities to increase the level of communication with Hispanics and those plus other opportunities on new products and investments around the world, we'll see our advertising grow. I think mid-single digits is a very good level for us. And we feel very comfortable that over the medium to long term, we'll get a good investment return for that.
A. D. MacKay: I think if you look at the return on promotions with everyone being a little bit more active, there is a sort of offsetting effect with -- no one's promotions are really working as well because there's just too many offers in the market. So I think that reduces the benefit and return from promotional activity. And our view would be, as we look at our back half, certainly, we're going to be watching our level of promotions very carefully. And I think at some point in time, we'll see the level of deflation in the category abate and go away, particularly as cost pressures start to increase.
A. D. MacKay: Well, we do get out at our innovation here in the back half, I think we're doing very well, with FiberPlus and with Cinnabon. And I get some 0.4 and 0.3 share respectively in the latest 12 weekend. In fact the latest couple of weeks, FiberPlus has been over half a share point in terms of its performance. So I think we're getting good momentum behind that innovation. We have a stronger innovation line up for the first half of 2011 than we had in first half of 2010. We've not shared that with our retail partners yet, so we can't talk about that on this call. But we are excited about the upcoming innovation pipeline in U.S. Cereal.
A. D. MacKay: No, we look at the switching analysis, the turf analysis for all new products, and actually we're quite comfortable with the incrementality to our portfolio. The thing about Cinnabon, we don't have a heavy cinnamon portfolio and then FiberPlus, good, tasty fiber is quite helpful for our portfolio.
A. D. MacKay: I think, David, the way I look at it is more one to two in the back half to get to zero to one for the year. And when you look at Cereal, as we said in the third quarter, we're going to see the impact of the recalls. So our Cereal is going still be under pressure, and while we expected to have a bit at fourth quarter, our view would be that for the back half, it's going to be more flat or flattish. So that's not going to be the key driver and that's why when we gave the forecast, we did call down net sales to zero to one for the year.
A. D. MacKay: I think all of the things you mentioned play into what we're seeing in the category this year. I think when you think about the category in the first half of 2009, the four major developed markets in the world, the category grew anywhere between 4% and 8%. I think with hindsight, we probably underestimated the difficult challenge that would create for 2010. We knew it would be a challenge, that's why when we came into the year, our expectations for top line were probably more moderate than people were expecting. When you look specifically on what's unfolded this year, Post really, as we dug into the data was out and has come back in and are probably back to more historical levels. I think all manufacturers because of lower cost are probably putting a little bit more money back into the market to reflect the concern of our consumers being under pressure. Consumers clearly across all categories, I think, are buying more diligently and deal where they can get it and using coupons. And then retailers themselves see the Cereal category as a great traffic build up, so are actually using it in ways that may help with traffic but may not help with the overall strength in the category. So you put all of those things into combination and what you see is a very stark difference this year to last year partly because of the comps and partly because of those competitive dynamic. But our view would be, this is a great category. We'll see that dissipate as we move through the back half of the year and as cost increases invariably they will as we go forward, we would expect to see the category start to perform in a more normal basis.
A. D. MacKay: When you go through something like this, it disrupts the organization and our retail partners. We're fortunate that we're able to get back into production very quickly and start to refill the pipeline. I think most of our customers now are back with some of that trade activity, which was obviously disrupted in July and even into August. So it has had an adverse impact on us, it does become a large focus to the organization and so that is distracting.
A. D. MacKay: I think we feel good about where we are in the retail level. Obviously, this is something that we don't have to go through.
A. D. MacKay: We do expect to continue to grow the Eggo business. And as you said, we are in the process of resetting some freezers in the third quarter, getting back up to a fuller distribution level in Eggo and incremental volume is highly profitable for us. Obviously, we're turning back on advertising and brand building support, so that's going to mitigate the operating profit benefit from getting back into the Eggo business. But it's a big opportunity for us in the back half of the year. And it's early days, we'll see more of the benefit of this I think in Q4, when we'll have an easier comp. Q3 is still a more difficult comp for us.
A. D. MacKay: All I can really say on that, David, is we are taking the appropriate response and attitude as the category leader in the category to manage what we do going forward, to try and drive the category in that business.
A. D. MacKay: There's a couple of things going on there. I think with Smart Start, I always wanted to use it as an example. We've actually reduced our investment in Smart Start and moved it elsewhere in the portfolio, and that's one of the reasons why that business is down. I think also what you're seeing a little bit in the Cereal category is the drive towards utility. All family products are doing well. Our highly focused brands against [indiscernible] in this state, in general not doing as well in this current environment, I think that's a reflection of the consumer. Having said that, I think you can point to a couple of businesses, where you are getting some good growth and a reasonably high price. So for example, we're seeing double-digit growth in BearNaked and we're seeing good growth in Kashi. So it's hard to generalize. I think what you're seeing is a movement of money around the brands, and you're seeing a general consumer drive towards utility.
A. D. MacKay: I think in U.S. Cereal, we're in very good shape from a trade inventory perspective, as well as in the U.K. Cereal business.
A. D. MacKay: Judy, if you step back and look at the Cereal category, one reason that it's such a great category is it's highly responsive to brand-building innovation, that's what drive the category over the long term. The category from a pricing perspective is actually not all that elastic and that the volume didn't go down significantly last year, when some of the pricing came up and didn't go up this year when the pricing came down a little bit. So it's not the category, which you can win in long term through the pricing, maybe get there through brand building and through innovation. I think some of the deflation we're seeing in the category this year is actually a bit of an anomaly. If you look at 2009, let's look at Post, they had some integration issues last year and their price per pound last year was up about $0.25 year-on-year in the second quarter. This year, their price per pound in the major channels are down around $0.25. So a lot of which you're seeing actually is a disruption in one particular competitor coming back to, I guess, what is more normal levels and they'll be there for the second quarter and the third quarter. I think as you go into the back half of this year and into next year, as you get cost inflation coming through, you would expect to see less deflation, potentially return to an inflationary environment in the Cereal category.
A. D. MacKay: It's always an intensely competitive category, there's always some gives and takes across manufacturers. I think this share of incremental has brought in a lot of share base with most players. There's always movements from one quarter to one year to the next.
A. D. MacKay: Within our guidance, it's fairly flat type sales for Europe in the back half and there's a couple of reasons for that. Certainly the U.K. had a great year last year and that continued even to the back half of the year, so they get some pretty tough comps for that. We are gaining share, certainly in the U.K. but it's a tough marketplace. In Continental Europe, in general, the economy is pretty tough in Continental Europe. Consumers are under pressure. We're actually gaining some share in some big markets in Continental Europe. Hopefully, we'll see some improvement there in the back half of the year, but it certainly is a tough environment. And as we see it in Russia, the bulk sales within Snacks is a transition from a Bulk business to more of the Packaged business. We've seen some of the Bulk sales slipped a bit more, I mean one or two in the Package sales take a bit longer. Hopefully, we can get a better balance in the back half of the year. The great thing on Russia is that we bought that business to drive the Cereal or the credit grade Cereal platform, and our Cereal business in Russia, which is about a third of our business in Russia is up 40%. So we are seeing some good long-term potential there.
John Bryant: Our view would be that while in Q3 for the first sort of three or four weeks of the quarter, mainly through July, we'll see an impact because in some retailers, we pulled all of the stock and it's going back in, they're just working the availabilities. So we've seen that in the first week of data through July on those affected brands. But because we acted so responsibly I believe and voluntarily withdrawing all of the product, I don't believe there will be a long-term impact on those very strong equities.
John Bryant: We do expect as we said a bit better performance in the back part of the year. And you can see that our sales are down 1% in the first half, and we're calling our sales flat to 1% for the second half. So there's a bit of business performance improvement, as well as a better benefit from lower average shares outstanding as well.
John Bryant: Robert, absolutely. Particularly in an environment where a lot of businesses are under pressure. There is an increased focus and diligence in working with our suppliers to ensure that they understand that they must meet the high quality standards that Kellogg Company has set and expects of them.
John Bryant: Well, I think you will see a significant growth in the fourth quarter when there is quite a weak comparison. In the third quarter though, I doubt it will be much, hopefully, we'll see growth in the third quarter but it will be very modest growth. And a part of that is we do need to get back improved distribution across our key customers. We do need to get some of these SKUs more on the shelf and turn on our advertising and our promotional activities. So there is a need to bring the consumer back into the business.
John Bryant: I think, Vincent, in summing, we will certainly look at and be considering as we go forward and we'll give you an update in Q3. I think the other thing that says, what we've built into the guidance we gave you is what Ron went through. But the point you make is a very valid one.
Ronald Dissinger: As we indicated, we did buy more shares in the second quarter. And we're essentially using the available cash that we have after dividends to repurchase shares. We think now our average diluted shares outstanding will be 1% to 2% better depending upon the timing and price that we can purchase the shares at. We believe we'll end up purchasing probably somewhere between $600 million and $1 billion worth of shares in total for the year. And if you think about it, that's roughly a third of a $2.5 billion authorization that we have outstanding.
Ronald Dissinger: It's just the estimates that we had in previously for the year on some of those initiatives. We're able to execute those at a lower cost. So it has nothing to do with the actual execution of the initiative and driving our cost-saving initiatives going forward.
Ronald Dissinger: Yes, the primary driver there and I alluded to this briefly in the communication is higher commodity cost, particularly sugar and packaging cost. Since sugar primarily in the U.S. and Mexico and then packaging in North America.
Ronald Dissinger: We actually have a very good visibility to our $1 billion challenge savings. We estimate roughly $400 million, perhaps a little bit more in 2010. And we have good visibility into 2011 to achieve those cost savings as well. So the fact that our cost for some of the initiatives have come down has not impacted our visibility to the savings.
