John A. Bryant: Sure, Ken, and you're probably aware these are required disclosures by the SEC where we need to walk from our comparable guidance that we provided to reported expectations, so we obviously had the impact of translational currency embedded within the sales and operating profit and earnings per share guidance. And then we show $0.08 from acquisitions and dispositions, it's important to note that that is a pre-tax number and, of course, that does not include – that's primarily Parati. That does not include the impact of reducing our share buyback program at the end of 2016 to fund that acquisition. All along we've said that Parati would be relatively neutral to earnings per share in 2017, and accretive thereafter and it's essentially on track with those expectations.
John A. Bryant: So, as we go from DSD to warehouse, obviously the retailers are taking on activity through distribution of the products, and as we do that, we will reduce prices to the retailers to compensate them for that activity. We are not going to disclose that level of detail on this call. So it is built into our outlook but it's not something we want to get into detail on, Ken.
John A. Bryant: So I think we've given in the guidance a sense of how much benefit there is long-term from the shift to warehouse and as we said, we would bring the operating margin of the Snacks division up to in line with the North American operating margin for Kellogg Company. That will happen in 2018 and 2019. So, it does not occur in 2018. When we gave the guidance of 350 basis points of margin expansion operating margin, we had a path to get there. We had a number of areas that we wanted to investigate as we go along that path. This is one of those areas, we did lot of work before we ended on this conclusion, but it was somewhat taken into account in our thinking as we set that goal before. That doesn't mean that we can't do better than 350 basis points in 2018, but I'd say that at this stage we'd say that's part of the guidance for 2018 and we hope to continue to expand margin as we go into 2019 and beyond.
John A. Bryant: Sorry, Dave. If I could just add just some proof-points behind the DSD transition here. As you say, we had good support from retailers to do this. Now, retailers have pushed over the years why this category needed to be in DSD. It's not a high-spoilage category. It's not date code sensitive. So it is a system that can go through warehouse and, in general, cookies and crackers around the world actually in developed markets deliver to warehouse systems. Today 40% of our sales in the U.S. for Snacks already goes through the warehouse system. And where it does, we have higher growth, higher share, better margins, and better service to our customers. We have a world-class warehouse system in the U.S. As Paul said, we have feet on the street. The merchandising conditions in cereal are as good as we get in snacks – in cookies and crackers. So we can demonstrate it through a merchandising system that – through a warehouse system we can get good merchandising in this area. And then, as Paul said, we're investing back into brands to drive pull systems, to drive both businesses going forward, our retail partners' business and ours. So there is a lot of support for this and we believe it's absolutely the right move.
John A. Bryant: So just to clarify in terms of the guidance. What we said is the margin in the U.S. Snacks segment is going to come up in line with North American average. I think that number is closer to 400-plus basis points. So I'm not sure what numbers you're looking at there, Alexia. That's a net impact. So obviously there's a lot of moving pieces in there. There's a shift of activity out of SG&A into a price reduction to retail to reflect the transfer of activity. Retail is now picking up and there's also investment into a stronger pull model. And, Paul, maybe you'd like to talk a little bit about some of the pull model ideas that we have there in terms of where we're going to reinvest in the marketing area.
John A. Bryant: So let me clarify there (49:55), it would be more brand building driven as opposed to promotional, the word you used, not trade spend but more of a pull perspective.
John A. Bryant: So we can't comment on what our competitors will do. This is the right decision for us. And it's the right decision for us, again, because 40% of our sales today are already through warehouse. We're seeing better share, better growth, better service to our customers in that warehouse system. We also have a world-class warehouse system here in the U.S., which is very capable and very good at servicing high merchandising categories like cereal and Pop-Tarts. So we believe that we are well positioned to make this transition, and this transition is not dependent upon what our competitors do. It's the right thing for us to do.
John A. Bryant: There's, obviously, a margin benefit to the company of moving from DSD to warehouse, but, remember, we had to invest back into a stronger pool model into the marketing element. We still have to invest in the warehouse model. So while there's some percentage of sales of DSD there's also a percentage of sales required to support the warehouse model. So there's a number of moving pieces here. We think the guidance we've given on the margin improvement in snacks is appropriate and gives you the right ballpark of where we'll end up.
John A. Bryant: It will occur through the second quarter and the third quarter. So, as we go through this transition, not every customer is transitioning at once. We're working with each individual customer based upon their readiness for the transition to enable them to have the transition as effective and efficient as possible. So across the second and third quarters these transitions will occur, and you'll see more of a run rate happening in Q4.
John A. Bryant: So, Revenue Growth Management covers a number of areas. It covers both more effective trade spend but also pack-price architecture, brand mix, et cetera. And we started the implementation in 2016. Across 2016 you can see the improvement in price mix. It was negative in the front half. It was more stable in the back half. In 2017, we do expect positive price mix at a consolidated level, despite the adverse impact of the DSD transition from DSD to warehouse. So still on a consolidated basis, we still expect positive price mix. As I said, it's a combination of four or five different variables. It's not just one item that's going to drive that improvement.
Paul T. Norman: Andrew, it's Paul here. Yes, you're right. We will still have a significant retail sales force dedicated to snacks. We also have one dedicated to Morning Foods here. And if you look at the data, what we see is our warehouse categories have very strong presence in stores when you look at feature and display data, when you look at quality merch data, we support the fact that our warehouse businesses get great display and our feet on the street enable us to drive that performance in store at all times. We also see through our warehouse-delivered businesses, better service levels and better in-stock levels and I think that's where we also see a benefit.
Paul T. Norman: That's an interesting question, Dave. I'm not going to go into a lot of detail around all those conversations. Suffice to say that this is a major strategic move where, as John said, our retail partners will now take on the work of taking out products from their warehouses through their systems to their shelves, and we will compensate obviously what we used to do. Now, that will go towards the retailer, so we want to make sure that our retailers have everything they need to be able to run the business better. I think when you get to the story with our retailers, who by the way, we spoke to a large percentage of our sales so far, they're aligned, they've agreed this is the right strategic move. The real benefits come from a push to a pull. So they love the fact we're investing more in our brands. The fact that we can leverage our systems and our customers' systems and our customer replenishment systems have come a long way in the last 10 years. We can drive better service and higher in-stocks, which for us and them is improved performance in real terms in terms of sales. And then as we serve on one platform going forward, everything we make comes out of one platform, a warehouse distributed platform, the shared efficiencies down the road because a dollar's a dollar at the end of the day. If we can take miles of transportation out and become more efficient with our retailers that's significant joint value creation benefits, and then you get the scale benefits of a one Kellogg company on one platform and what we can do to drive impact to the center of store. But that's the fundamentals of the discussion we've been having with our retailers.
Paul T. Norman: David, my outlook for the category is to be flat to probably down 1% in 2017, which I think is a slight improvement on the stabilization we've seen in the past two years. And we hope to be driving that.
Paul T. Norman: If you look across 2016 across our major categories. We basically weighted average those categories. It was essentially flat on a global basis. If you look at P1, I think many of you've commented on the weak scanner data coming out in the U.S. in general across a number of categories. If you look at within period one, the first week was obviously impacted by the timing of some holidays year on year. And if you look at our business, we actually strengthened as we went through the period. So obviously not the sort of scanner data you want to see to begin the year, but there are some reasons for that and we do expect the business to continue to strengthen as we go through the year.
Paul T. Norman: Hi Alexia. When you mentioned several areas of reinvestment, it is all of the above, and I think it's driven by how the shopper shops in more channels, but also how the shopper shops when it comes to click and collect in our mainstream retail channel. We need to get more of our resources, especially behind big brands like Cheez-It, Pringles, Rice Krispies Treats, which have really differentiated offerings. We need to get more investment behind those brands to go meet the consumer and the shopper how they're shopping. And spend less of that money, if you like, in a distribution system, and move more of that money to pull quite frankly in those brands, when you look at their incrementality, their profitability, there is a lot of growth to be had that we can't get at today, because of the focus of our resource, quite frankly. So it is all of the above, including new package formats, more investment in food, more advertising, more shopper marketing. That's where we're leaning.
Paul T. Norman: And on the customers side, the customers – I spoke to a lot of customers, David, and they are aligned and in agreement that it is the right strategic move. If you talked to customers you know how much their retail environments are changing. There is a seismic shift in how they have to move to meet shopper needs and how they're working hard in their replenishment systems. Quite frankly, this felt exactly like the right time for our business to make a big strategic move like this. Yes, there will be disruption. Yes, there will be competitive action, but I think this is exactly the right thing for us to do with a forward-looking lens on how the shopper shops and our how our customers are changing to meet shopper needs.
Paul T. Norman: ... more recent past. Yeah. If we look at our wholesome business, as I said, Rice Krispies Treat is doing great. Nutri-Grain is doing well. Those two parts of the business are doing fine. K was still a drag through last year. As we come into the beginning of this year, we've renovated even more of our food. Where we have renovated so far, we've seen better performance. But we do have some legacy foods that are part of our wholesome snack platform that is still going to be there. But we have new Protein Bites and Protein Bars coming here in January. I think there's eight different items. And we're back on air in February, or at least digitally, talking to consumers again around the Special K brand from a wholesome point of view. So the whole restage is continuing. We're bringing more new food to life. And our aspiration this year is we can go from being down double digits to down low-single digits to flat on Special K as we reinvest in the brand for food and advertising.
Paul T. Norman: On Special K wholesome snacks is to, yes, significantly cut the decline this year as we go forward. It will be down double-digit last year, if you look at the Nielsen data. And, yeah, our aspiration will be somewhere less than 5% this year and flat if we're good.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, Matt. So as we said, we expect gross margin to expand in 2017, and that does include some headwind from the price reductions we'll take in the U.S. Snacks business. And as you alluded to, we are seeing some deflation on materials overall, so net deflationary environment. We've got the strong productivity from both Project K and Zero-Based Budgeting flowing through to our margin performance, and also all the actions we're taking from a Revenue Growth Management standpoint. But remember in 2016 and then as well in 2017 we're continuing to invest in our food through both renovations of our food and innovation in our food. We're also seeing some transactional currency exposure, not to the extent that we saw in 2016, but it is still a headwind for us, particularly in the European market with the devaluation of the sterling. And then there is some other general inflation that we're seeing within our business in wages and logistics costs. I think you mentioned some of those things, energies as well. And then we've got a little bit of negative country mix flowing through, particularly as our emerging markets grow faster. But put all that together and we do expect to expand our gross margins as we move through 2017. And in terms of how it's going to roll through 2017, there is no one quarter that is significantly different than the other in terms of gross margin performance, I should say. And, Matt, at this point in time, we're about 75% covered on our materials, which is pretty comparative to where we've been in prior years.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yeah. So as you alluded to, we said overall down 2% in sales, with a little bit more than 1 point coming from the exit of DSD, and we did say flat to down 1% on the rest of our business. That'd be a little bit better. So we're showing improvement as we move into 2017 versus 2016 expectations. Of course, we've taken into consideration any volatility we may see in our top line. We believe we have sufficient financial flexibility to achieve our guidance goals.
Ronald L. Dissinger: So, yeah, we did talk about the deflationary environment to the UK and I mentioned earlier that we're seeing some transactional currency exposure, particularly because we import Pringles into the UK from the Eurozone. We've also talked about Revenue Growth Management across the globe and specifically in Europe we're taking some actions around Revenue Growth Management to manage our profit and loss performance. And you may recall within the prepared remarks, I mentioned something about the Q1 maybe a little bit slower start as a result of elasticity in Europe and we're referring specifically there to potential price elasticity as we work with retailers on pricing actions we're working through the marketplace.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yeah, I mentioned earlier the transactional piece is certainly lower than what we saw in 2016. In 2016, I think I quantified it as about 50 basis points of sales. So somewhere between 0 basis points and 50 basis points is what we're looking at in 2017. And, yes, the $0.12 is specifically translational currency impact in 2017.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yeah. So let me tell you how to think about those, Chris. First of all in 2017, we have our normal strong base productivity savings coming through our profit and loss statement. We've discussed those over the years. We also have Project K. Remember, we've extended that program now through 2019. The original run-rate savings were $425 million to $475 million. New range is $600 million to $700 million. Through 2016 we've saved approximately $300 million cumulatively. So low end to high end of the new range, we've got $300 million to $400 million that will come over the next three years, 2017 through 2019. On Zero-Based Budgeting, we originally communicated a target savings range of $450 million to $500 million from 2016 to 2018. We are still on track to deliver against that macro-savings expectations. For 2016, we said we would deliver in the range of $150 million to $180 million. We actually delivered a little bit more than $180 million. So we have very strong savings visibility over the next several years coming from Zero-Based Budgeting. The combination of these items gives us good cost-savings visibility and confidence in hitting that 18% margin goal along with the other things we've talked about today by 2018.
