Simon Burton: Thanks, Laura. Good morning, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today for a review of our fourth quarter and full year 2012 results. I'm joined here today by John Bryant, our President and CEO; Ron Dissinger, our Chief Financial Officer; Michael Allen, President of our U.S. Frozen Foods business. As you know, we highlight different business units periodically and Michael's here to discuss our Frozen Food business in more detail. In addition, due to changes in how we account for pensions and other postretirement benefits, we have provided additional detail in this presentation, in the earnings press release and in an 8-K, which was also filed this morning. The press release and slides to support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.kelloggcompany.com. As you're aware, certain statements made today such as projections for Kellogg company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront cost, investments and inflation, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings. As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Friday, February 8. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days. And now I'll turn it over to John.
Simon Burton: Hey, Thilo, I think the discrepancy is the subsegments within that frozen breakfast category as Nielsen reports it. So largely, where our business has been growing faster than the overall frozen breakfast segment. There are other pieces in there that have been growing a little less quickly. We can talk offline about it, if you like.
Simon Burton: Okay. Everyone, thanks very much for joining us today. We're available, obviously, for follow-ups as always. Please give us a call with any other questions.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Simon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. 2012 was an important year for Kellogg Company. And we're pleased to have announced full year results, which were in line with our expectations. Sales growth was right in the middle of our guidance range, and our results improved sequentially as we moved through the year. North America, Latin America and Asia Pacific all posted growth for the year, and Europe saw much better performance in the second half of the year. Internal operating profit also met our expectations and we continue to invest in the business. In North America, our U.S. Cereal business posted a strong performance as a result of good innovation, investment in brand building and strong execution by the team. Also in North America, our Frozen Foods and Specialty Channels businesses had another very good year with both posting strong internal sales growth. And in Europe, which was our most challenging region early in 2012, we saw improved internal sales performance as the year progressed. For the full year, our reported earnings per share was towards the high end of our guidance range, and cash flow came in at $1.2 billion, also at the high end of our expectations. And we achieved this performance while successfully integrating Pringles into the business. As you know, the acquisition of Pringles is the second largest in the company's history and the business is a great strategic fit. I'm happy to say that the integration is going well. Now let's turn to Slide 4, which showed some highlights for the fourth quarter. As you can see, we ended 2012 with strong results. For the total company, internal sales growth increased by 5.3% in the fourth quarter with all of the regions contributing to growth. In North America, we saw a 5.5% internal sales growth. U.S. Cereal had a strong quarter as did the Canadian business, and both U.S. Specialty and Frozen Foods posted double-digit gains. The sequential improvement we saw through the year continued in international businesses as well. Europe posted internal sales growth of just less than 3% in Q4. Asia Pacific saw good growth of 5%, and Latin America posted 9% growth. Our plan for the year was for sequential improvement. As the year progressed, this is what we achieved. The plan includes high levels of brand building later in the year, and our results in the fourth quarter include the effect of this investment. In fact, brand-building activity increased at a double-digit rate in Q4. This investment, combined with the strong innovation we launched throughout the year, helped drive our results. So 2012 was a transition year. We posted improvement and we ended the year in a much stronger position. We invested in the business, drove our model and the results reflect this activity. We recognize that we still have work to do and that economic conditions remain difficult in some regions. However, I'm encouraged by the progress we have made. We are well positioned and I am optimistic about our potential as we enter 2013. Now I'll turn it over to Ron.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Ron. Slide 14 shows the internal revenue growth posted by Kellogg North America. We've seen a lot of improvement during the year and ended with strong 5.5% growth in Q4. Each of the segments posted growth for both the quarter and for the year, which is excellent performance. Now let's turn to Slide 15 and the performance of the Morning Foods and Kashi segment. Internal sales growth was 6.3% in Q4, including our strong growth of 4% last year. Our Q4 sales benefited from a build in retail inventory in preparation for strong resolution program and new product launches. In Cereal, we gained 0.7 of 1 point of category share in the quarter. Krave continues to hold almost 1 point of share as it has all year, and we saw good growth in some of the other brands that we supported such as Frosted Flakes, Froot Loops and Raisin Bran. Frosted Flakes did very well all year due to strong family-oriented advertising that really resonated with consumers. The innovation we launched in the second half also contributed and Special K Protein posted very good sales growth and also gained share. And our Bear Naked brand continued to post strong results. Pop-Tarts posted consumption growth of 3.4% and gained 1 point of a share in Q4. Share also increased for the full year to 83.8% with innovation like Oatmeal Delights and Wild! Fruit Fusion contributing to the growth. We expect good performance from this segment in 2013, as we have innovations such as Special K Chocolatey Strawberry and Mini-Wheats Crunch that were just launched, as well as the Kellogg's Breakfast Drinks we showed at the Analyst Day in November. Slide 16 shows the internal net sales performance of the U.S. Snacks segment over the last couple of years. The business posted internal sales growth of 0.7%, but this was lapping a very difficult comparison of almost 9% growth in Q4 of last year. We saw a mid-single digit sales growth in the Crackers business in the fourth quarter, building on a comp of more than 9% last year. Our 4 core brands, Cheez-It, Club, Special K and Town House posted a combined growth of 5%. Special K Cracker Chips and Popcorn Chips, which we introduced during the third quarter of last year, both continue to do very well. We've got some great innovation planned for 2013, including barbecue cracker chips and new flavors of Popcorn Chips and Cheez-It. The Cookie business posted increased internal net sales for the full year. Although we saw a decline in sales in the quarter, we were lapping a mid-single-digit comp last year. The Sandies business did well in the quarter and we have a lot of activity and innovations planned for 2013, including Brownie and Pretzel Bites and Chips Deluxe Triple Chocolate. The wholesome snacks business was lapping a very difficult double-digit comp in the fourth quarter. However, we continue to see strong results from innovation, including Special K Pastry Crisps. And we also expect that innovation will contribute to growth in 2013. The launch of a new FiberPlus protein bar is going well, and we have Nutri-Grain Fruit Crunch, Special K Protein bars and a new flavor of Pastry Crisps all being launched. Finally, we remain very pleased with our U.S. Pringles business. Sales increased at a mid-single-digit rate in Q4, and the brand responded well to holiday activity and ended the year with even stronger results in December. As you know, we exclude the impact of Pringles from our internal growth rate calculation. Slide 17 shows recent performance of the U.S. Specialty segment. Internal net sales growth was 10% in Q4 and was more than 7% for the full year. We increased sales with our top customers in both the quarter and the year, driven by strong results from innovation and excellent effort by the team to expand points of distribution. In addition, each of the businesses, food service, convenience and vending posted strong rates of growth for the year. We're very pleased with 2012's results and expect great performance from this business again in 2013. Slide 18 shows the performance of the North America Other segment, which includes the Canadian and Frozen Foods businesses. The Canadian business posted mid-single-digit sales growth in the quarter. New products such as Krave, Special K Cracker Chips and Special K Shakes helped drive our growth. We've also seen good growth in our Frozen Food business in Canada. Now I'll turn it over to Michael Allen who will discuss our U.S. Frozen Food business in more detail.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Michael. Now let's turn to Slide 31 and our international businesses. The European business posted internal sales growth of almost 3% in the fourth quarter. This was a sequential improvement and continued the trend we've seen all year. The cereal category in the U.K. continues to be competitive, but we saw improvement in our total U.K. business in the second half of the year. Crunchy Nut has responded to recent activity and the Snacks business has done very well. Recent innovation including Biscuit Moments, Breakfast Biscuits, Special K Cracker Crisps are all off to a good start and we're optimistic regarding the Snacks business as we start 2013. We also saw good results in Northern Europe, particularly in France and the Germanics. However, Southern Europe remains difficult. As we've said before, we realize that improvement in Europe will take time, but we are addressing the challenges, we have a new team in place and we expect to see continued progress in the region in 2013. We posted internal sales growth of 4.6% in Asia Pacific in the fourth quarter. We saw a continued improvement in Australia, and we gained category share in both Cereal and in Snacks. In Cereal, Nutri-Grain, Sultana Bran, All-Bran and Crunchy Nut all did well late in the year. And in Snacks, Nutri-Grain and Special K saw good growth. We did a lot of work in Australia earlier in the year to improve our commercial plans and the results have been strong. We also saw good growth in other parts of Asia. In India, China and Southeast Asia, we posted double-digit internal sales growth, and we saw a high-single-digit growth from our South African business. Finally, the integration of Pringles is going well in the region as we continue to transition distributors. In Latin America, we posted 9.4% internal sales growth as a result of share gains and improved price mix. Mexico posted mid-single-digit growth driven by strong innovation in the Snacks business, including Special K Crisps. The rest of the Latin American business did very well in Q4. Central America, Venezuela, Brazil, Argentina, the Andean countries in Chile, all posted good growth. We gained share in Central America behind growth in Froot Loops and Choco Krispies, and we also gained share in Colombia and saw good results in Brazil. The growth in these other Latin American countries has been good all year and we expect to see continued growth in the region in 2013. Now let's turn to Slide 32 and the summary. 2012 was an important year for Kellogg Company. We posted improved performance as the year progressed, and net sales, operating profit and EPS all ended the year in line with our expectations. In fact, if you look at our results in the second half of the year and compare them to the first half, you can see the dramatic improvement we posted later in the year. All the regions contributed to sales growth in the second half. North America posted strong results and we saw improving performance throughout the year in the international businesses. We achieved these results while continuing to invest in future growth with significant increases in investment later in the year. And our Pringles business continues to exceed expectations. The integration is going well and the team is doing a great job. Sales growth has been strong since we closed in late May and the business has responded well to all the activity we've introduced, both in the U.S. and internationally. We are giving strong guidance for sales growth, operating profit and EPS in 2013. We plan to continue to increase our investment in advertising this year from a strong base. And as you heard at our Analyst Day, we have a lot of exciting innovation launching now and plan for introduction later in the year. So 2013 is really a return to the Kellogg operating model. We've done a lot of work in recent years to set the right foundation. We've invested in the business. We've adjusted our strategy to focus more on growth and we acquired Pringles. These have been significant changes for us and we're confident that they are the right ones and we're optimistic about the future. Finally, let's thank all of our employees for their hard work and dedication in 2012. And with that, I'll open up for questions.
John A. Bryant: Ken, as I look at the 2013 guidance, clearly, we have a strong performance from Pringles in there. We go right back to the date of the acquisition. We gave you some guidance on Pringles. We did a little bit better than that in 2012. Some of that accretion is helping us in 2013 as well. If you kind of go back to the underlying Kellogg guidance that's implicit within that, we have internal sales growth of around 3%, the low end of our long-term guidance. We had some internal operating profit growth to make those numbers work as well. So I think what you're seeing is us getting back on our model of reinvesting in our business, of increasing our advertising over time. Our gross margin is down a little bit year-on-year but that's largely the Pringles integration, and we'd love to see that gross margin start to track in the right direction, improving over time. So I think you're seeing an underlying improvement in our results.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Alexia. Let me take the Cereal category trends first. So we are seeing improving volume trends in the Cereal category over time though I must admit that in total, in dollars, the category is relatively flattish. Within that, across the back half of 2012, we gained about 70 basis points of share and that's even with a slight disruption to our Mini-Wheats business. And what we're seeing in our business is it's really driven by innovation and by brand building. And we're seeing the business respond to that. So I'm confident that if the category in totality drives more brand building and more innovation, I think the category will respond to that. So it's a great brand. It is relatively rational. I mean, pricing is still up year-on-year in the category. Price lid actually lost 20 basis points a share. When you get the price lid, we add private label and multi-meal together as one group. Talking about Kashi specifically. I mean, Kashi is a great brand. It's had tremendous growth over the years and it's still growing where we've extended it in areas like frozen and wholesome snacks. However, in Cereal, we do have a couple of challenges around that Kashi business. Some of the innovation in recent years has not been as strong as our core Kashi SKUs. And so we've lost some core SKUs that we think would have done better than innovation. Some of the brand building has moved away from the core benefit of Kashi, so we have an opportunity to sharpen our focus a little bit more. And some of the shelf presence and some of that smaller SKUs on shelf is not what we needed to be. So we're not happy with the performance of our Kashi business. We think it's more tactical in nature. Over the next 6 months, we're going to work to fix and improve that business, get it back in the right direction. But we obviously have some work to do there.
John A. Bryant: Sure, and maybe if I step back here, Eric. In terms of the integration in totality, it's going very smoothly. We got excellent people retention and some great people who joined the company. We're very excited about that. As Ron said in the prepared remarks, its financials, a bit better than we expected. We're actually getting improved output from some of the plants and we have some new capacity coming on. So we're feeling a little better about the capacity situation. If you look at the top line performance, to your question specifically, Eric, in the U.S., we saw about 5% growth in the fourth quarter in Pringles. In Europe, we're up slightly, up sort of about 1% in the fourth quarter. And that reflects a couple of things. It reflects that we are a bit tight on capacity. It also reflects a pre-existing P&G strategy, which is the right strategy to reset the level of trade activity in the U.K. So the U.K. is being particularly soft more because of the strategy around what Pringles is trying to do. In Latin America, we saw good double-digit growth in the region. In Asia Pacific, Pringles is actually down double digits, down around 10%, 12% and that's really because of the distributor transition in Asia Pacific as we move from P&G distributor to a Kellogg distributor. And within that, obviously, you burn through the pre-existing inventories that the distributor have.
John A. Bryant: I think, if you look in the fourth quarter, price and mix are both favorable, I think about 2/3 price, 1/3 mix thereabout. It is down a little bit in some of the more recent measured data. Part of that, Eric, depends on which category you're looking at. Remember, in the first quarter last year, we had a relatively weak resolution period on cereal. We try to increase our promoted price points. And we came in at Q1 kind of soft. We've gone back in Q4 -- so we've come back in the first quarter of this year to our historical price points and so you're seeing a little bit of a year-on-year change. That's more an issue with Q1 last year being the anomaly than we're doing something fundamentally different in Q1 of this year.
John A. Bryant: I think, as we look at 2013 innovation, we expect it to be at least as large an impact as the 2012 innovation. So we continue at a very strong pipeline as we go into 2013. We also continue to look at the incrementally of that innovation. So for example, the Cracker Chips that we launched here in the U.S. were very incremental. We've now launched those in Canada, Mexico, the U.K. So we're seeing more of that sort of expansion. Even for something like the breakfast beverages like the Kellogg's to Go that you can see here in the U.S., we believe they will be quite incremental to our business. So it's the absolute size and the incrementality of the innovation. But even on absolute size terms, we expect the dollars from innovation to 2013 to be at least the same as what we saw in 2012 as we keep going back towards around 15% of our sales from innovation on a rolling 3-year metric.
John A. Bryant: I think we have a good support level. I think we had a good amount of brand-building investment. What really drives up the-brand-building investment is when you're launching whole new brands and we're not doing a lot of that. We're more extending some of the strong brands we have and reframing when the consumer can get the benefit of that brand as we've seen with the beverages and the cracker chips and so on. So we feel good with the level of brand-building investment that we have.
John A. Bryant: Yes, Andrew, I don't want to talk too much about prospective pricing. As you look at -- if you look at 2013 sales growth, we're expecting a pretty good balance between volume, price and mix. So it's a combination within there. And if you look at what's happening in 2013, we do have inflation of around 5% and cost savings around 3% to 4%. That's a little bit more inflation than we'd normally like to have. I think in more normal times, inflation will be more around 3%, maybe 4%, which means that we can get gross margin expansion just through the productivity savings. So I think if you're looking at gross margin specifically, you back out Pringles, we're more or less flattish year-on-year. In a perfect world I'd like to see gross margin expansion. What's holding that back a little bit is that 5% inflation versus 3% or 4% inflation. But if your concern is around pricing, we believe we can take pricing to the most amount that we will need to in order to make our economics work in 2013.
John A. Bryant: I think going forward our goal would be to improve the gross margin of Pringles over time closer to the Kellogg Company average and put that money back into brand building so it won't have the same impact on operating leverage.
John A. Bryant: As we look at Europe and we go into 2013, we do expect Europe to meet the top and bottom line growth in 2013. Having said that, it does remain the one reason that we're most cautious on given the economic environment in Europe, also the level of change in our European businesses. It's the region that's undergoing the greatest integration with Pringles because it was Pringles' single largest business and also as percentage of the Kellogg business that's having a dramatic impact. We're also reorganizing our Kellogg organization. In fact, I should say we have reorganized our Kellogg organization. We have a relatively new leadership team. So we are confident about the future, but there's been a tremendous amount of change in there. So we do feel confident in top and bottom line growth. There are synergies coming out of Pringles deals. That's a little bit higher in Europe than you'd see elsewhere around the world that gives us some of that confidence. But it does remain a difficult region.
John A. Bryant: David, we are excited about the long-term potential of the joint venture in China. I think, in the near term, it's going to have a very limited impact. Remember, the joint venture includes both Cereal and Pringles so we have -- we do have a -- a Pringles opportunity is probably nearer in. Cereal is going to take more time, but you'll see some beginning of shipments in sales and advertising and so in 2013 from the joint venture. But it will pick up speed over time. I would not expect that to have a material impact to our results in the next 2 or 3 years.
John A. Bryant: Well, we did ship a little bit more than we consumed in Q4. There's a gap between the 2 numbers. That does reflect both the new innovation going in, as well as the strong promotional merchandising that we have in the first quarter. If you remember last year with Resolution, which is a big program behind Special K, we really made the Snacks business the hero of that event. In this first quarter this year, we made Cereal the hero of that event. As a result, we saw a little bit more Cereal inventory going in advance of those events. Whilst it is early days in the consumption data, we are seeing about 3.5% increase in units consumption behind Kellogg cereals in the first part of the year. So we do expect that to flow through. So we're not giving guidance on Cereal sales growth in the first quarter. I will say that we continue to get good orders from retailers in January. We continue to ship well. So I'm not seeing anything that gives me too much concern.
John A. Bryant: I think if more players drive the innovation harder and the brand building harder, I think the category will respond and grow. It's always an intensely competitive category. I don't think it's any more competitive than what it has been historically.
John A. Bryant: As you look at Latin America and Asia Pacific, they both represent strong growth potential regions for the company. So they're in areas we think about our brand-building investment where we're likely to push a little bit more versus other parts of the company. I'd say both of them we expect to see brand building growing at or above the rate of sales growth. Within Latin America, we have made a fairly significant investment in Brazil and we see us continuing to do that. So that's one part of Latin America that we believe has more potential for us as a company. And then in Asia Pacific, we've spoken before about India, South Africa and even some markets in Southeast Asia now that we believe have tremendous potential. So I think the goal for both of those regions is to accelerate their top line growth. They'll give us the operating leverage to invest disproportionately back in brand building and still make the economics work and continue to drive profit in both regions over time.
Ronald L. Dissinger: So Ken, this is Ron. In terms of the comparables, it's based on the restated information that we provided to you for 2012 and then going forward, including the pension accounting change. So our comparable operating profit, as we said, we expect could be down slightly. And then earnings per share is impacted by this onetime benefit that we recognized in the first quarter of 2012 that's about $0.05 related to the interest rate hedges on Pringles. Remember, that did reverse out in the second quarter but we're lapping that benefit in the first quarter.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Well, Ken, we believe we're providing realistic guidance for 2013. It's very consistent with what we communicated at the Investor Day. It includes accretion in both our Pringles business and operating profit growth within our base business as well. So we're comfortable with the guidance.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Our gross margin was down about 250 basis points in the quarter, very consistent with expectations. It would have been impacted by some dilution from the Pringles business. Around 90 basis points to that is the Pringles business. So underlying gross margin in our business was down about 160 basis points. Our inflation was pretty consistent across the entirety of the year. So we saw just over 7% cost inflation and that was very consistent in the fourth quarter.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Eric, these types of things take not just months but years. And as you mentioned, the first recall we had on cereal was back in 2010 and we're still working through that process. So we're not certain exactly when that will settle, but it is an ongoing process. We don't have anything that's been recognized in 2012 and we don't have anything included in our 2013 guidance in association with any type of settlement. They obviously would run back through the profit and loss statement.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, Andrew, as we came through 2012, the end of the year, our gross margin performance, in particular, did get better on Pringles. We saw better throughputs in the manufacturing plants. And we've even talked about being able to improve and expand the amount of capacity that we have available to run products. So we saw good throughputs, good margin expansion. As we invest and we've talked about more capital behind the business to support our growth needs over time, you will see an initial -- slight step back because of the depreciation drag associated with that capital spending. But obviously, our intent would be to fill that capacity up as quickly as possible.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, Chris, let me comment do that. Let me take a step back and talk about 2012 as well. We performed very well on the businesses. We came through the balance of the year. And our business actually did better than we had even expected as we came through the fourth quarter. So our accretion from Pringles was about $0.05 better than the original $0.11 to $0.13 we were discussing. Now this is -- had a gross accretion before integration costs. We've talked about that at the third quarter. And that took -- helped to take us to the high end of our earnings per share range. So for accretion in '12, we had about $0.17. As we move to 2013 for Pringles, we're expecting something in the range of $0.30 to $0.32 of gross accretion from the business. And then we talked about the $0.12 to $0.14 offsetting integration costs. In terms of synergies, we landed 2012 in the range of $15 million to $20 million. It's very consistent with our expectations. As we look to 2013, remember, we've always talked about a range of $50 million to $75 million will be towards the low end of that range in 2013 and then obviously stepping up as we move into 2014.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, it'll probably be around $0.05 or $0.06. But relatively, in that ballpark, David, that is correct.
Ronald L. Dissinger: So in terms of commodity hedging, David, at this point in time, we're approximately 75% covered for 2013. And just for reference, compared to this time last year, we're about 70% covered. So we've got a little bit more coverage as we're moving into 2013.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, a couple of things on that, Jonathan. First of all, you may recall at the Investor Day I talked about approximately 6% cost inflation and now we're seeing 5%. So we have seen a little bit of movement down. I mentioned just a little while ago that we're about 75% covered at this point in time for 2013 whereas at this time last year we were about 70% covered for 2012. I think the other thing that people don't always recognize is we have our domestic business, but also our international business. We are seeing inflation in the international business, as well as the domestic business. One last thing to keep in mind is we have hedged positions that roll off as we enter a year, so sometimes we see inflation as a result of those more favorable positions rolling off and the new cost trend rolling into our business.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes. So keep in mind, Venezuela is a relatively small part of our business. From a revenue standpoint, somewhere between 1% and 2% of our total revenues. And of course, we trade in a number of currencies around the world. We do have, within our estimates, a reasonable weakening of the currency in Venezuela. It's included in our guidance. And obviously, we'll discuss if there is devaluation and it is materially different versus our estimates.
Michael Allen: So it's Michael, thank you for the question. When you look at frozen breakfast category, it's composed of a couple of things. One is syrup carriers, which is where our waffle business is. So if you look at the overall effect, you've seen part of the one segment that drives frozen breakfast slow down a little bit, that's handheld. And what you've seen in the growth underneath that is syrup carriers which is waffles, which is where the majority of our business has been. So that would probably explain the dynamic.
Michael Allen: We feel pretty confident about where our performance has been through Q4, and we would expect our growth to continue.
Michael Allen: Yes, John, it's Michael. Thanks for the question. I think, as we look at our business, we have, as we talked about, very, very strong categories in which we compete and just really good heritage, not only in Eggo brands. And then when you look at the veggie business, just really on trend categories. So of course, retailers are always going to look at productivity of segments and we think we're positioned in 2 very productive segments. So we anticipate continued strong performance.
