John Renwick: Thank you, operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for a review of our fourth quarter results and a discussion of our outlook for 2024. I'm joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Amit Banati, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Slide number 3 shows our forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellanova's future performance, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the third slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. A recording of today's webcast and supporting documents will be archived for at least 90 days on the Investor page of www.kellanova.com. As always, when referring to our results and outlook, unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on an organic basis for net sales and on a currency-neutral adjusted basis for operating profit and earnings per share. Included in our press release, our financial results for the fourth quarter 2023 as well as the first three quarters and full years of 2023 and 2022 recasting W.K. Kellogg Co in those periods as discontinued operations in accordance with applicable accounting guidelines. These recast financials will be the basis of comparison used in the year-on-year growth rates we provide today for all items except free cash flow, which was not recast. Keep in mind that the accounting guidelines for discontinued operations are such that the recast financials for the periods prior to the spinoff include expenses related to providing transition services to WKKC such as warehousing and IT-related expenses, but they do not include the reimbursement for those expenses, which Kellanova is receiving from WKKC under a transition services agreement. For periods after the spin-off, that is from Q4 2023 on, both the expenses and the reimbursements will be included, which will impact year-on-year comparisons. This also creates a difference from the carve-out financials that you would have seen from WKKC as different accounting guidelines apply to carve-out financials. And now I'll turn it over to Steve.
John Renwick: Yes, Ken, sorry, it's just that our guidance is typically on growth rates, which are currency neutral. So the table just has that always, but we've elected to go with absolute dollars just to help you model, so ignore the labeling. There is a little bit of that currency impact that Amit talked about in those absolute figures.
John Renwick: Okay. Well, that is up to 10:30. If you do have follow-up questions, please do not hesitate to call us. And thank you everyone, for your interest.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. It's a real pleasure to be able to present to you results for Kellanova for the first time. Allow me first to point to you to Slide number 5 and remind everyone of Kellanova's more focused, more growth-oriented portfolio and let me also remind you of our updated and sharpened strategy. This strategy appropriately called differentiate drive and deliver as shown on Slide number 6. This strengthened portfolio and sharpened strategy were in full force during our initial quarter as Kellanova. We delivered another quarter of solid results as summarized on Slide number 7. We began the quarter with our transformational spin-off, which we executed successfully from a transactional, financial and operational perspective. We did not let this transformational transaction distract us from the task at hand, delivering results. In the quarter, we delivered results for net sales, operating profit and EPS that all were better than the guidance ranges we provided back in November. Our organic net sales growth remained at a rate that is above our long-term algorithm, even in spite of challenging industry conditions marked by rising elasticities in our categories around the world. Importantly, the strength of our diverse emerging markets was again evident. We continue to restore profit margins that had been pressured by last year's soaring input costs and rampant supply impediments. And this led to operating profit growing at a rate that exceeded our long-term algorithm as well. Meantime, we delivered more free cash flow than we had anticipated further strengthening our balance sheet and financial flexibility, which was used to opportunistically accelerate share repurchases. Importantly, we have shifted our focus back towards demand generation after a few years of having to focus more on supply. And we solidified our plans and assumptions for 2024 accordingly as outlined on Slide number 8. We are affirming the 2024 guidance we gave back in August at our Day@K Investor event, underscoring the dependability we intend to continue to exhibit as Kellanova. While it could take a couple of quarters before these negative industry trends abate, we are confident that our return to a full commercial plan will gradually stabilize and improve our volume as the year progresses. Our innovation is bigger and better than last year's supply-related pullback, our highly differentiated brands are fully supported with A&P investment, and we are back to normal levels of merchandising. We are also confident in our sustained momentum in emerging markets, another point of differentiation for Kellanova. Meantime, we also expect margin expansion in all four regions in 2024. The result is an outlook for an on-algorithm net sales and operating profit growth and free cash flow generation that is strong enough to incrementally invest in future growth and future margin expansion. This investment in future growth includes incremental capital expenditures for adding much needed capacity for Pringles in our emerging markets, as we've discussed previously. But we're also investing in margin expansion, as shown on Slide number 9. Consistent with our long-term plans to optimize our global supply chain network, we have commenced two optimizations of production facilities: one in our North America frozen foods business and one in our European cereal business. These are high-return projects that require very little cash upfront and will start delivering savings by late this year. All of this is contemplated in our guidance. And even after deploying some of the savings into growth-oriented investments, particularly behind snacks and emerging markets, these actions enabled us to get to our medium-term operating profit margin of 15% by 2026, a little earlier than we had previously indicated, while also progressing on our strategy's ambition to deliver best-in-class service through agile, flexible supply chain. Our focus is also on growing the right way, and Slide number 10 shows some of the ways our Better Days Promise program manifested itself during the fourth quarter. We unveiled new more ambitious targets for Kellanova, sustained our legacy of helping our communities and link these activities to our commercial endeavors, and we continue to be recognized for our efforts. So now let me turn it over to Amit, who will walk you through our financials before I come back and discuss each of our businesses in more detail.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. It’s going to – Rob, thanks for the question. It’s going to be throughout the year. Really, we started with displays coming back to prior years, better than prior year in the fourth quarter. In the first quarter, we’re going to see the quality of those displays improving. That will continue into the second quarter as well. And just to remind you, 2023 was a year of pullback on innovation, culling of SKUs, clearly focused on supply and making sure that we could have that supply in the market. In the U.S., though, for example, we’ve got Pringles Harvest Blends, which we brought in the second half of 2023. We’ve got Cheez-It innovations, Cheez-It Crunchy, which is hitting now. We’ve got Pop-Tarts crunchy poppers. We’ve got innovations around Nutri-Grain. We’ve got a Rice Krispies Treats with peanut butter. We’ve just got many more innovations than we’ve had in prior years, and that will roll throughout the year. We’ve also got distribution growing where it had been declining. So you should see momentum growing really starting now and picking up all through the year. And that gives us really good confidence in the top-line guide that we gave. The other thing I’d add, Rob, is a higher brand building investment as well, which we phased into the first half of this year as well to really drive that quality to display and that quality merchandising.
Steve Cahillane: There’s not really an inflection point per se. I think you’re going to see a cumulative improvement with probably the third quarter being the one where it be most notable and then we’ll exit the year with lots of momentum. So it will be cumulative throughout the year and growing from the second into the third quarter.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Chris. So it really – it’s not – it’s much less the core than it is some of the innovations that we really didn’t support with quality display merchandising. And so if you look at Cheez-It, the Snap’d and Puff’d, and if you were to look at the cases on display for those dramatically down as we focused on the core supply. And we have owned it. We returned to merchandising later than our competitors. We were more conservative when it came to that merchandising overly focused on making sure that we had high 90s fill rates before we return to merchandising. So that’s what you see in the share. We don’t see any deterioration in our brand health. In fact, we see our brand health really at very high watermarks across Cheez-It, Pringles, Pop-Tarts, Rice Krispies Treats. And so that gives us the confidence to talk about the quality of merchandising returning and our share performance improving as we go throughout 2024, again, coupled with more brand investments in the first half of the year. When you look at our brand investment, we never – we didn’t pull back in 2023. We publish advertising only on a full year basis. You’ll see advertising up in 2023, that’s going to continue into 2024.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, that’s right, because I mean, the comparisons are going to be against the year where we really didn’t innovate and now we’re getting back to kind of pre-COVID levels of innovation.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So you’re probably asking about the U.S., the frequency of promotions continues to return to pre-pandemic levels, so 2019 levels. The depth of those promotions is really kind of back to approaching those levels off a higher base. And so I’d say the whole market is pretty benign and stable. You don’t see – I’ve heard some of the noise around because volumes are down, is there going to be high levels of discounting and increased frequency of promotion. We’re not really seeing that. For us, we’re getting – we’re trying to get back to the pre-2019 levels, as I’ve mentioned a couple of times now in terms of frequency to drive quality promotional displays. But not seeing anything other than that really.
Steve Cahillane: There’s a little bit of that, but really it’s more. If you think about what we’ve been through as an industry focused on supply, focused on getting through the pandemic, focused on bottlenecks and shortages, the ability to really dedicate resources towards effectiveness programs and efficiency programs like this was challenging. And so we’re through that right now, and we see good opportunities in the frozen business. So we’ll be closing a plant and moving production to our more efficient plants in the UK, subject to consultation. We’ve got our Manchester plant, which is a very large plant, which is underutilized. We can move that production into two facilities. So straightforward programs in terms of the type of efficiencies they’ll drive. We’re confident that they’re terrific programs. But it’s really a matter of having the bandwidth pre or post pandemic, post bottlenecks and shortages that will allow us to ongoing look for programs like this to continue to drive effectiveness and efficiency.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Rob. We get asked a lot, why is Cheez-It primarily a U.S. brand? Why not expand it 10 years ago? And I think that’s a fair question. The company was very busy expanding Pringles around the world. And you see, obviously now it’s a global brand growing all around the world, recognized everywhere. And that’s the long-term ambition for something like Cheez-It, which is the next out of the gate. But you start with Cheese [ph]. And we launched in Canada, we launched in Brazil and Mexico, and this year, the back half of the year, we’ll be launching in major markets in Europe. And so it’s a long-term play. It’s in our guidance, it’s not really – it’s not going to be a material driver of top line. But five years from now, it’s going to be a much bigger brand internationally than it is today. And that’s really the plan. We learned from the Canada launch. We applied those learnings to Brazil, then to Mexico, and we’ve got a terrific plan for the back half of the year in Europe. And so it’s a long-term play. Then you look at the rest of our portfolio. Rice Krispies Treats is already a multi-country brand, growing nicely in Europe, growing nicely in Australia and New Zealand. You look at Pop-Tarts, there’s potentially room for that to be an international brand down the road. So we look at our portfolio, we like what we see in terms of international expansion, but we’re going to do it in a very prudent and pragmatic and practical way to drive long-term growth.
Amit Banati: Yes. Peter, that does include the – operating profit does include the currency headwind, so just confirming that. Like I mentioned, it's approximately around 2% at today's rates. So that 2% is built into the dollar numbers that we've given.
Amit Banati: Yes. At the Day at K, we had kind of given you the absolute dollar guidance just to kind of help set up your models. I think we don’t intend to provide regional guidance going forward on an ongoing basis. But that said, I would say that all the regions for 2024, we’d expect them to be within their long-term algorithms growth rates that we had shared at Day at K.
Amit Banati: Gross margins have come in better than expected, and so I think the supply chain is performing well. We’re seeing costs come out of the supply chain that had gone in the last couple of years. In quarter four, first quarter of Kellanova, our gross margin came in at 34%, and we’d expect that in 2024, we’d be approaching 35%. So that’s kind of the outlook for the year. So pleased with the progress that we are making, and certainly the progress that we’re making the gross margins is ahead of what we had shared at Day at K. That’s allowed us to continue to be on our guidance on an operating profit basis. I think in terms of the drivers, you’ll obviously have the benefit of wraparound pricing and some continued revenue growth management into this year. The input costs, I would say deflationary on commodities, a couple of commodities continue to be inflationary, net-net slightly deflationary. You look at labor and other parts of our supply chain where there is inflation overall, I'd say costs are broadly neutral. So that combination should drive continued progress on gross margin. And I think it'll be fairly balanced across the quarters. We'd expect our A&P to be more front loaded as we get back to full innovation. But the gross margin progress should be fairly balanced across the quarters.
Amit Banati: Yes. North America. I'll just start. North America will probably be towards the low end of that range, so probably more low-single digit. But as Steve elaborated, its return to merchandising, innovation, all of that should result in low-single digit growth in North America.
Amit Banati: Yes. So a couple of things driving the strong volume growth in EMEA, and it was all in Africa JVs. One is we are expanding our noodles business across the continent in South Africa as well as in Egypt. So we're seeing strong volume growth. And that expansion is seeing good traction in terms of share and leading share positions in South Africa as well as in Egypt. So that's a source of volume growth, and that will continue in 2024. I think in Nigeria specifically, we've had to take a lot of pricing given what's happened with the currency and the elasticities have been pretty good and better than expected. There has been some ordering by our customers at older prices. So you're seeing acceleration of the orders to take benefit of the oil pricing. And in an environment where you're taking successive price increases, you kind of see that timing of shipments play through. Hard to kind of predict when that would unwind because as you know, the currency is devalued further in January, and we'd be taking further pricing. But we'd expect that to adjust during the course of 2024.
Amit Banati: Yes. So just on the 12% versus the 13% at Day@K, they are on a different basis. So the 12% that you see right now is on the discontinued operations basis, which is – we've now done that work, and that's what we'll be reporting against. The 13%, which we had given at Day@K was an internal management estimate, and really the difference is the 12% does not include reimbursement for the first nine months, the TSA reimbursements for services that we're providing to WKKC, that's the way the discontinued operations accounting works. So that's really the difference between the 12% and the 13%. And I think, like I said, we expect in 2024 to be at 14% margin, so very pleased with that, obviously. And I think that's structurally higher than where we were as Kellogg's. And I think it's just a proof point of higher growth and higher profit portfolio that we have in Kellanova. And then I think to our confidence in getting to the 15% margin by 2026, yes, the network optimization projects are a contributing factor. And we'll continue to look at further opportunities but all the other drivers, advantage brands, our Top 5 brands have higher margins. They are 50% of our sales. We'd expect them to grow faster, scale in emerging markets, getting back to a full productivity program in our supply chain, some continued revenue growth management. All of those would also be contributing factors to get to that 15%.
Amit Banati: No, I think it's just timing because the growth rate – so when you look at 2024, right, we are getting reimbursement for all four quarters. In 2023, we got reimbursement only in quarter four because that was when the spin happened. So the reason why it's in the teens growth rate is in 2024, you've got four quarters in 2023, you've got one quarter. So it's purely because of the way the timing of the spin and the difference coming from there.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think there are costs which we are getting reimbursed. So I wouldn't characterize it as a benefit. We're incurring the cost on behalf of WKKC as part of the services we are providing them, and they are reimbursing us for those expenses that we are incurring. We would expect those expenses to drop off. And there's no markup on the service – so we would expect those expenses to drop off and then the reimbursement to drop off now is it a one-to-one? Not completely, but I'd say the vast majority of those – and I think like I mentioned in the warehouse example, that warehouse right now, we are paying for it, and we get reimbursement. Once they drop off, they'll pay for it directly.
Chris Carey: Hi good morning and thank you for the question. So, I just wanted to touch on this innovation and merchandising comment again and just trying to contextualize 2023. Can you maybe just help understand 2023 market share performance between say, some of your brand – or some of your extension innovations, say, your base business relative to innovations that you had done through the year that perhaps received less support or, or less merchandising. Really just trying to understand is it the core were – where you’re starting to see some of the share erosion? Or was it some of the newer products that you had launched in 2023 that perhaps didn’t get as much support and going into 2024, those are really the opportunities for you to kind of recapture some of this relative share momentum.
Chris Carey: Okay. So really, we should be looking at the strength of additional innovation, adding to market share performance with maybe the base business being a little bit of an uplift as well. Okay, and then…
Chris Carey: Right, right. Okay. And then just from a competitive standpoint, can you maybe just give any context for what you’re seeing in the environment from a pricing and promotion standpoint. And then I think one of the categories where promotion – or excuse me, competitive activity is especially what it’s been on the Eggo business. So maybe you can just provide a high level thoughts on competition and maybe just drill down on that specific business? Thanks.
