Steve Cahillane: Yes, thanks for the question, Cody. There’s not really any meaningful difference between shipments and consumption. It's moved around a lot obviously, because we had to rebuild inventory on cereal in quarter one, quarter two, but we're pretty much right in balance right now. We may actually see some shipments come out in the fourth quarter, because we're kind of back to where we want to be, but there's not really a meaningful thing to talk about when it comes to differences between shipments and consumption in North America or anywhere around the world for that matter. 
Steve Cahillane: Yeah, I'll start and I can turn it to Amit. But you know, North America, if you look at the way they performed in the third quarter and year-to-date, it's pretty exceptional. You know I didn't really think we'd be talking about 14% organic net sales growth in North America, which is really outstanding.  But inflation is running so very hot that you know getting pricing to cover input costs I think is an exceptional achievement and then you've got the bottlenecks and shortages, which are very difficult to price for obviously and to forecast, and so whether or not it's a trough on bottlenecks and shortages remains to be seen.  It stopped getting worse, but there's not a meaningful improvement in it. But you know the price mix in North America was strong, the ability to cover costs was strong, the underlying brand performance was exceptionally strong and so the outlook for North America is strong. It's been a terrific year.  Amit, do you want to… 
Steve Cahillane: Yeah David, I'll start and Amit can add any color. Starting with the stranded costs, we're not prepared to talk about that today. We will be as we get into next year, but we continue to make very solid progress. I would remind you that we've got a lot of experience around this when we divested the portions of the Keebler business. We were very successful at extracting stranded costs. We will have the opportunity to have TSAs as well and the business is growing very, very strongly, so we – and that the plans are moving forward very nicely. So when we get to the point where we can do that, we’ll of course provide that visibility.  In terms of Kellogg Europe, you know they continue to perform very, very well. This quarter was a tale of what they were lapping last year. So if you look at the operating profit being down, on a two year CAGR, it's actually up over 20% because of that lap. You also have the most impact coming from the stoppage in Russia, obviously what's happening there and so they are cycling that. In terms of pricing, the team has been very, very successful in executing revenue growth management in – you know in the most difficult environment in the world. They've done an exceptional job. You know we've got David who runs the business there doing a terrific job. Miranda Prins who runs Continental Europe has done an exceptional job with our customers, really putting together joint business plans with them into next year that help us cover, you know cover the high inflation that exists there. So lots of good work happening in Europe, continued strong momentum despite exceptional headwinds.  In terms of elasticity, the one area where we're starting to see a little bit of return to normal elasticity would be in cereal in Europe. In the UK actually it looked like it was starting in Continental Europe, but there's a lot of noise, so I wouldn't point to that as anything significant right now. There's a lot of variables in it, but it's the one area where elasticity is probably emerging faster than anywhere else in the world. 
Steve Cahillane: Yes, thanks Andrew. I'd say we actually are emerging stronger from what was an incredibly trying time. Obviously you have a major fire and then you have a strike that lasts a full quarter, an exceptionally difficult environment. But we were confident that we could restore the business and we have been sequentially and now as we look forward, we're looking at even better year-over-year performance, and that's coming from some of the things that you mentioned.  We did prioritize SKUs. We cut out a number of tails, which allows us to consolidate some of our investment around our strongest brands. So some of the things I mentioned you know, you know Tony the Tiger being back, you know lots of good promotional activity being back, the ROIs are rising for us and you can see that in some of the shares of our leading brands. The pricing we've been and the revenue growth management has been exceptional behind you know those programs and those ROIs. Our shelf sets if you walk the stores look very, very good, you know compared to where they looked only six months ago. So it is about prioritized SKU's, prioritized brand investment, getting the commercial activity back there. Our fourth quarter has got really good innovation coming through that's been well accepted. So I'd say the cereal business has emerged as a stronger business and that's why you heard the optimism when we talk about the business going forward, it's been very strong. And then in Canada, you know even stronger, so terrific job by the team. 
Steve Cahillane: It's a pricing story there Chris, it's almost all price. In fact it is all price and our ability to take that level of price has been obviously impressive, but it's a pricing story. 
Steve Cahillane: It hasn't been interestingly trading down, so – and by the way, it's still low levels of price elasticity. So we're just saying this is the first maybe early indicators that it's returning in some of those regions, but still low, still not back to historical levels. And when you look at private label, there's a lot of variables all around the world, but by and large we see no empirical evidence of private label growing in any of our markets, really in any of our categories in a meaningful way.  We see in fact quite the opposite in some markets and where they are growing, they tend to be growing off year ago comparisons, which were challenged, and so that's really what we're seeing. The concern I think overall is just the absolute nature of household budgets and as inflation throughout the economy continues to rage, you know how that affects the absolute dollars available for households.  But what you see in our categories is we tend to be affected less than discretionary consumer goods and travel and dining out and things of that nature, so. But it's one to watch. We do not take it for granted. We watch our price gaps very much. We continue to invest in our brands. We're not complacent by any means, but we just haven't seen the empirical evidence that private label is making meaningful inroads in any of our categories or geographies. 
Steve Cahillane: If I understand the question, again, next year we'll be providing much more transparent information on it. In terms of things like who owns the trucks, we outsource the vast majority of our logistics right now, so we'll be working through warehousing and all those types of things. But when you look at the scale of both of our businesses, you know they are pretty scaled businesses, so it's – we're not going to be running half truckloads anywhere. We'll be running full truck loads and it's the work that's being done right now.  And yes, there will be TSA agreements between the businesses, mainly the snacks business providing TSA to the Cereal Co. In terms of things like IT, you know the classic way to do this is you typically clone systems and then separate and we've got a lot of experts helping us with that. A number of us have been through these things before and are you know, you get a lot of experience at it.  So a lot of work going on right now, but what you should hear from us is a very, very high degree of confidence that the work is progressing exactly as we expected and that we have a high degree of confidence in the value creation opportunity that exists, and that's exactly why we're doing it. 
Amit Banati: Yeah, just a couple of other things Cody. So one was, you know we've seen input costs accelerate through the quarter, and I think you know we had talked previously of sequential improvement. We did see the sequential improvement in gross margins, but it was not as much as we expected, and really the primary driver for that was acceleration of input costs, so we saw that happen. We've taken incremental action from a revenue growth management. I think within the quarter there was probably a bit of a lag, so you're seeing the impact of that on margins.  I think as Steve mentioned, bottlenecks and shortages persisted. I think the other factor as well is we resumed as we had said that SG&A would be back and waited. We restored ANP behind cereal as we’ve built back inventory, so you've seen that come through in the quarter as well. And you know we'd expect that in quarter four as well. So you know the SG&A has been kind of back weighted this year. 
Amit Banati: I think from an inflation standpoint, you know we did see meaningful acceleration during the quarter. So we saw input cost inflation at around the 20’s, into the 20’s, and so I think you know from a full year standpoint and we expect similar levels of inflation in quarter four as well. And I think you know given the acceleration we've seen in quarter three into quarter four, I think our full year inflation, you know from the high teens is now kind of pushing close to the 20% level from an inflation standpoint. 
Amit Banati: I think as always, and as you've seen in our results right, it's a combination of productivity, it's a combination of revenue growth management, and I think as you saw in our quarter three results, our price mix accelerated during the quarter. So I think you know the teams are doing a terrific job navigating through what is a high cost inflation environment by taking instrumental actions as needed.  I would say that on gross margins we saw sequential improvement despite all the inflation, we saw sequential improvement in quarter three, and I think our expectation is that we will see margin improve and gross profit dollars improve in quarter four as we lapped you know the fire and strike. I think from a full year gross margin standpoint, our previous guidance was around 100 basis points declined. You know we'd expect that to be a bit more than the 100 basis points that we had guided to, but I think you know that gives you an indication that despite the higher inflation, you know the amount of incremental actions that the teams have taken, and just the strength of our brands. 
Amit Banati: Yeah, I think you know we've largely been successful right in covering inflation on our input costs and our packaging costs, right, and so I think you know – I think what, from a disruption standpoint, that's probably and you know some of the unplanned, because of supply chain bottlenecks and some of those inefficiencies are probably the ones that you know it's hard to forecast and hard to plan around that we probably have not been able to pass on. 
Amit Banati: Yeah. So I think you know we'd firstly say, we'd expect a similar amount for quarter four right, so I think that's the first thing. Obviously it depends really on what happens on markets, because the remeasurement would really be at the year end, and where the markets are at the end of the year. What we’ve seen this year is like I said, it's about on two of our plans. They are roughly around 50% of our value, of our pension assets, and you've seen it for about half a year.  So you know we'd expect a full year impact next year. We need to re-measure all the plans, but, it really depends on where markets are at the end of the year. So it's hard to forecast and we’ll obviously talk a lot more about that when we are guiding for ‘23 in our February call. And this is not unique to us. I think it's driven by what's happening in interest rates, as well as markets, and it's of course non-operating and non-cash. 
Amit Banati: Yeah, you know the guidance for the quarter four is roughly in line with the year-to-date rate at double digit levels. So it's – yeah, so it's similar to that. You would see the Russia impact as we saw in quarter three and quarter four as well. So you know as we cycled the stop shipments of Pringles into Russia. And so you know directionally it's in line with the year-to-date.  As always, you know we made some assumptions around rising pricing elasticity. So we’d see how that plays out. I think also from a lab standpoint, quarter four last year was when we took the most revenue growth management actions last year. So we'd be lapping that. So I think you know there are a couple of factors there, but broadly I'd say that the quarter four guide is in line with the year-to-date rates. 
Amit Banati: I think you know we are pleased with the level of spending. I think the phasing and we think we are spending competitively in the marketplace to drive the brands. I think there was some phasing obviously between the first half and the second half, but overall from a full year standpoint right, you know we are pleased with where we are. 
Amit Banati: No cash consequences, really. I mean, you know I think the level of funding, because both your assets and your liabilities go down. So your level of funding is – you know it moves a little bit, but not meaningfully, so this is really more driven by accounting and like I said, its non-cash, non-operating, and I think the level of funding in the pension plans doesn't change meaningfully. 
