Steve Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question, Nik. First of all, you can see what we've done in terms of our marketing and brand building investments. So we're concentrating that in the back half of the year as we said we would. So we've got lots of funds directed exactly at that. The second thing is we have really enhanced our data and analytics. So we have a better understanding now more than ever about consumers and occasions at a very granular level. So the messaging that we're getting out there, digital, social and otherwise is directed in a more micro way against consumers and occasions that drive the type of behaviors that we want. And we're seeing real results. So if I gave you just a couple of examples. In terms of penetration, the RTEC category is growing penetration, not quite at 1%. And we're more than double that at nearly 2% RTEC penetration, and we're also retaining those households. Same thing in salty snacks. So it's really about understanding the consumer, the consumer occasion, what drives behavior in getting that message out there. And we've got a lot of investment behind that. So more to go. We're pleased with where we are, but it's really based on the fundamental improvements in data and analytics and our ability to micro target against those consumers supplemented with the right level of investment behind it.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Steve. We were very pleased with the performance in emerging markets in this quarter, obviously. It was led by cereal, which saw elevated demand based on some of the lockdowns. We continue to expand our noodles business very successfully. So we're pleased about that. But in quarter four, obviously, we see the potential for some slowdowns, which is what we talked about. We've got unusual situations, the school closings in North Africa. That's a big bit of business for us. The labeling regulations in Mexico, uncertain how -- if and how that will impact the business. It's across really all consumer packages. So hard to say. And then Nigeria, obviously, in the news very much, as you can see with protests and disruption which disrupts our business, has disrupted our business there. So always watch outs in emerging markets to be sure and when you have this type of environment, coupled with the recessionary environment, you always want to stay close and watch it. But very proud of the way the organization in quarter three came through in emerging markets and delivered a better-than-expected performance.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. No, I think I just -- exactly, it's confidence in the trajectory based on the investments that we just talked about. And it's -- as you know, Ken, there's so much uncertainty right now. How long this goes, what consumer behavior really changes and how it lasts. And so we're leaning into it. We're very much leaning into it, but we believe that this crisis is terrible as it's been, has given us an opportunity to really engage with consumers in meaningful and lasting ways and to make those investments to emerge stronger. 
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Ken. Again, there's so many things that are unknowable right now. And so it's really our planning assumptions. And to the best of our ability, what we're thinking of is the away-from-home channels, as we talked about, not really recovering very quickly. We're weighted towards schools and travel and leisure. So the ones that are recovering, convenience and so forth. Your QSR, you're starting to see stabilize, but not where we're weighted. And then in terms of retail channels, we were talking about in the third quarter about a deceleration. It did decelerate. It continues to decelerate. At what level it stops and starts to go back up again? Is an unknowable. We see the same news reports. We obviously see the same terrible trends in the COVID virus. And so this is our planning assumption, and we hope for a recovery, obviously, as everybody does in terms of these lockdowns and so forth. But to the best of our ability, this is what we see. And at a point in time, you just have to make a call and say, the continuation of the deceleration is what we see. But you have to be agile, just in case that changes.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, thanks, Bryan. So the first thing I'd say is, it's early days, obviously. And we're all learning what it means to launch a new brand in a pandemic environment where shoppers' behaviors are different, right? And so we've talked about how big brands are resonating. People trust big brands. They get in and out. The shopping experience as quickly as they can. And so we do believe that launching Incogmeato under the halo of the MorningStar Farms brand gives it a real advantage. And when you look at MorningStar Farms, up I think it's 27% year-to-date through quarter three, obviously really strong growth and again launching Incogmeato underneath that. And it was really scheduled for a March 31 launch. We had to delay that based on retailer resets. We have got our burger, our ground bratwurst and sausage products off. We're launching our Disney chicken nuggets. We're very strong in chicken and obviously the Disney franchise, and this is a Mickey offering. We think we'll get a lot of traction. And so the national distribution is really just building as we speak, but we're pleased with where we are. We're pleased with the early returns, but it is very early. So everything that we talked about in terms of the strategy, we think holds true, particularly the strength of the product offering itself and the strength of launching under the MorningStar Farms halo, we believe still remain very relevant. But we're vigilant. We've got our sales organization out there each and every day, checking on placements, and doing everything they can to advance the visibility of Incogmeato in the marketplace.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So capacity, we ran up against capacity. Nobody planned for 27% growth, obviously, but we've got -- in the short-term really working on crewing and getting everything we can in terms of throughput. And as we enter 2021, we do have plans for additional lines and so more significant capacity coming on. So in short-term, it's about crewing and throughput. In the longer-term or the medium term, which is really next year, it's about additional lines to really add to capacity, because we see this as a lasting. You're not going to see this type of elevated demand, I would suspect, going forward. But plant-based is a real megatrend. It was before the pandemic, and the type of trial that you're seeing is really going to we think accelerate what was already a meaningful trend in this space.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question, Michael. What I'd say is, right now the priority is the United States. It's a huge opportunity. MorningStar Farms is a very big brand. So clearly, winning in the U.S. is -- and competing in the U.S. is the number 1 priority for us. We are, outside the U.S., in Australia, New Zealand, currently. And so we are experimenting, and we'll see what the opportunity is and how it presents itself. But we believe that priority 1 is the United States because of the size of the market and because of the advantage we have having MorningStar Farms as a very established brand. 
Steve Cahillane: Yes, thanks, David. So we have put money behind our brands. We’ve put investment behind our brands. And we've seen the benefits of that flowing through. And we are singularly focused on balanced growth. So we're pleased with the top-line performance pre-COVID and obviously we get the bump from COVID. And when you look at the financial results of this year, based on the new guidance that we just updated today, you see a P&L that looks very solid and very balanced with good top-line growth, margins improving and a nice bottom-line performance. And so we also like the type of investment that we have currently behind our brands, when you think about it as a percentage of net sales, for example. And so as we think forward, we like where we are in terms of our brand-building spend, and we would see that continuing. So we don't see any great need for a big insurgent into any particular area. We benefited from being able to invest this year. In particular when you think about the level of investment in the second half of the year because of the COVID crisis, we had this concentration of lots of consumer messaging going into the back half of this year, into the fourth quarter, we believe will allow us to enter 2021 with lots of good momentum and lots of brand building and equity that's been invested into our brands. And so we like where we stand today in terms of the health of our brands and the momentum of our brands.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, thanks, Chris. So roughly speaking, we got about a third of it off in the third quarter. And so we're obviously planning on two-thirds of it off in the fourth quarter, which leads to double-digit brand building against various platforms. That's on top of what we had already planned. And so that's what I was just saying in the previous question. That's why we've got this concentration of really good brand messaging happening in the back half of the year and with good ROIs. And so we're very pleased with the type of performance we're getting from it. But remember, too, that these are -- a lot of this is to build the longer-term equity of our brands and enter 2021 with good momentum.  Now having said all that, there's all this uncertainty, right? And so what happens with everything from movie releases to college football bowls in the fourth quarter remains an uncertainty. So we'll continue to have to be agile in how we think about where the right places to invest are, but we're determined to invest against our brands to continue to build the equity, to drive the right ROIs and to enter 2021 with real solid momentum.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, thanks, Rob. So for the full year, we'll be up mid-single digits ex the divestiture, right? And we'll be up, as I just mentioned, double-digits in the second half of the year. And so that's why I talk about 2021 entering with real momentum. And we believe that, that gives us the right level from a percentage of sales, roughly speaking, of where we want to be. Now we always reserve the right with great ROIs and great ideas to go plus or minus. But when you look at the momentum that we've got in our net sales pre-COVID and what we built last year, we felt like we were getting significantly good returns on our advertising spend last year. And if you'll recall, we exited fourth quarter with 2.7% growth, and that was pre-COVID. So we were clearly getting the benefit of the type of investments that we were making over the course of the last 3 years, really. And so -- and they came with some surges and some tactical movements around. But if you just go back to the top-line and see the top-line momentum that was building over the course of last year, we feel like we were deploying that advertising spending in very good ways, with good returns that were getting us exactly what we wanted. And obviously, this year, everything went completely into replanning after COVID. But again, we'll finish the year with mid-single-digit advertising spend ex-divestiture with real momentum in the back half of the year because of the concentration and double-digit nature of the investment in quarter three and quarter four.
Steve Cahillane: It's a slight increase, Rob, to the original plan, but pretty close. And so if you recall last quarter, on our earnings, I talked about how we were bound and determined to spend what we had planned on spending, and that gives us the type of concentration in the second half and the momentum. So up slightly from even that, but just slightly. But you can think about it kind of in terms of spending our full year allocated budget against our brands. 
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Jason. It really -- you didn’t point to the double-digit declines in away-from-home channels, and that's a sizable portion of our business as well as the on-the-go pack formats. If you take away those declines in away-from-home in particular, the rest of the business was up mid-single digits, right? And if you look at our consumption, you can see that as well, up mid-single-digits. So it really is the away-from-home channels that drove that. 
Steve Cahillane: Yes. The answer to that is yes. And now there's a great deal of uncertainty, obviously, with what really happens with schools. And we all see that in our daily lives. Schools going back and then going into hybrid and then getting shut down. And so it's a very fluid situation. But from a consumption standpoint, we still see the elevated demand, and we still see the benefits of COVID, but it is definitely counterbalanced by the away-from-home softness. 
Amit Banati: And I think just to add to that, I think you look at the strength of our cash flow, I think that's allowed -- we always said that our priority this year would be to reduce our net debt, and I think the strength of our cash flow is allowing us to accelerate that net debt reduction. And so I think that allows us much more financial flexibility as we emerge out of this crisis.
Amit Banati: Yes. So I think just on the cash flow, right, there are a number of factors that are driving our improved cash flow, right? So part of it is driven by just higher earnings -- higher adjusted earnings, a significant reduction in restructuring, outlays, good working capital management that we've seen across all our businesses, and then the capital expenditure. Some of which has been delayed. Now we are hoping to catch up on capital expenditure in quarter four. And that has been reflected in our outlook, with planned downtime to get some of the CapEx away, and some of it will be delayed. But I think, as Steve mentioned, right, from a CapEx standpoint, I think our focus is on getting the capacity in all our constrained platforms as quickly as possible. So I would say part of it -- part of the cash flow is timing and phasing. But equally, a part of it is as well just sustained improvement in our earnings, in our reduction in restructuring as well as working capital, which we would expect to sustain.
Amit Banati: I think it depends on the platform. And I think it depends -- so in some platforms, we're running flat out to service the elevated demand. In others where we can, we're taking the opportunity to catch up on capital expenditure. So I think it varies across the platforms. 
Amit Banati: So Jason, we don't -- we won't get into the specifics of trade. But I think from an overall standpoint, we're seeing the price mix come through. I think within that, there is a very marked category shift. I think we talked that in our last call, just the mix between cereal and snacks and different rates there -- different rates between the channels. I think that's probably driving some of the negatives. But overall, we're seeing price mix come through. .
