Steven Cahillane: Thanks, John and good morning, everyone. The fourth quarter completed what was an excellent year, competitively, financially, and in terms of the grit and skill, our organization demonstrated in executing through what were truly extraordinary circumstances. The strength of our snacks portfolio was clearly evident with double-digit net sales growth across all regions underpinned by strong end market performance. We sustained exceptional growth in emerging markets led by our noodles and other portfolio in Africa, but also posting strong growth in snacks and cereal across EMEA and Latin America.  We mitigated the profit impact of unusually high input costs that accelerated during the year, leaning into productivity and carefully executed revenue growth management actions. We navigated through economy wide supply bottlenecks and shortages and worked to restore capacity in much of our business, most notably in North America Cereal and North America Frozen Foods. The result of all of this was strong financial delivery that exceeded expectations throughout the year prompting us to raise guidance more than once this year for net sales, operating profit and EPS and still over deliver that guidance thanks to a strong fourth quarter. We also announced, planned, and made significant progress towards a separation of our company that will not only improve performance of North America Cereal Co., but provide clearer visibility into the strength of the snacks oriented parent company.  With all of this going on and amidst global supply disruptions and high costs, we kept our focus on sustaining momentum in all of our businesses. We stay true to our deploy for growth strategy, leveraging our growth shaped portfolio, orienting our brand building and innovation towards winning occasions and sustaining momentum in our biggest world class brands, all while working to restore service levels and leveraging all levers of revenue growth management in an attempt to keep up with soaring cost inflation. The results of this focus on sustaining momentum are shown clearly in our organic net sales growth which is shown on Slide Number 6. Not only did our sales come in ahead of expectations every quarter, but our growth accelerated sequentially every quarter and this growth was impressively broad based in all four of our regions and in all four of our major category groups, snacks, cereal, frozen and noodles and other. We also remain committed to our better day’s strategy towards environmental, social, and governance practices. Slide Number 7 show some examples of tangible actions taken and recognitions received during the fourth quarter alone, illustrating this continued commitment. And you can expect us to maintain this focus on execution and reliable financial delivery in 2023.  Slide Number 8 shows that you can expect many of the same drivers of this financial delivery as we saw in 2022. Our snacks business, which is roughly half of today's Kellogg Company should see sustained momentum led by truly world class brands. In our strong emerging markets businesses, we expect to continue to drive growth and manage through what are always interesting macroeconomic conditions. Input cost inflation remains high, which means we will again be focused on realizing productivity and cost savings supplemented by utilizing all levers of our database revenue growth management disciplines around the world. And we continue to progress on our supply recovery in specific businesses. As a result, we are forecasting growth in net sales and operating profit that are above our long-term targets even as we continue to invest in the enhancement of capabilities, service levels, and the strength of our brands.  Meanwhile, we continue to March towards the separation into more focused companies, starting with the spinoff of North American Cereal Company still scheduled for late this year. Work has progressed on the carving out of financials, the designing of new organizations, and the separation of key systems and processes. Separately, you'll recall that we were exploring strategic options for the plant based food business which represents about 2% of our company's net sales. Given current market conditions as well as our confidence in this business as a long-term growth vehicle, we have decided to retain it as part of global snacking company. We remain as confident as ever in the value to be created by making global snacking company and North American Cereal Company more focused with better visibility into and valuation of their performance and outlook. In short, we are poised for another good year of results.  Before discussing our businesses in detail, let me now turn it over to Amit for a review of our financials.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Sure, Jason. In Europe, it's essentially, we're catching up, right? The inflation came fast and furious, and our ability to catch up to it was impacted in the third and fourth quarter. We also had, obviously, the Russia impact primarily, in the third quarter. Higher A&P continued to bolster our top line, which we're committed to doing. And so we're catching up. It's still going to be a bit of a pressure in the first half, as we mentioned, but our underlying business is very, very solid. And our ability to get price -- earned price has also been solid. It's never easy anywhere, but the European dynamics can be challenging, but we've been making our way through it. And so we have good confidence in the underlying momentum of the business. It's really just -- took a little time to catch up.
Steven Cahillane: Yes, we're in reasonable shape right now, Jason. We don't like to talk too much about individual negotiations with our customers. They're doing everything that they always do, which is protect the consumer. We want to protect the consumer as well, be as affordable as possible, but we need to maintain our margins. And we're having those adult conversations, and they're proceeding constructively.
Steven Cahillane: Yes, Alexia. So for us in North America in the fourth quarter, volume was up. And obviously, overall revenue was up nicely. We did have a fairly easy comparison, particularly in North American cereal because of the fire and strike. On a two-year basis, though, we -- well, first of all, the trajectory of our North American cereal business is very, very solid, and we're very, very pleased with it. On a two-year basis, NSV is also up. I'm not sure what you're looking at, but it is up. Volume is down slightly as the category is. But our NSV on a two-year basis and a one-year basis is up in cereal. And we're very confident about the plans in 2023 that we have in place. We're confident about the distribution that we've been able to gain. We're confident about our shelf sets. Our consumer promotions are, as I said, really back on track. You can see Jalen Hurts and Tony the Tiger on television right now as a matter of fact, which is lucky for us that Jalen is in the Super Bowl. So feeling very good about our North American cereal recovery on a one year and two-year basis.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. So it's different everywhere around the world. The U.S. has been strong. It's been relatively inelastic, particularly in our categories. So we've definitely benefited from that. There's no question that the U.S. balance sheet, consumer balance sheet still remains stronger than it was pre-pandemic, although continues to erode over time. The employment situation, as you know, in the U.S. is still very strong. So overall, the consumer in the U.S. is in a good place. And when you look at the categories that we play in, it remains very strong, right. So they are cutting out discretionary items, which, we all know, high-ticket items are under a lot of pressure. Our categories are doing very well.  And if you look at the emerging markets, the same could be said, the consumer is very strong, surprisingly resilient in virtually all of our emerging markets, which has been very positive for our results from a category standpoint. And then we're doing well inside those categories. Europe is where you see -- if you go back a couple of quarters ago, we did indicate that we were seeing the beginning of elasticities returning, particularly in the cereal business, and we're seeing a little bit more of that. So the European consumer, I would say, is probably under more pressure than just about anywhere else in the world. And you see that, obviously, in the discretionary categories, and you're starting to see a little bit more of a normal return to elasticities in the European consumer. Still not back to pre-pandemic levels or what we describe as normal levels, but higher than it is in the rest of the world.
Steven Cahillane: Yes, Andrew, we really don't have that concern. We haven't seen anything that would point to an irrational environment on the horizon. And as our supply has improved, we've been gradually restoring merchandising activity, which is an effective complement to our brand building, always has been. And so it's not a bad thing. It's not a bad thing to obviously drive displays, as you well know, drive merchandising activity. And from a supply standpoint, it's not as if there's a lot of excess capacity in our categories for us, certainly, and I think even for some of our competitors. So when you look at that, when you look at the supply availability, when you look at the demand creation, which is out there, and available, I see a very rational environment on the horizon.
Steven Cahillane: Yes, Rob, I would say definitely will improve in 2023. That is our plan. And the process was very thorough. We said from the beginning, we were going to pursue a spin but would look at other strategic alternatives. We did that. And if you recall, when we began this process, valuation for peer companies were stratospheric compared to where they are today. They've come down quite substantially. So the thesis when we started the process was to truly unlock shareholder value if we could attract the same types of multiples in the public market, we should pursue that. The environment has clearly changed. And when we look at what's on the horizon for this category, we see an imminent shakeout coming. It's happening already. And there'll be a couple of players left standing, and Morningstar Farms still has some of the highest household penetration, highest name recognition, fantastic foods, strong in the freezer space where this consumer is migrating back to, and profitable, unlike many of the peers. So as we step back and look at it, we are the best parent for Morningstar Farms. And when we shared with our people this morning that we were keeping the business, there was elation. And so there's a lot of momentum underlying in our people, in their plans, and we're optimistic for 2023. And more importantly, we're optimistic beyond that because when the shakeout continues, there'll be a few left standing. And the underlying consumer drivers around health and wellness, around environmental concerns, around moving away from animal proteins, all still remain. And Morningstar Farms has one of the cleanest labels out there. And so there's a lot going from Morningstar Farms, and we're excited to keep it.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Bryan. I think it will be part of the strategy. Obviously, we're going to execute the spin. That's priority number one. And we'll execute the spin, and we'll have a global snacking company with a very strong balance sheet, cereal company as well. And so as we look for opportunities, we'll look for organic and inorganic opportunities. And our organic opportunities, as you can see, with Pringles remain exceptional, with Cheez-It, Rice Krispies Treats, remain exceptional. Cheez-It is only now really leaving the United States and expanding overseas in Canada, Brazil, and soon other geographies as well. So on balance, we'll look at those opportunities for continued organic growth, but where we can supplement our portfolio with additions, we'll definitely look to that because we do have great capabilities in snacking, great route-to-market, and bolt-ons or bigger will be part of our considerations going forward.
Steven Cahillane: Well, Bryan, you never say never, obviously, right. But we are very, very confident that there's no condition by which we won't execute the spin by the end of this year. It's a tax-free spin-off, a dividend to our shareholders really. And so we don't have to rely on the debt markets. We don't have to rely on IPO markets, equity markets. It's a dividend to our shareowners and nothing is without risk, but we have a very high degree of confidence, and we absolutely plan on executing this by the end of the year.
Steven Cahillane: I'll start with the pricing and let Amit take the CAPEX. I'll start with what we always talk about in terms of we're not going to get into forward-looking pricing and customer negotiations and things of that nature, but we always start with the first line of defense against rising costs is productivity. And so this is -- the receding of bottlenecks and shortages have given us the opportunity to really put together more historic productivity plans because all that noise is starting to recede. And so we will have an aggressive productivity plan. But as Amit talked about, our intention is to stabilize margins to slightly grow them. So that's going to require revenue growth management throughout the year, and that'll look different throughout the year, depending on what geography it is. But that is our intention.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. We don't go into that category level, but you can look at the momentum that we have and the comments I made earlier. We plan on continuing that momentum, getting back TDPs that were lost that's been very successful up to this point and to continue to grow our gross margin. We came to a low point, obviously, because of the fire and strike. So we're coming off that. But the underlying momentum, the trajectory of the business, we feel very good about, and we aim to continue that trajectory.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think, Jason, just looking at the current rates, we'd say probably 1% to 2% impact on EPS and OP, maybe on sales around 3%. So that's kind of the outlook if you look at where the rates are today.
Amit Banati: And then I think just to build on that from a guidance standpoint, we have incorporated rising elasticity. So that's built into our guidance for 2023.
Amit Banati: Yes. So I think we are on track to execute the spend towards the end of the year. So leading up to that, we'll be providing all the information as well as having the Investor Day as you'd expect. So towards the end of the year is what we're working towards. I think the $300 million, it's a combination of onetime costs related to executing the transaction. So consultants, I think we're working very closely with some blue-chip advisers on program management, ensuring that we have a comprehensive program to manage the change and develop a comprehensive plan of action. I think it includes your typical banker loyal fees as well, as well as some capital expenditure to realign the supply chain to get IT systems up and running for the new cereal company.
Amit Banati: I think on a full year basis, it will be flat to slightly up on gross margins, and I think it'll improve progressively as we go through the year. So I think that's kind of the range where we are on gross margin. And then I think from -- and I think just the puts and goals in gross margin, obviously, from a positive, we've been lapping the fire and the strike. We do expect bottlenecks and shortages to moderate as we go through the year. We are starting to see that in -- as well. So that, I think, would be a positive tailwind from a gross margin standpoint.  I think from an input cost standpoint, we expect mid-teens inflation, and that's what our guidance incorporates. So it's still elevated. It's moderated from what we saw in 2022, but still elevated. And I think we continue to see input cost inflation in oils, in corn, in wheat, rice, potatoes. So that's been built in. And I think from a phasing standpoint, we'd expect gradual improvement in the year-on-year change of gross profit margin as the year progresses.  And then I think to your question on SG&A -- now I think on your question on SG&A, I think we'd expect an increase in overheads broadly in line with inflation, I think as normal activity continues to restore. And then from a brand building standpoint, we'd expect an increase as we -- as supply is restored full year of brand building through the year.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think certainly, from a gross margin standpoint, as I mentioned, right, we'd be lapping the fire and strike in quarter one. But I think on the brand building in particular, right, if you recall, last year in quarter one and quarter two, we had pulled back as we were emerging from the strike. So you're going to have that negative lap in quarter one and into quarter two as well. So it's kind of -- those are the puts and goals from an operating profit phasing standpoint.
Amit Banati: No, I think just building on the phasing comment, I think we'd be expecting to catch up on the pricing at an increasing rate through the first half. And then I think in the second half, the combination of the pricing having been caught up as well as easier comp and, hopefully, moderating inflation, I think, would lead to a higher growth, OP growth in the -- operating profit growth in the second half.
Amit Banati: And I think in terms of the onetime costs and the phasing through the year, I mean, we're right in the middle of the program. And so I think you could expect it to be spent through the year. So there's nothing particular to call out in that.
