Steven A. Cahillane: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. We're obviously pleased to report such a strong start to 2018, with growth in net sales, operating profit, earnings per share and cash flow. There are three elements I'd like to emphasize. First, returning to top line growth is a priority for us, and it's gratifying to see so much of our portfolio showing improvement. Our on-trend Frozen Foods business has accelerated its strong growth. In U.S. Snacks, behind the noise of DSD exit impacts, our core brands are gaining share again. And our overall business is increasing its velocities on shelf. And Pringles is growing strongly worldwide. We stabilized our core international developed cereal markets and even showed some improvement. And we've built scale in snacking presence in emerging markets and it's paying off with (2:59) accelerated growth in those markets. Second, we're on track to achieve our full-year guidance. We got off to a strong start in every metric. Our net sales grew ahead of our expected full-year pace. We also improved our operating profit margin. Our productivity initiatives are allowing us both to cover increased cost pressures and deliver on our promise to reinvest behind our brands. Brand building was increased at a strong double-digit rate in Q1 and will be again in Q2, and it's investment behind better consumer ideas. We're truly Deploying for Growth. And third, we continue to make exciting progress on reshaping our portfolio. Parati, the company we acquired in Brazil at the end of 2016, sustained its strong growth in Q1, and it's enabling us to pursue additional revenue and cost synergies in Brazil and South America. RXBAR, acquired in late 2017, also sustained its exceptional growth in Q1, expanding its distribution and now expanding its product line as well. And in West Africa, we are announcing today increased investments that allow us to further capitalize on an enormous growth opportunity and even enable these operations' rapid growth to flow through our financial statements. This will give you better visibility on our expansion in this key emerging market. In fact, it will bring our annual sales in emerging markets from being less than 15% of our company's sales to something closer to 20%. This is yet another example of us Deploying for Growth. We know we still have work to do. For instance, in U.S. Morning Foods and in Kashi snacks, we're busy getting back to basics and investing in what we know can grow. These softer businesses were already incorporated into our guidance, and we have plans to stabilize them as the year progresses. As we go through our results today and our outlook, I hope you'll see why we are so confident that we are on the right track as a company. So let me now turn it over to Fareed, who will walk you through our financials.
Steven A. Cahillane: Yeah, thanks for the question, David. I think we're pleased, obviously, very pleased with the top-line start to the year in Q1, but we're taking a prudent view because it is just one quarter behind us. I'm seven months into the role right now, so we think it's just smart to be prudent, but having said that, we are pleased. We're seeing good growth, as I mentioned, in Pringles, in Eggo, in MorningStar Farms, in RX, and Bear Naked. Those are all in North America, which in the past has been a bit challenging. Then we've got the emerging markets, Asia really firing on all cylinders, Mexico, Brazil and now West Africa. So making very good progress across our top line, which gives us very good confidence that we'll deliver the year, but we just think, at this stage, it's smart to be prudent. And we will reinvest. We will lean in where we see opportunities. We've given ourselves some flexibility to do that.
Steven A. Cahillane: Yeah, thanks, David, for the question. I'll start again and Fareed can add, as he sees fit. First, I guess from a very top-line perspective, we're not going to give any great detail about where we're deploying our investments, for competitive reasons. We always had plans, which we articulated, to put more brand building against snacks in the U.S., post-DSD as we move from a push environment to a pull environment. So you see quite a lot of the investment going there. We had a fantastic first quarter promotion in Pringles and Cheez-It leveraged around the Super Bowl, which saw very good momentum. In emerging markets, we see good opportunities to continue to invest as we think forward-looking, but it's fairly broad-based with the biggest chunk, I would say, coming in U.S. Snacks as we continue to successfully transition out of a DSD environment into a pull environment.
Steven A. Cahillane: Yeah, thanks for the question, David. A couple things, first, in terms of health and wellness, we are seeing actually good progress against Special K. And that's in all the markets including United States, so we don't think that that's an inappropriate area for us to focus in. Having said that, we've got a wide portfolio with lots of choice, including kind of kid-oriented brands that you mentioned, as well as health and wellness brands, and we see opportunities across the breadth of our portfolio. And clearly, we've got strong brands in all those categories. In the kid categories, obviously, Frosted Flakes and Froot Loops play very well. We think there are opportunities for new innovations and new ideas there. We've got Chocolate Frosted Flakes, which is doing very well in the market. We've got a new Froot Loops innovation coming. So I would posit that it's well balanced across our portfolio, because the investments we've made to turn Special K have been pleasing to us. And in terms of wellness overall, and you mentioned bars, RXBAR plays in this space and is really growing at a torrid pace. They're doing such a great job at RX, and we're incredibly proud of the work that they're doing. It's really focused. It's very innovative. It's very brand-centric. It really targets the consumer in a meaningful way and is showing great growth for us. So, we've got a broad portfolio across health and wellness and snacking and kids. And we invest where we see the best returns, where we see the best potential. So it's not just in one particular area. And I hope that's helpful.
Steven A. Cahillane: Yeah, thanks for the question, Tim. Capitulation is not a word we like to use around here. Having said that...
Steven A. Cahillane: I'm just kidding. In terms of bagged cereal, it really broadens our consumer base, right? So, we go to where the consumer is. We try and get there in front of the consumer sometimes, but when the consumer goes somewhere, we tend to want to really give the consumer what they're looking for. And there is an element of the consumer that is looking for bagged cereal. We're not the first there, but we've seen – actually, the research that we've done, it tends to be highly incremental. And so, we are going to go into bagged cereal. Having said that, you asked about investment. We don't necessarily invest behind a packaging format. We invest behind our brands and then offer different packaging formats, different solutions to our customers across a broad array of channels and packages. And so, it's just one of the innovations that we're coming out with when the new product launches that we're coming out with this year.
Steven A. Cahillane: I think it starts with a good idea, and they had a good idea around Flavor Stacking, which drove multiple purchases because the whole idea is you stack different Pringles flavors on top of each other to create different food type occasions. And it had good communication in the marketplace. The highest profile was the Super Bowl commercial, but it was a full 360-degree digital social approach to it and really drove good consumption, good share, good velocity. And so, we know if you have a good brand and then you have a good commercial idea and you follow that with excellent execution in the marketplace, which the team did – they drove significant improvement in not only the number of displays on the floor, but the size and the location of those displays. And so, it was all of those things. And it's much like all of our portfolio in the branded business, when you have good innovation, good ideas, strong commercial execution, really focused on the consumer and the customer to give the customer excellent customer service and execute at retail, good things tend to happen. And Pringles was a good example of the team executing well.
Steven A. Cahillane: No. When we talk brand building, we're not talking about trade. So we're talking about bottom line brand building, period.
Steven A. Cahillane: Yeah, John. Thanks for the question. I'll tell you, MorningStar Farms is a star in our portfolio. We believe that. It's up double-digit in consumption in the first quarter and is really gaining momentum. And the momentum really started last summer, when the team really started to focus on the core attributes of the brand and did some excellent execution around commercial ideas. So we believe actually there's great potential in MorningStar Farms. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the millennial generation really thinks about frozen differently than other generations. It's kind of the new fresh and the new convenient. You couple that then with the whole veggie approach to this, and it's right on-trend. So we believe in the brand. We believe it has great potential. There's innovations that you'll see coming from the MorningStar Farms team. And so we agree with you. We think it's right on-trend, a very good brand. It's being executed well, and it's got a lot of future potential.
Steven A. Cahillane: Robert, thanks for the question. I'll make one comment and then turn it over to Fareed. And the only comment I'd make is as you think about West Africa, what we really have here, what we're really investing in, is a total business system, right? The Multipro investment, which is maybe a 5%, 6% to 7% margin, is a capability that is outstanding and is a route-to-market that is best-in-class in West Africa, which allows our branded businesses and the JVs that manufacture our branded businesses, get to market in a way that is truly advantaged. So it's a total system that we have here, not just the one investment in Multipro.
Steven A. Cahillane: Yeah, thanks for the question, Ken. I am bullish on our Frozen business, proud of what the team has done there, and I don't think we're disadvantaged in scale in any way because both brands are growing at double digits. So we like the scale. It's not to say that we wouldn't think about opportunities to scale up, but right now, we've got plans in place to really grow these businesses in meaningful ways that contribute to the top line and bottom line of the company. So we're proud of what the team's done and think it's in very good shape right now.
Steven A. Cahillane: Yeah, right now, we've got good leverage with our businesses growing double digits. Our factory's pretty full. The question of scale oftentimes is what type of capacity utilization you have in your various plants. And right now, this business is operating pretty well.
Fareed A. Khan: Yeah, the only thing I'd add is that on the cost pressures, where we're seeing it most acutely is on freight, like many other companies, and a combination of specific productivity initiatives that we have in place, as part of Project K, as part of our ongoing productivity efforts, that's offsetting it. And the volume flowing through our plants really does create some leverage as well, so you put all that together, that generated flat gross profit in Q1. And we expect that type of performance to continue for the full year because we do have visibility on those initiatives.
Fareed A. Khan: And what I'd add is just a reminder, last year, as we were going through the DSD transition, we pulled back a little bit around the first half as we went through the DSD transition, just to basically keep the outlook fairly stable on the businesses. So there's going to be year-on-year acceleration that's pretty significant in the first half. The full year will be up. And the only thing other I'll add is we continue to make great progress on looking at ROIs on our brand building investments. And so, these are pretty precise bets around very specific brands and channels and media, and we're seeing good response. And we'll continue to take a targeted approach. But so far, we like what we see and we can make those kind of investments and watch the returns, very short cycle times.
Fareed A. Khan: Yeah, so it's Fareed. That spend is very much brand-specific. I would say if you ex the DSD, there's really no material increase. So the main change was DSD for trade.
Fareed A. Khan: There is a lot going on. The most significant impact is going to be the whole shift out of the DSD system which flowed through overhead, and some of that gets offset by increase in COGS as it goes through the network. But net-net, significant savings dropped to the bottom line, and that's even with the increased investments in brand building. And we talked about the Snacks operating profit going up to the average of our North America business, which is a pretty significant lift, and we are right on track to accomplish that. So the DSD savings are flowing through as we had expected, and you'll see that business continue to perform very strongly on operating profit this year.
Fareed A. Khan: So our goal is to remain strongly investment grade, and so that's sort of a foundational element of our strategy. We will flex up for attractive acquisitions. I would say everything we're doing has been thought through and planned in Nigeria. Investments were very much a natural extension, and then with the option window coming into sight, we were really planning for that. So, yes, our leverage will go up a little bit, but we'll continue to focus on bringing that down, finding the right balance between dividend, debt reduction, and return of capital in various forms.
Fareed A. Khan: Alexia, I'm not sure I'm completely following that. So mark-to-market is not in our adjusted numbers. So maybe we could follow-up and just so I can understand the question a little bit better as a follow-up.
Fareed A. Khan: Yes, it would be, right. And so, as part of our thinking around pension, we are contemplating a de-risk of the pension plan to shifting our asset mix a little bit and, therefore, bringing down our assumptions about the return on our assets just to be more prudent. And so coupled with the contribution to the pension, which, again, that's deductible at the pre tax reform rate, so it's a nice soft of financial outcome. So we end up with a contribution that's accelerated to our pension plans. It puts the funding status in a very nice spot. And recall, that the largest portions of our plans are already frozen, and then sort of shifting the portfolio allocation to de-risk that a little bit as well. We've had nice returns on that portfolio with our current allocation, but as we look at the market, this feels like the prudent thing to do. So hopefully that gets at the question.
Fareed A. Khan: Yeah, and what I'd add is it's a distribution business but they bring a tremendous amount of value-added services as well, so don't just think a logistics company. It's a really unique asset in that market. And so there's a lot of promotion and trial. They bring a lot of services because the retail environment is extraordinarily fragmented and local. So you have Multipro that brings a lot of services and so their operating profit margins look a lot more attractive than you might consider, say, a developed market distribution business. And I think that's sort of mid to low singles. And that's including the investments that they're making as they grow the business. The other joint ventures that we have, whether it's cereal or with Dufil, those tend to have very attractive margins and they look very similar to what you might see in a development market from an OP delivery standpoint. And again, this is a bet on Africa and the growth that's there. Going with distribution first really allows you to time the subsequent investments in a much more precise way and a risk-adjusted way. And again, we're looking at the businesses sort of together and the big opportunity here is to tap the market potential. You'd also mentioned, just on the second part of the question, about the balance of the year and how we sort of compare that to priors. What I'll say is that in Q2 of last year in the Snacks business as part of the DSD transition, that was the quarter where we began to see the pipeline fill. So recall, that we had two distribution businesses, one that we were operating to serve customers and the other one that we were putting inventory in to be ready for the transition. So in Q2, we actually had pipeline fill. We also had the beginnings of the SKU rationalizations and the risk price adjustments but if you put that all together, the Q2 DSD headwind, if you will, on sales was not as significant as in the latter quarter. So that makes Q2 a tougher comp for our Snacks business, and that sort of factors into some of the guidance that we gave you, where we don't see Q2 top-line growth as strongly because of that prior-year impact. And in terms of delev (58:28) basically, most of the dust has settled on the DSD transition, and I think for the Snacks business, we're in pretty good shape going forward.
Christopher R. Growe: Hi. I just had a question for you. In relation to – when you're talking about brand building, I'm just curious to what degree that includes promotional spending. And just trying to understand, I realize what's going on in the DSD system, but we saw it up in Europe, for example. Is that an element of your incremental spending in the quarter? And I guess it sounds like you're seeing some pretty good results, certainly on the volume side, so I'm curious about that as well.
Christopher R. Growe: Okay. So trade spending was up as well, even beyond what happened in DSD. Was that planned? Is that expected to continue through the year? I'm just curious about that level of spending.
Christopher R. Growe: Okay. And just a quick question, the profit margin in U.S. Snacks was well above our estimate. Is there a shift in expenses there helping that? And is there anything to the level of spending in the quarter that may have caused that margin to be higher? I'm just trying to get a sense of how that phases through the year.
Christopher R. Growe: The profit margin on U.S. Snacks, it looks like it was quite strong. Is there a shift in expenses that helped that? I'm just trying to get a sense of how that phases through the year, based on your investments behind that business as well, and there's a lot going on with the DSD system there.
