John A. Bryant: Thank you, Simon. The fourth quarter was a strong finish to a difficult year. We delivered continued strong top line growth in the quarter and the full year. In fact, fourth quarter growth was 6% and we ended the year with full year growth of 4.5%, above our long-term targets and in line with guidance. And the growth was broad-based across most geographies and categories. In addition, our categories continue to perform well and we gained share in many of them around the world. However, the results below net sales, while in line with recent guidance, were below our initial expectations and our long-term targets. As you all know, we increased the scope of our existing supply chain investment in the third quarter. This had a significant impact on the fourth quarter and full year results as expected. In addition, increased investment and reinstated incentive compensation costs also had an impact on full year results.  We view 2011 and 2012 as transition years, given investment in our supply chain and incremental support of our brands in 2012. While we don't want to be in the position of lowering guidance, we recognized during the year that we had issues in our supply chain that needed to be addressed and we know that addressing those issues as quickly as we can is the right thing to do. We look forward to 2012 and beyond with optimism as we continue this investment, make significant additional investments in future growth and focus on the long-term drivers of our sustainable growth operating principle.  Now let's turn to Slide 4, which details these drivers. Our sustainable growth operating principle, the actions we took in 2011 and the things we are doing in 2012 are all designed to get us back on the path to sustainable growth. This is a familiar slide to many, but not all of you. As you can see, on an ongoing basis, we constantly focus on the consumer and the strength of our brands. And as we said on the third quarter conference call, we expect an increase in the investment we will make in brand building in 2012 and we expect significant sales from innovation during the year. That's on top of posting approximately $800 million in incremental sales from innovation in 2011. In addition, we have a disciplined approach to overhead and have done a good job with this over the years, and 2012 will be no exception. Innovation, building on a foundation of consistent brand building will help improve price and mix, which has an impact on sales and should increase gross profit dollars, and in a year of normalized inflation, should also increase gross profit margin. While gross margin in 2012 is likely to be down slightly because of our expectations for another year of unusually high inflation, we believe that this sustainable growth model is the right way to run our business over the long term and we recognize that we have to invest this year to help next year and beyond.  And now I'll turn it over to Ron for a review of our financial performance.
John A. Bryant: Scott, firstly on the measured data, we are seeing a larger gap between measured data and our assessment of how some of the categories are performing. I'll give you one example, U.S. cereal. The measured data would suggest something like 1% to 2% category growth in the fourth quarter and we saw more, like 2% to 3%. So I think you need to add roughly 2 points of growth to the measured data to get to the non-measured or total category performance. So I would suggest some channel shifting going on within the environment. Secondly, on acquisition strategy, we continue to look at acquisitions around the world, bolt-on acquisitions. They can be in the area of healthier brands like BearNaked or they can be in the area of snacks. They can be international. So we continue to look and it's something that we are always focused on.
John A. Bryant: In the past, when we've done small acquisitions, this tended to be a small increase in our debt. I think if we did a larger acquisitions, that might look at that share buyback piece. But in general, it's really just an addition to our cash returns.
John A. Bryant: Ed, I think the cereal category is always an intensely competitive category. I think it's a good long-term category, it's on trend from the health and wellness nutrition perspective, aging population, out-of-breakfast snacking and so on. But this really is a sort of low single-digit growth type category. And we're expecting that sort of performance in 2012 as well. I think it's also worth pointing out that we have been moving some of our promoted price points in the category. So in the fourth quarter, we increased our promoted price points on our medium-sized kid brands from $1.99 to $2.49; and on Special K and Rice Krispies Treats -- Rice Krispies, from $2.49 to $2.99. And as we've done that, we've seen some volume loss as consumers get used to the new price points and I expect that to continue probably into the first quarter. So I think that's more where we're seeing just some of the impact of the pricing go through the category and consumers get used to the new price points.
John A. Bryant: If I could just jump in on that. I think it's important on the supply chain just to step back here a bit. We have completed our evaluation across our network of things that we need to do, we're making the right decisions here to build the foundation for the long term. In 2011, a portion of that $100 million was additional people in the plants, and additional depreciation from step up in capital, as well as some onetime-type costs as we did some changes in our network. In 2012, we now have a full year of those people costs. We have another step up in depreciation from the additional capital and we have a smaller amount of onetime costs, if you like, or unusual cost. As we go forward, we see that $100 million as a step up in our cost structure. So we don't expect that to come back out again. However, of course, we're always looking to be more efficient in our supply chain. If we can find a way to decrease those costs over time, we will. But we're confident also these investments will generate a return for us long term because these people in our plants will help us identify additional different productivity savings in the future.
John A. Bryant: Chris, Europe is our most difficult region as a company. Really it breaks down into 3 different businesses. First, Russia and Russia grew high-single digits in 2011. I think we're building a stronger business there over time, it's continuing to transition from an bulk or non-branded business to a branded business. And some of that happened in the fourth quarter. In fact, you saw some volume decline in Europe in the fourth quarter. About half of that volume decline was actually some non-branded business that we were walking away from in Russia. On the continent, we saw improvement in the continent as we went through the year but then as we got into the back part of the year, the continent started to go a little soft as well. So we're seeing some growth in France and Italy but the remainder is mixed and I think the difficult economic environment and the state of the euro zone is weighing on our business in the continent. In the U.K., we have better plans in place for 2012. We have a new General Manager who started January 1. We actually managed to hold share in cereal in the fourth quarter but it is going to be a difficult environment with a tough retail environment, a very competitive environment and a consumer under pressure. As we look at Europe and 2012, we are hoping to see slight top line growth in Europe and hopefully, we can hold operating profits stable year-on-year but there may even be a slight decline in operating profits, just recognizing the difficulty of the environment.
John A. Bryant: We did increase a little bit of spend and promotional activity in the fourth quarter to help stabilize the share. What is interesting is in some of these markets in Europe, our share of voice actually jumped to 75% to 80% as some of our competitors have pulled back dramatically on brand building and put their spend more into allowances. That's not the game that we like to play. Obviously, we have to keep watching our plans in Europe and we'll have to take the appropriate actions as we go through the year.
John A. Bryant: We feel good about the inventories. They're at a very similar level from a trade inventory perspective as last year. And so, it's a pretty good position.
John A. Bryant: Well, we're tracking along right in line with our expectations on the supply chain. We're executing against a plan that we developed in the back part of last year. I wouldn't say there's been any major surprises one way or the other and that plan includes adding people back into some of the facilities, additional capital and depreciation related to that and some movement of product around the plants to do some things we want to do in these plants. So no real changes there.
John A. Bryant: Well, maybe I'll go to the weighting of investment over the course of the year. I think we'd expect that investment to be relatively consistent or even over the course of the year versus it being somewhat back end weighted in 2011.
John A. Bryant: Tim, I agree with you that if you go back to '98, '99, it is similar to that timeframe right now for the Kellogg Company. I think we are back on our sustainable -- trying to get back on our sustainable growth model. I think if you look in 2011, we had strong underlying sales growth. And if you try to get to the true earnings power of the company, I believe it's stronger than it appears on the surface. So if you adjust 2011 for the incentive compensation, you've got 5 points of headwind. You adjust for the supply chain, changes that we made about another 5 points of headwind and then you adjust, say, for lapping the recall last year. You try to pull all that together, I think you'll see the core earnings power of the company is at mid-single-digit operating profit growth. And I think as we go forward here, we'll continue to play the mix game element of the sustainable growth model. So it's not about just a focus on volume, it's about driving the top line and up-weighting the consumer or driving the consumer to higher value-added products, which we are seeing with launch of Crunchy Nut, FiberPlus and Krave in the first quarter of this year. So I think we are on that path. In terms of volume itself, I believe that volume growth is being held back by the level of pricing that's being required to take to offset inflation. Unfortunately, I think we need to take that level of pricing. We need to protect the economics of the business first and foremost so we can invest back in brand building and drive the business the right way. Hopefully, we get a period here of more normalized inflation. We probably then have less pricing and have a better balance of volume, price and mix to drive the top line. On the regional volume cost [ph], I don't want to give guidance at a regional level. I think it's fair to say that volume is likely to be under pressure in Europe in 2012.
John A. Bryant: Eric, I think if you look at the SG&A absolute dollar spend year-on-year, it didn't change very much. But the sales line comes through the top and just rolls through the P&L. So our economics are very top-line sensitive. We can drive the top line, we get very good operating leverage and expansion.
John A. Bryant: Eric, I think we're always looking at acquisitions. And I think we've had a reasonably good track record over the years of acquisitions. So I'm not trying to signal anything here to you. I'm just saying that it's always something that we're constantly reviewing and looking at in the marketplace.
John A. Bryant: We are seeing growth, Alexia, in channels like Dollar and club. And I think it is a consumer looking for value, whether it's an absolute price point in Dollar or price per pound in club. I don't think it's impacting our go-to-market strategy. We try to keep our margins relatively stable across the channels if you look at the total cost to serve of that channel. And we have very good execution capabilities in those channels already.
John A. Bryant: And to put that volume into context, 2011, our volume was essentially flat. In fact, if you back out some of the abnormal items such as China, volume lossage is a business that we have subsequently sold and some volume loss in Russia as we move away from non-branded business in that market, our volume as a company, actually, will be up slightly.
John A. Bryant: And I think as our position on brand building is looking to increase in 2012, and we think that's a part of getting us back on our sustainable growth model, and that, in time, should help us drive a bit of balance between volume, price and mix.
John A. Bryant: Well, I think that if the category's doing reasonably well in a difficult environment. In the fourth quarter, we think the category was up something like 2% to 3%; full year, up 1% to 2%. When you take into account all of the channels, not just the measured channels, which unfortunately lack some of the growth that we're seeing elsewhere in the category. And we've taken a number of price increases in U.S. cereal and our base sales are actually hanging together reasonably well. I think when you move your promoted price points, you're going to have a little bit more of an impact in the short term as the consumers get used to that. And I think that's what we're seeing in the case of our business in the fourth quarter, probably into the first quarter of this year. So I think if you step back from the category, it is a good category. It is driven by innovation and by brand building. I believe that the category growth is determined by the combination of what all the manufacturers do. We're driving innovation hard. We're driving brand building. I think some other players are talking about doing similar things and I expect that in combination to grow in the category. I don't see it as a 0-sum gain.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Ken, it's Ron. Really the primary driver of the decline in SG&A margin is the strong sales growth that we had in the quarter. We did say that our brand building timed a bit differently over the course of 2012 versus 2011. Quite frankly, that was relatively small in the fourth quarter. We were down around $10 million on brand building, 30 basis points of that SG&A margin impact. So really, it's a function of a strong sales growth, Ken.
Ronald L. Dissinger: There isn't, Ken. I mean, it's really the strong sales growth. There are no other unusual or unique items. You mentioned the China impairment but frankly, our overhead's relatively consistent year-over-year.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Our uses of cash, Scott, are very consistent with what we've done in the past. Certainly, we recognize the importance of our dividend. I talked about the share repurchase program and repurchasing approximately $650 million of shares in 2012. So basically the remainder of our program. And then we'll look at complementary acquisitions. So it's really a combination of those 3.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, Andrew, this is Ron. In terms of our cost inflation, we said is around 7% and cost saving's around 3%. So think of it at approximately a net 4% of inflation. We talked about top line being up 4% to 5% in the combination of price and mix. And it's probably somewhere in the neighborhood of 75% price, 25% mix. So when you rattle all of that through, our gross profit dollars are growing slightly lower than our sales growth, which is driving the margin down. In terms of the supply chain investments, Andrew, as we've said, very consistent levels of spending in 2012 as we had in 2011.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes. In terms of our SG&A being up in the front part of the year, remember, we discussed the timing of brand building. In 2010, our brand building was a little bit soft in the front half and in 2011, our brand building was up in the front half versus 2010. So that's certainly a factor. You talked a little bit about the incentive compensation. That was spread more over the back end of the year. So really, it's a function of those 2 items and then just general overhead inflation, very consistent with our expectations of growing our overhead at half the rate of sales growth.
Ronald L. Dissinger: We still are very disciplined on overhead and recall our operating principle on overhead growth is to grow it at half the rate of sales growth. So you'd see kind of that level of growth flowing through our overhead and then we said we were making a meaningful step up in brand building.
Ronald L. Dissinger: There wouldn't be a lot of asset write-down necessarily within that $100 million. We do have some money tied up in upfront costs, David, but the $100 million is a combination of ongoing and a small amount of onetime costs and then depreciation related to the step up in capital spending.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Eric, in terms of the performance in North America and really the company as a whole, the fourth quarter results were primarily a function of that strong sales growth and really good price realization in that quarter as well.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes. Eric, this is Ron. Certainly, our running volumes through our manufacturing plant has an impact on operating leverage but we try to manage that cost structure effectively even when volumes are down. So I'd rather not quantify the impact of volume absorption across our business.
Ronald L. Dissinger: I think it's reasonable to expect volume again to be under pressure, flattish, maybe down slightly in 2012, reflecting the level of pricing we've had to take. And obviously, we've put that thinking into our cost structure as we run our plants. But we're not talking about dramatic volume declines here.
Ronald L. Dissinger: As you know, our business response to innovation and brand building and we are increasing our brand building and our advertising meaningfully in 2012. Certainly, we expect that to have an impact on volume but with the level of price that we're putting into the marketplace. We think our volume, as John says, is more likely to be flat to slightly down.
