John A. Bryant: So Matthew, as you think about how economics work, we're not relying upon Project K to drive bottom line results. We've said before we're reinvesting Project K back into the business and that's our primary objective, as we drive the business back to sustainable long-term growth. So we've got to get this business back into growth. If we can achieve 1%, 2% growth, 3% on the top line, and we can offset inflation with underlying productivity programs, that gives us gross margin expansion because of the leverage we get through our manufacturing facilities. We can have modest investment back into our organization and into our brand building programs and still deliver mid single-digit operating profit growth. So the way our economics work is we are quite a leveraged P&L. Small amounts of top line growth can lead to mid-single digit operating profit growth, irrespective of Project K. In terms of our views long-term on the business and the category growths, we continue to believe that Europe and North America can grow low single digits and Asia-Pacific and Latin America can grow mid-single digit and even mid to high single digit in the case of Latin America. And we'll talk more about this at CAGNY next week. As I think about our developed cereal businesses, we believe we can return our developed cereal business back to growth. However, we think being pragmatic, that growth is pretty much at the low end of the low single-digit kind of range, where those categories have historically outperformed over the last 5, 10 years. Again, we'll show you some of that information at CAGNY next week. So the key reason for us changing our guidance was to really remind investors that even though our average growth over last 10 years has been about 3.5% on the top line, we really only need low single-digit growth to make the mid-single-digit operating profit algorithm work, and then we generated a lot of extra cash that enables us to buy back shares and get to the high-single-digit EPS and pay a good dividend, which can even get us to double-digit tiers, all else being equal. So that low single digit is obviously is our goal internally. It's important to have those realistic goals. We will aspire to do better, but we believe we can absolutely achieve the low single-digit growth over time.
John A. Bryant: Matthew, again, we don't need to get a lot of top line growth, but we do need to get top line growth to make the economics of the business work. It's very hard to save your way to prosperity. I think ultimately, we have to grow our way there. We don't need a lot of growth, but just even low single-digit growth makes a lot of difference to how our economics work. And that's why we're absolutely focused on investing the money back into the business to ensure we get sustainable, long-term, low single-digit top line growth.
John A. Bryant: Jon, I think Project K is instrumental in helping us return to growth. There are parts in an organization that have to be absolutely focused on productivity and efficiency. So we have our supply chain, we have our global business services organization, they are designed to ensure that we are being as efficient and effective as possible. We have other parts of our organization, sales and marketing, where we still want them to be efficient obviously, but it's much more about driving the top line. And in fact, if you look at what we've done with the Project K savings in 2015, we've invested it back into the capabilities that, over time, will enable us to grow our top line. So we've invested back into our global category teams. We've invested back into rebuilding the Kashi team. We've invested back into our sales force in snacks and the Morning Foods in the U.S. Those investments do not provide an immediate return. Those investments provide returns over time because you have to invest in the people, then they start to generate the ideas. They start to bring these ideas to market. So these are not short-term payback reinvestments. But I can assure you that we have the conversation internally. We have our organization focused on returning to long-term growth. We have some parts of our organization absolutely focused on being more effective and efficient. It's about doing both well.
John A. Bryant: So Andrew, we are committed to -- I'm sure we have a very cost competitive manufacturing network around the world. We've made some strong progress in markets like Australia and the U.K. where we worked with our unions to ensure we have a more competitive labor situation and we've closed in excess capacity. In the U.S., we've closed in excess capacity. We're still working with our unions to ensure that we have a cost competitive position as well.
John A. Bryant: It's more where we are in the process. I mean, we are absolutely committed in the U.S. to having a competitive cost structure. We're not quite there yet. There's a couple of different parts we can go down to get there. But we're committed to working with our employees to try to get there.
John A. Bryant: We are focused on returning our business to growth over time. Our soup business has been weak largely in 4 developed markets. One of those markets, Canada, is always [ph] seeing significantly better trends and the category has been more flat here recently. The U.S. is starting early days here in 2015, but seeing some better trends in the early part of '15. And I think we still have some challenges in markets like the U.K. and Australia. So we are seeing improvement from where we were. And we have confidence that we can get these businesses back to growth, not high growth, but back to modest -- at the low end of a low single-digit range type growth. In terms of acquisitions, you've seen us do the acquisition in Egypt of BiscoMisr to relatively modest sized business, less than $100 million of sales. But it's the leading biscuit business in Egypt and is a great example of the intersection of emerging markets and snacks in an area where we're very interested in continuing to build that business over time. But I wouldn't say we're looking at transformational type acquisitions in terms of really major, major category evolution type acquisitions that fundamentally changes the shape of the company. However, we continue to be very focused in growing our breakfast business and growing our snacks business around the world.
John A. Bryant: Thank you. I think that Special K, there's 2 issues there. One is how we've been talking about the brand and the second is the delivery of some of the foods. So in terms of how we've been talking about the brand, we got ourselves into a 2-week challenge, starting to get close to dieting the -- basically asking people to deprive themselves where they have less calories. And really, people want to have weight wellness. They want to be eating great food because it's good for them. And we actually have foods that deliver upon that promise. And those foods will continue to be in the market and unchanged. And we have other foods that we've renovated to be more in line with what consumers are looking for. So for example, we have renovated the Special K bar line here in early 2015 and we're seeing some initial good results. So what gives me some confidence that we can move the food to be more on trend? One would be our experience in Australia, where we launched the Special K Nourish cereal in 2014, that actually now has the Special K business back to growth in Australia, although Special K is a smaller brand for us in that market than it is in many other markets. So we've demonstrated that changing the foods -- so to your point, it's simpler food, it's clearly less refined, if you like. And that's what I think consumers are looking for as well as satiating, so it can be a bit more of a complicated eat and maybe some protein in there as well. And we have an opportunity to both change the communication in Special K. So it's more about weight wellness as well as changing the foods that's more aligned with consumer trends. Early days in the U.S., but even here at the very beginning of 2015 we're seeing meaningfully better results from the Special K wholesome snacks bars and Special K Cracker Chips and even from some of our cereal programs.
John A. Bryant: Well, and Robert, I don't think we're trying to move Special K away from helping people look great and feel good about themselves and have a wonderful start to the day. That's very much where we are. I think we just -- in the spectrum of weight management moving from more dieting to weight wellness to -- rather than holding back on calories to having great food that really makes you feel good about yourself and it gets you off to a great start to the day. So I would say it's more of a sort of repositioning is the right word, relaunch of the brand perhaps with new food, new packaging and new communication. And I'm not sure what stores you've been in or when you're in the stores looking at the packaging, but we have changed a lot of the packaging, particularly on the snacks side here in early 2015. But this is not a radical shift of the brand. This is just improving the positioning of the brand so it's more on trend with what consumers are currently looking for.
John A. Bryant: I hesitate because the programs have only been in there for the beginning of '15. We were down significantly in Special K last year, and Special K sales are flat here in the first 4-week period, but it's only a 4-week period. So I don't want to draw too much from that.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Alexia. Hard discounts are certainly putting the U.K. retail trade environment under significant pressure. We've seen some of those U.K. retailers react to hard discounts with significant price rollbacks. And we'll see how that plays out. I think it's too early to conclude how that's going to impact the market. We are struggling a little bit in that environment and we have pragmatic expectations for the U.K. business, given the environment the U.K. is going through. Having said that, we continue to see good growth from Pringles in the U.K. business. And we have an opportunity, I think, to do better in our cereal and our cereal snacks business. So we are looking to see improvements in the trends in the U.K. But I think it remains a difficult market for us, given, as you say, that unusual retailer backdrop.
John A. Bryant: So I think, Eric, in general, we would expect, in developed markets, for our snacks business to grow faster than our cereal business. I think in developing and emerging markets, they can both grow at very similar sorts of rates. I would also agree with you that very disappointing result in 2014 was in our U.S. Snacks business. I think if you get beyond U.S. Snacks and you look at snacks also around the world, we've actually seen very strong growth in our international snacks business. So I think our weakness in snacks is more focused in the U.S. and quite frankly, in the U.S., where that weakness occurs more around the Special K brand, in Special K Cracker Chips and in Special K bars and wholesome snacks.
John A. Bryant: Eric, we have a very strong team, very strong business up in Canada. When we did the parent brand activity earlier in 2014, the cereal and milk program, we got tremendous response from Canadian retailers and from Canadian milk providers. And that program really made a meaningful difference in Canada, whereas it did not have the impact we were hoping it to have in markets like the U.S. Since then the Canadian business has been performing better, sort of more low single digits in the first part of the year, it's been more flat in the back part of the year from a cereal category perspective and our share has been relatively stable within that category. The Kashi brand is growing in Canada. So there's one difference between the 2 markets right there. But I think the experience in Canada does give us reinforced belief that we can return these businesses back to growth. Of course, Canada remains a very difficult market. It's got a difficult retail environment. So we're very pragmatic on expectations in that market, but it's good to see the consumer respond to the programs.
John A. Bryant: Well, I think Jason, as you know, we have a pay-for-performance orientation. And unfortunately, our performance in 2014 was not what we had hoped it to be. And so we've paid out below the target rates in 2014. In 2015, those incentive compensations just go back to the target. This is an incentive compensation program for the entire company. We have literally thousands of people within this incentive compensation program. So it is just a reflection of really underperformance in 2014 and going back to target in '15.
Ronald L. Dissinger: We are in this outlook, Eric. Remember, the valuation and translation of our sales and profits are based on facts and circumstances. We know and I'm sure you saw the government of Venezuela came out with a communication around exchange rates. The official rate remains, our business remains a priority business or priority industry. Remember, we produce locally and most of the inputs that go into our food is brought in locally as well. For those inputs to come from outside of the country, we are getting access to dollars at the official rate as well. We will obviously provide disclosures within our 10-K and have in our past 10-Qs in terms of the impact. If we were to move from the official rate to a SICAD 1, which, remember, is about VEF 12 to the U.S. dollar, our latest outlook is that, that could be approximately $0.18 of earnings per share impact. That includes both the onetime write-down of the net assets as well as a translational impact if, for example, that change were to occur here in the first quarter. I believe the SICAD 2 rate goes away, based on what the government recently communicated. I'm not sure where the secondary rate will go that they have communicated. It looks like it could be around VEF 120 to the U.S. dollar. If that were the case and if we were to value to that level, it would be about twice the impact of moving to SICAD 1.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Look, we're valuing the business according to the right accounting, based on our facts and circumstances, Jason. I can't comment on other companies' facts and circumstances and why they may have moved off of the official rate. But for us, as I said, we're still a priority industry, and we're getting access to dollars at that official rate. So we're valuing appropriately.
Ronald L. Dissinger: The foreign exchange impact is around 3 to 4 points, David, at the top line. And frankly, as you cascade down the profit and loss statement, it's very comparable at operating profit earnings per share as well.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Well, David, maybe I'll walk you through the guidance, just to give you an understanding. So our guidance is realistic and it does reflect improving trends, including investments that are going back into our business around innovation, investments into our food as well and investments into our commercial programs, for example, into brand building. Of our sales, it is estimated to be approximately flat. I said we expected also slight net deflation in cost of goods sold, which should give us a slight improvement in gross margin. Keep in mind, we are seeing inflation within cost of goods sold. Our commodities, as I commented, are relatively neutral to down slightly. We are seeing increases in our factory costs and wages and in benefits and in higher logistics cost as well. Not so much around fuel. We can see that fuel is declining. This is more around carrier rates and the supply and demand impact on carriers. We also have a little bit of transactional FX exposure that sits in cost of goods sold as well. And then as I said, our operating profit is down 2% to 4%, but that includes a 3- to 4-point headwind associated with the incentive compensation. We are investing in brand building. We are also investing, as we've discussed before, in sales capability and other overhead to drive the growth of our business impact to sustainable growth.
