Steven Cahillane: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone, I'd like to start off by saying that after four months into the job my confidence in this company and my excitement to be here have only increased. In fact, having been around the world discussing our strategy and plans I'm even more convinced that we will return to solid sustainable growth. The brands are strong, the foods are unique, the culture is special. What we have to do is prioritize, invest where the growth is and improve our execution, but our Q4 performance gives a very good indication of exactly what I'm talking about. We finished the year on sound financial footing. Not only did we deliver on our guidance for all key financial metrics but our second half net sales performance was vastly improved from the first half. Pringles got back on track globally, our Frozen Foods brand in the U.S. accelerated their growth, U.S. Specialty channels sustained its growth, our emerging markets business improve their growth and we stabilized our core develop international cereal markets. We also delivered strong profit margin expansion indicating a reduction of cost structure that keeps us on track for our targeted margin expansion from 2015 to 2018. We reduced core working capital as a percent of sales, improved our cash conversion and increasing our cash flow. Excuse me. And we continue to return substantial cash to shareowners through a strong dividend and sustained share buybacks. But more importantly, we made big strategic moves in 2017 that will help us in 2018 and beyond. Our transition out of DSD was well-executed and sets us up to invest more behind our brands in order to get back to growth in that business. We continue to expand Pringles across the globe via market expansion, new flavors and new pack formats. We worked on brand positioning, media campaigns and new foods to help stabilize what has been our principal source of sales decline, Special K as well as our overall cereal business in core developed international markets, both showed strong signs of stabilizing in the second half. We know emerging markets are huge opportunity and in 2017, we integrated and anticipated growth in Parati, which tripled our scale in Brazil and provides further growth and cost synergies for us going forward. Through our joint ventures we are rapidly expanding in West Africa and China, where we are building distribution and brand awareness in big emerging markets. And around the world, we have reinvested resources in e-commerce and it paid off with exceptional growth. And we acquired RXBAR, giving us a whole new growth platform. So, 2017 was an important year for us as we were able to deliver dependable results while making progress on key strategic initiatives, many of which were quite challenging. Now let's turn our attention to 2018 and slide number 5. We would characterize 2018 as a transition year and here's why. We are completing the actions behind our ambitious Project K restructuring program while beginning plans on our next productivity opportunities. We strive for balance between profitability, investment and growth and this restructuring gives us the fuel. In U.S. Snacks, we're transitioning to life after DSD. This includes a little more than two quarters worth of impact from the adjusted list price and SKU rationalization but it also entails operating differently and it concludes ramp-up in investments behind our brands. We will be increasing brand building investment in other business units as well. This varies by brand of course and for some it is the quality of ideas that we are improving rather than simply investing more dollars. But this reinvestment is important for building momentum as the year progresses. We will be integrating and growing our latest acquisition, RXBAR. There is so much we can do with this new growth platform. Meanwhile, we will be building on our other relatively recent acquisition, Parati in Brazil, completing the integration and accelerating planned revenue and cost synergies. And our joint ventures in West Africa and China we'll continue to invest behind rapid expansion. Despite being a transition year, we have a plan reflected in our guidance that delivers continued gradual improvement in net sales performance, strong reinvestment in our brands and continued growth in operating profit. From a margin perspective, we will achieve the equivalent of our 18% operating profit margin target, excluding depending accounting changes. We will continue to grow our earnings per share and cash flow with an additional boost from U.S. tax reform even after using some of this benefit to de-risk our balance sheet and pension liability. I think we have a balanced plan for 2018 and I believe our Q4 in 2017 actions and results offer confidence that we can achieve this. So, before I get into the fundamentals of each of our businesses, let me turn it over to Fareed who will walk you through the financials in more detail.
Steven Cahillane: Thank you, Alexia, I appreciate the question. First, I'd start off by saying as with regards to our Morning Foods business, it's an important business for us and one that we believe can return to growth. And we've demonstrated that by growing 3 of the 4 core cereal markets around the world. We stabilized the business in Canada, in U.K., and Australia around the playbook that focuses on nutrition, on brand building and in-store execution. These are the things that I've learned in my four months. Our key drivers to the category, they stabilize the business in those three markets and they can do the same thing in the North American market as well. Having said all that, I'd also remind you though that Morning Foods is not going to be the growth driver for us in the Kellogg Company. We know we can stabilize it, we aim to stabilize it but we look across the world and we see our emerging markets growing the way that they are. Asia Pacific doing incredibly well, the growth of Parati in Brazil and Mexico back to growth, the U.K. and Europe stabilizing and growing in the second half and the incredible growth driver that is Pringles around the world. It sets us up for really solid growth. But Morning Foods is a business that we know we can stabilize once again focusing on nutrition, brand building, in-store execution and the right level of investment. And you'll see that coming out of Q4 where we put additional investment behind all of the businesses that I just spoke about and that will continue to the first half of 2018 where we aim to slowly stabilize the business of Morning Foods.
Steven Cahillane: Yeah. Thanks, Bryan. First, I know you're aware of the whole reason why we pulled out of DSD. It was not a good return on investment and we felt -- and I give great credit to the team that pulled this off because it was incredibly complex and it was brave and it was done with great execution. And it allowed us to put that money back into brand building. Significant pressure against the brands started last year, will continue into this year with the whole model now being a pull model versus the DSD push model focus on the consumer, focus on brand building. Having said that, there's also innovation coming in different formats that you talked about, more focus on immediate consumption where we believe we have big opportunities. And so, you'll see us doing a lot of innovative things, a lot more brand building things. And it's all -- what's allowed us to do this is the whole DSD exit and the focus on pull and brand building. So very pleased about where we are, pleased about the investment back into the top line and we believe we'll see good underlying growth based on the execution of the program.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Robert, thanks for the question. I'm not going to overpromise and say that nothing's ever going to happen and businesses aren't going to fluctuate and go up and down in competitive environments. But what I will tell you is what I've seen in those three core markets has been an execution, a solid execution around, what we call here, the playbook and again, its nutrition, brand building, in-store execution and excellence in execution. And I see that in the three markets. And I'll give you some examples of that. So, for example, in the U.K. Corn Flakes has been a business that's been around for a very, very long time, very mature business and the team there put together a new brand building idea, a program around what we internally call, versatility. But was really a reintroduction to consumers, to reconsider Corn Flakes in various dayparts and really fun way to talk about in a social media way how people enjoy the perfect bowl of corn flakes. It went viral, it became part of the dialogue, it became contemporary again and Corn Flakes started growing double digits. And so, to point to things like that and you see things like that, and it fundamentally reinforces to me that this is a business that can grow. The other thing I would tell you is, the hard-pressed to find businesses with household penetration that are almost 100. I mean, getting it into people's pantries is not difficult, it happens. But getting people excited about it is our job to do. And we can do better in brand building, in the United States and we've got good programs and good ideas that we're bringing forward. I guess, another thing I'd tell you is it just requires innovation and constant innovation and really pressing ourselves. And if you look at Bear Naked in the U.S. which is now the number one granola brand, it's number one granola brand because it's excellent food, well executed and it’s really connecting with the consumer. So, it's up to us to really maintain a high standard of these things and execute with excellence because it's not easy. It's a competitive category, it does respond when it's marketed too well but if you stumble, you can lose some volume. So, we're bound and determined to grow the three markets that are stabilized, to stabilize our North American Morning Foods business. But as I said earlier to Alexia, it's also you shouldn't look at U.S. Morning Foods and say this is going to be the growth engine for the Kellogg company. It's all the things that I mentioned earlier around emerging markets, around our Other brands and categories, getting bigger and smacking. This company over the course of the last five years has really transitioned itself from primarily a cereal business to a much more of an innovative snacking business. And the latest acquisition of RXBAR is just kind of a cherry on top. That's a business that filled the white space for us and it's doing incredibly well and really connecting with consumers and growing rapidly. Has outside share based on its ACV distribution. So, you'll see us invest wisely around where we see the real opportunities to grow this business but we will not starve areas of the business that we know that are important and we'll do it prudently and wisely. And I believe we can get all four businesses in a good stable position but I come around and again to say it won't always be perfect. In any business that has the type of excellent portfolio spread wide that we do. They're always going to be errors that are accelerating and are doing well and areas that we're working. We're not always going to have a U.S. Frozen business that's going double digits. But when we do we'll invest wisely behind it. Try and continue to push that. We'll have to be cognizant of all the different portfolio pieces that we have invest wisely so that we can grow the totality of our business.
Steven Cahillane: Yeah, ken, thanks for the question. I do see opportunities to continue to expand our margin. But the important thing that I see is it’s an end thing. We'll have to continue to expand our margins and we have to grow our top line by continued smart brand building investment. Currently our index versus our peers is higher in brand building. So that's one of the reasons where a little bit lower on the operating profit margin. But having said that, we clearly have an opportunity to continue to expand our margin and you'll see us to get towards continued top line growth, continued margin expansion. The best way that I see it expanding our margins is continuing the great discipline that is happening around this company around cost containment and cost reduction. You've seen that in Project K, you've seen that in ZBB, you've seen that in Zero overhead growth, will all which has led to the 250-basis point improvement that Fareed talk about and will continue into this year allowing us to achieve that 350 basis points but that's not a finish line. It's not a finish line so we'll continue to expand our margin but the best way to do it again is to maintain a good cost discipline and to grow the top line. And do those both types of things. When you get into a nice algorithm that historically we've seen in this business and we believe we can get there and it will be by focusing on both of those things. Top line growth and cost containment leading to good margin expansion.
Steven Cahillane: Thanks for the question, Tim. We're going to discuss at CAGNY a much more wholesome strategic view where we see the company going over the course of the next three-plus years and beyond to include many things. What we promise here today is to talk about 2018 guidance which we've done and then at CAGNY we'll be talking about the more strategic questions that you raised.
Steven Cahillane: Yeah. Thanks, David. I point out a couple of things. We still have the headwind of the DSD exit which continues into the first of which is worth about a point. We'll look at the underlying really to be flat to minus 1%. I wouldn't call it conservative I'll call it prudent. I think it’s right down the middle. We've got RXBAR which led a 1% to 2%. So, we're trying to get this business, talking about growth, focused on growth and clearly, we are investing in growth. Now having said that, I see a lot of opportunities around the world and in North America already growing we've got Asia Pacific, we've got Pringles globally, U.S. Frozen which I mentioned which is really hitting on all cylinders right now U.S. Specialty with 10 quarters of solid growth. And then the emerging markets which are very exciting to us with stabilization in CARICOM good momentum in Parati opportunity to expand snacks in Asia. And so, I get to the point of your question you say all of those things and say, that sounds exciting why not the more aggressive growth forecast. We're going to shoot to grow better than that but we think it's better to be prudent but we're going to shoot to do better than that. And as Fareed said we've invested in the fourth quarter we like what we see coming out of that investment. We're going to put continued pressure in the marketplace if you talk what Fareed to talk about in the fourth quarter and you carried that through 2018, we'll have at least $100 million of additional brand building pressure in the marketplace. And I'd love to be in a position where we're talking about exceeding our net sales goals. But right now, we think it’s just smart to be prudent since it's still early.
Steven Cahillane: Sure. So, let's take gross margins and for the moment peel away the effect of the DSD dynamics. What we want to see is stable to slightly improving margins and that's going to come from continuing to innovate and drive products that are mix accretive but a big part of that is the efficiency programs that we drive every day. What we do expect to see logistics inflation would be a factor some of the commodities that go into our products, we see inflationary some are the other way. But the most important thing is we've got ongoing productivity and cost savings initiatives and addressing those and so we see gross margins up to flattish as we go into next year. Then when you overlay the DSD there's a mechanical effect of the price adjustments and there's also a geography impact where the DSD model all of those delivery warehouse related costs go through overhead some of those now flow throughout cost of goods. So, you factored that out but what you get to a stable to slightly improving gross margin and that's primarily driven by productivity offsetting those inflation factors I talked about.
Steven Cahillane: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Michael. I can tell you what I found when I came in was a very good and sophisticated marketing mix model with good ROI measurements. And so, you kind of start there in terms of understanding what you can get for your investment. But there's nothing like a great idea, well executed that builds equity and drives consumer interests, drives trial, drives repeat. And so, there's no one model that will tell you where you get to the point of diminishing returns, but great ideas well-funded can do wonders for brands and we've seen that and we continue to see that here. Having said that, there's also minimal requirements for brands that are important part of our stable that we make sure that we don't slavishly just chase where the best ROI's are, but we're also prudent and we give solid brands enough support so that we don't have a tail that we have to address down the road. So, there's a lot of science to it, but there's still some art to it. 25 years ago, it was 80% art and maybe 90% art and 10% science. Now you're probably 70% science, the rest judgment, wisdom, experience and art. And we're trying to put all those things into place as we build plans and then you adjust those plans as you say exactly was happening and what return you're getting and what's moving the needle.
Steven Cahillane: Well, it's an important bucket of spend and be very focused on innovation, and you'll see us bringing things in the back half of this year and into 2019 that we're working out accelerating right now that come right out of our R&D group, working together with our business units. We've got a terrific R&D facility here, it's inspiring to go through. I've been very impressed by the capability that we have and so it’s clearly in there as I look around that's worthy of investment, but it's got to be completely joined up with the rest of the businesses. And I think from an efficiency standpoint, we can probably do even more with what we have currently. As we look at the model it doesn't all have to be in-sourced, it comes through partnerships, it comes through activities like our 1829 investments, it comes from even acquisitions, RXBAR brought tremendous amount of new thinking and innovative thinking and entrepreneurial flair to the company. So, we look at it holistically. But we are excited when we see the opportunity to put a $100 million of additional pressure behind our brands over a kind of a rolling 12-month basis.
Steven Cahillane: Yeah, Pablo, thanks for the question. First on the cereal in emerging markets, I see a real opportunity to actually develop that in many markets. But it's an end thing, our bigger opportunity, I mean, as we have a huge opportunity with Pringles and snacks around the world. I was in Nigeria just a couple of weeks ago, we've just launched cereal there and that was very exciting to watch. It was very exciting to be with the team as they were going through the plans and actually launching the product. So, we see good opportunities. Affordable, it's healthy; it hits on a lot of trends around health and wellness, around megatrends of emerging markets and growing middle classes. In many ways, just a perfect addition to diets and lifestyles in many emerging markets but it's an end thing because we have a big opportunity with snacks in emerging markets as well. And the other thing I'd tell you – answer your question around acquisitions, I want to be very clear, they're great opportunities as we look around the world to do acquisitions like RXBAR, where we see a white space in our own company and we see the right opportunity at the right price and we have to be very, very disciplined buyers as it pertains to M&A. But the single biggest opportunity I see is actually organic growth both in our North American business but in our out of America North America business, our emerging market business and our Europe business. So, we've got great opportunity with this wonderful stable of brands that we have. To grow them through focusing on the right brand building activities and again leaning forward and investing in the brands what you're seeing us do with this $100 million of rolling 12-month pressure against them. And we believe there's great portfolio of brands can grow, not every single one and not every single geography, but on balance we can get an algorithm of growth that really works for us and then we can look at bolt-on acquisitions like RXBAR as an accompaniment to that. And so that's the way I kind of see our portfolio and I think it’s very exciting. And so, thanks for the question.
Fareed Khan: Robert, it's Fareed. I'll start by just your questions on currency. Obviously, we look at the future just like everybody else. And so, this thing can move around a little bit. But our review in 2018 is that we're going to see modestly positive FX impact on the business and that's what we've given. There's also country mix that factors into their when we look at different parts of our business growing. And then our primary exposure is to obviously the dollar, the pound, the Canadian dollars and the Mexican peso and so it's really those -- the key currencies that factor into it. But right now, our view is modestly positive for next year is that the percentage point is at 1.5, that's kind of the range that we are in right now. I'll turn it back to Steve.
Fareed Khan: Sure David, its Fareed. We did have a strong Q4 snacks definitely have a strong quarter. We did have other businesses that had very strong results as well. The snacks success is really the successful execution against the DSD exit we've been talking about that for several quarters. But the key elements of that fell right into place and we're starting to benefit from the overall savings that are pulling through. There's always a plan to invest back in snacks brand building as you recall we actually pull back in some of those investments in Q2 and Q3 to just sort keep promotional activity stable. So, we're probably light on the investments back into those key snacks brands. That came on as planned in Q4. Those will continue and so we're back at it and we're actually seeing our velocities and we are seeing some of those brands come back which is encouraging. On top of that because of the strong performance we did additional investments in very targeted areas so we look across the different opportunities we have some beers solid ROI metrics. And we look across opportunities and we probably have somewhere in the order of $50 million year-over-year a lift in brand building in Q4, which is pretty meaningful but we're on track for our strong full year delivery and we're pleased with the outcomes. As we look into 2018, what we want to do is make sure that we got fuel in the first couple quarters to continue to build on that momentum. And so, as you think about Q1 and Q2 what you see there is a sort of our run rate incremental brand building investment like we see in Q4. And again, for sure in snacks because that's always the plan we're also taking a pretty targeted look in other businesses, it's not just North American and around the world. That's why in the phasing we want you to consider heavy incremental brand building Q1, Q2. And then going back more to a normalized phase then we'll see how the year progresses. Obviously, if the brands are responding we'll continue to keep the pressure. But we like what we see so far.
Fareed Khan: So, it’s a factor. With combination of driver shortages and regulation changes, it's something I think that everybody is facing. So, it’s something that we need to manage. So, logistics specifically, we saw the double-digit types of increases in Q4. We expect to see high single-digits as we go into 2018. How that plays out over the longer-term it will be difficult to watch. But it's back to really looking at our network and continue to make sure that we've got the most efficient network. And part of the DSD logic again was to get all our businesses in one platform and that creates the basis for continuing to optimize and to move forward. But I think in the near term, logistics will be a challenge for everybody.
