Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, David. I will start, and Amit can build. But what I would say is it is important to look at those two year CAGRs, as you point out, that is what we have been talking about because 2020 was such an unusual year. Right. But what’s underlying our confidence in that CAGR is the brand performances that we talked about as we went through the prepared remarks. Our snacks business, our frozen business, our veg business, our international business, our emerging markets business, all performing very strong and if you think about our new guidance for 2021, essentially, just from a top line basis, we are saying flat. So what many companies thought of 2020 when there were COVID beneficiaries would be a high watermark is, in fact, we are going to lap that. And so that is because of the strength of our brands, the execution in the marketplace and the plans that we have put in place. So Amit, do you want to…
Steven Cahillane: Yes. No, thanks, Jason. I would say, obviously, we can’t comment on forward-looking pricing and promotions and so forth. But what we are seeing, what we would expect is a gradual return to normal levels of merchandising activity. As more and more people start to emerge from the pandemic, as capacity for ourselves and others starts to become more normalized. I would just expect that you’ll see a more normal return to levels; I wouldn’t see anything really above that. I wouldn’t see the macro conditions that would drive that. And so yes, I think we can hold serve. And we are off to a good start. It is clear the areas where we want to work on, where we need to work on. And it is clear where we have really good momentum, and we want to continue to push against that as well.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Michael. So obviously, I’m not going to comment on any specific customers, but we have a mantra here that we talk about all the time, we have to earn the pricing that we get in the marketplace. Clearly, there is an inflationary environment that is real. Clearly that is across broad swaths of the economy. And clearly, there is been a lot of reporting on that. But we approach it with the humility that says we have got to invest in our brands. We have got to bring innovation. We have got to do everything that we can to continue to earn our place in the marketplace. But I would also say, we did raise guidance, and we are talking about holding as close to possible to our gross margins. So that reflects the type of confidence that we have that we will be able to get through this by managing our price, mix, innovation with our customers.
Steven Cahillane: Well, we have said in the past, we like the brand building that we have got in place. We like the levels that we have in place. In the back half of last year, we were very purposeful in saying what we pulled from the second quarter we are putting in the back half of the year because brands need investments. And we kept to our overall budget from last year, although it was back-half weighted, and that clearly gave us momentum as we entered 2021, whether it be the Pringles example in the U.S. and in Europe. But we like our levels of brand building spending. We think they are important. They clearly give us the opportunity to drive our brands. And as I said, earn what we get in the marketplace. And so I think we are well balanced. I think we are confident. Again, we raised our guidance based on that. And it is still very early in the year, so there is a lot of uncertainty at play. But we like the way it is shaped up. We like the way it started, and we like our plan going forward from a brand-building perspective and a profit delivery perspective.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Chris. I will start, and Amit can build as well. We did raise guidance, and I think I heard your question, why not more, but we are being prudent. Obviously, we are still in a pandemic, where others are really not even giving guidance beyond the next quarter. We are trying to be as helpful and as transparent as possible. We still have COVID. Obviously, we have lots of challenges in emerging markets based on COVID and other things, but we are off to a good start. And we are confident, and we feel like we can manage all the things that you mentioned, the inflationary environment, the potential disruptions, but we want to be prudent, and we want to be able to deliver what we say we are going to deliver.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Bryan. So I would say we are really where we want to be, right. We are always constructively discontent. We want to do better. We demand of ourselves to do better. But when you think about things like shaping a growth portfolio, that came through and it delivered. The divestiture is behind us. It was a smart thing to do. It was the right thing to do. But you see our emerging markets, you see our snacks brands, you see our many of our portfolio brands really executing well for us. When we think about perfect service and perfect store, built perfectly for the type of pressure that we had to face last year and ongoing and facing this year. We talk about building world-class brands. And we put some investment surges into our brands unapologetically in the past. And because of those things, before the pandemic, I would remind you that we exited the year before the pandemic with 2.7% organic sales growth, right? And we were getting to balance. And then the surge happened and COVID happened. And here we are, we have had this unbelievable sampling opportunity, this reappraisal opportunity, which we have aimed to make the most of but when you look at the two-year stacks and you look at our portfolio and you look at our performance, we are delivering top line growth. We are back to growth reliably and for a lot of quarters now. And we are delivering balanced growth as well. And it is through the strength of our brands and the strength of the execution of our strategy. So we remain eager to do better. We remain hungry, but I think there is no question that deploy for growth has delivered, and we are back to a balanced growth performance.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. So I would say most of what we talked about is internal capacity, right? Many times, we look to external capacity when we are starting out. So if you look at like a Cheez-It Snap’d line, we might start with the first-line being external, but I got lots of conviction that second-line was internal. And so when we talk about cereal capacity, when we talk about Eggo capacity, we are talking about internal capacity building and expansion. So you can take from that, that there is real conviction. But what I would say is we are not building based on any kind of pandemic that is going to go away. We are building on what we really need, right? And so like others, we operate our capacity pretty tightly, right? And historically, when you are in categories that are growing low single digits, you would expect that, the surge created a whole different set of circumstances but as I said, 2020 is not really going to be our high watermark, right? And so we are going to lap those things in 2021. And we are going to need the capacity to do that in things like certain elements of our ready-to-eat cereal in Eggo, in some of our Cheez-It lines, but we are in pretty good shape. And so it is all embedded in our guidance, and we feel like we have got a good plan.
Steven Cahillane: Not really, Rob. A couple of years ago, when we were doing a lot of on the go. We were attacking the on-the-go occasions, and we did a lot of third party, but we also had a lot of manual work being done, that was the case. But now we are more in a normalized environment where we are building capacity based on increasing demand. So not really.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think it reflects the strength of our portfolio, and you are seeing that come through I think from a pure guidance standpoint, we are expecting that elevated demand will moderate a little bit from quarter one. So I think that is what’s built into the guidance. We are expecting growth in emerging markets to sustain, maybe not at the double-digit rates that we saw in quarter one. But certainly, we continue to expect growth in the emerging markets.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think cost for inflation, no question, it is accelerated. I think we are now looking at it being in the high end of the mid- single-digit rate for 2021. We are seeing it across our cost basket from exchange-traded commodities to diesel and energy, ocean freight; we have seen a spike in ocean freight as well. I think all of that has been incorporated into the guidance that we provided today. From a hedging perspective, we are about 76% hedged on the exchange-traded commodities. Obviously, there are other cost pressures outside those as well. But I think we have reflected that in our guidance. And you would have seen that in our quarter one results, we had strong pricing and mix come through. And as Steve mentioned, it is across the whole range of levers, including productivity, including list price increases, including trade optimization and price pack architecture. So the whole suite of revenue growth management tools.
Amit Banati: I think similar levels. Though, obviously, it is accelerating through the year. And then obviously, in quarter one, we were in more hedged than in the later part of the year, as you would expect.
Amit Banati: Yes. So I think our goal is still to expand our gross profit margin on a two-year basis. So I think that is still our goal. And in that context, from a 2021 standpoint, obviously, we were ahead in quarter one. Quarter two is going to be our biggest lap as we lapped last year is outsized operating leverage. And then for the balance of 2021, our goal would be to be as close to flat as possible. So that is kind of the way we are thinking about gross profit margin. Too early to talk about 2022 right now. But certainly, as Steve mentioned, from a revenue growth management standpoint, we are looking at a whole range of tools to offset the inflation that we see.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think just to build on what Steve said, Jason, in addition to last year is factors and timing versus last year, as we had mentioned in our last call, some of this came from quarter four. Most of it, I would say, the timing came from quarter four. There is been a little bit as it relates to quarter two. So there was some shipment ahead of activities, but most of it came from quarter four.
Amit Banati: And just to build on that, maybe a couple of additional points. Just on the shape of the year. So I think quarter two is when we have got the biggest lap, right. So if you look at it from a gross margin standpoint, that was the quarter where we saw the operational - the outsized operational leverage come through. So we are going to lap that in quarter two. Our quarter two was also when we delayed our brand-building into the rest of the year. And just if you recall, quarter two operating profit last year, in 2020, was up 24%. So I think that will just give you a sense of the lap ahead of us and just the shape of the year. I think, like I said, from a gross margin standpoint, in the second half, we target to get as close to flat as possible, recognizing that inflation continues to rise and recognizing that we are probably about 76% hedged. And the SG&A comp should moderate in the second half.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think from a sourcing standpoint, we feel very confident in terms of our diverse supplier base. So while, obviously, with ocean freight and containers and the Suez crisis, there is been pressure in the system. But I think from a supply and a security of supply standpoint, we are confident about that.
Amit Banati: I think the only thing I would add is that we delivered balanced delivery last year. Our goal is to grow our gross margin on a two-year basis. And our cash flow convergence. Last year was an exceptional year. But even if you set that aside, our goal is to increase our cash flow conversion. And our new guidance on cash flow would indicate around 75% to 80% conversion.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think most of the price mix came from pricing in the quarter. And like I mentioned, that was the whole range of tools across all the regions. I think in some of our EMs, we took significant pricing to cover for commodity. And remember, in some of these markets, we have also had transactional ForEx impacts through the back half of 2020 into 2021. So you have seen pricing to offset that come through in the pricing. I think we also benefited from mix. With snacks growth coming back certainly from a mix standpoint, that is a positive. So that is kind of what drove the quarter one results.
Amit Banati: Yes. We don’t get into the by category profitability, but I would say that, yes, I mean, it is kind of at the mix level, at the margin level, it kind of is neutral-ish at the price level, it is accretive.
Amit Banati: No, I think just looking at the cost situation, commodities, ForEx, and obviously, we have seen inflation in both. So I think trying to preserve your margins while also balancing out volume growth and share, I think, and triangulating between those drivers.
