John A. Bryant: Thank you, Simon. And it's really great to see you back in Kellogg. As we evaluate our business, we are pleased with our commercial performance, and in a moment, we'll discuss our progress and growth across both categories and regions of the world. That said, we are absorbing additional costs, which are primarily related to our increased investment in supply chain.  Specifically, the third quarter offered some compelling signs of improvement, particularly from the top line and the end market perspective. However, the quarter was adversely impacted by investments in our supply chain and the lapping of last year's incentive compensation costs. We're encouraged by our underlying results, especially in the current environment and recognize that it takes time to regain momentum. While our sales grew 3% on an internal basis in the quarter, this actually understates our underlying performance due to some shifts in retail trade inventory. We achieved strong end market consumption growth across our U.S. business in the third quarter, gaining share in several key categories. We are also seeing improved momentum in Latin America, Continental Europe and Asia. However, the market continues to be difficult in the U.K., which adversely impacted our European results. Our strong innovation program and brand building are helping drive our top line in this difficult economic environment, and we have plans to continue our momentum. As mentioned on our last call, we are lapping a significant reduction in our incentive compensation costs in the third quarter of 2010. This adversely impacted operating profit by 12 points in the quarter and is a primary driver of our decline in operating profit year-on-year. Due to the timing of various hedges and commodity increases, we always expected the third quarter to have the highest level of inflation for the year.  In addition to the underlying inflation, we have also increased our investments in supply chain across the back half. It is important to note that when we first gave guidance for 2011, we expected cost pressures of 6%. We have now increased our estimate to approximately 9%, which has placed significant pressure on our operating profit performance this year.  If we step back and look at 2011, we are pleased with our top line in the U.S., with broad-based share gains. We are also seeing improved momentum in Latin America, Asia and parts of Europe. However, we underestimated how much work is required to regain momentum in the U.K. and have increased the level of investment in our supply chain.  As we look forward, we are building our top line momentum and have an even stronger innovation pipeline in 2012 than in 2011. However, to gain sustainable top line momentum, we need to increase our investments in brand building and continue to make investments in our supply chain. As always, our focus is on the long-term health of our business. To that end, we're going to make the necessary investments to manage for the long term. Specifically, we are focusing additional time and investment in several areas: supply chain, SAP reimplementation and increased brand building. Let me share more detail on each of these 3 areas. Slide 5 is one that we showed you at the back-to-school conference. I want to highlight that we're doing a lot of work to build a stronger supply chain. Looking at our business from farm to fork or silo to spoon. This has resulted in several changes in our supply chain. We have increased our capital spending to improve our infrastructure and selectively expand capacity. We have selectively added people and resources in our plants. We are expanding our training and development programs. We have changed a number of suppliers and significantly increased our independent testing and ordering. We have changed the layout of our plants to improve environmental zoning and monitoring.  As we work through the process, we have chosen to accelerate work in several plants to improve our environment. This has resulted in additional labor costs, asset write-offs, and in some cases, has temporarily increased logistics and sourcing costs. As we look into 2012, we expect to continue to invest in our supply chain, particularly in the areas of infrastructure capital, additional capacity and training, as well as a wraparound impact from investments made in 2011. In addition, we are investing in our Information Technology infrastructure through our SAP reimplementation to provide improved capabilities and drive efficiencies. Third, we will increase our investment and brand building to further drive our business momentum. Our increased brand building investments will also help support our successful ramp-up in innovation. As always, our focus is on the long-term health of our business. We are committed to brand building and driving innovation as the mechanisms to win sustainably in the marketplace. Turning now to our results, Ron will take you through our financial highlights.
John A. Bryant: I think the way, Rob, that the executive compensation works is, last year, we basically zeroed out our bonus program. And so I'm not sure I'd describe it as a cushion so much as a headwind coming into 2011. As we've gone through this year, we are reducing our guidance slightly for the year. And that will have an adverse impact to our executive compensation programs, but not to the degree of zeroing them amount. So it remains a headwind.
John A. Bryant: Well, we -- again, last year, we zeroed out the executive comp -- the total company bonus program. And this year, we reset it back to a 100% payout at target. That's what we did. So that's the extent of the adjustment for this year.
John A. Bryant: Rob, I think it's a very good question. And if you go back and say, "How did we get ourselves in a situation that we're in and the need to reinvest even more money back into our supply chain in the back half of the year?" I think there are 2 root causes if you go back over time. One was we did cut too many people from our facilities as part of the U.S. implementation of K-LEAN. I think our international implementation of K-LEAN was a little bit different. It was more employee engagement oriented, less headcount reduction oriented. And so I think a lot of the issues we have actually are in our U.S. network. As a result of that, we have added more people into the plants this year and are engaging that workforce more effectively going forward. So there's certainly -- I think K-LEAN cut too deep in the U.S. network. And we reversed direction on that, and added people back into those facilities. The second root cause driver is that we probably worked the assets a bit too hard. We're running a bit too tight on capacity. And so you saw us add additional waffle capacity earlier this year. And as a result of that, we've increased our capital spend both this year, the next few years at around 4% to 5% of sales. So I think we're making the right investments for the long term. I think we have gone back and identified the root causes of some of the issues that we have. And I think you can see us addressing those root causes as we go forward here.
John A. Bryant: Well, I think the U.K -- I do believe the U.K. economy is a tough economy, and I think the U.K. consumer is under pressure. And if you look at the U.K., really 2 different issues in there. One is cereals, second is snacks. And our cereal consumption is down about 3%, which is obviously not where we want it to be. And we are increasing the rate of innovation in the U.K. with the launch of Mini Max here in the fourth quarter and additional innovation going to 2012. And the second issue is really our snacks business in the U.K. And we've had 2 new competitors enter that category in 2011. And the impact of that on our businesses as the category leader has been fairly significant. So I think there's some broader economic issues in the U.K., and there's some Kellogg company-specific issues within the snacks category.
John A. Bryant: I think, Eric, you come back again. There are 2 root causes here. One is, I think, we did cut too many people in our facilities in the U.S. network due to the lean initiative and we reversed course on that. And second is, we've worked assets a little bit harder than what we probably ought to have. And we've changed direction on that. If you think about what we've gone through this year, we have been aggressively looking across our supply chain from farm to fork or silo to spoon to try to move from a reactive situation over the last couple of years to proactively identifying and finding these issues. As you do that, we find things, find opportunities, and we address those opportunities. The second element is, as you're aware, we did receive a letter on our Augusta facility. We sat back and looked at Augusta, got to the root causes within the Augusta facility and took the lessons learned, fixed Augusta and took it across our broader network. That result is identifying further opportunities for us to invest in our supply chain. So I think what you're seeing here is our desire to make the right investments, to create the supply chain for the future. So we are addressing these issues in a proactive rather than reactive way. And we believe that by doing this, we're going to have a much stronger supply chain for the future that's more reliable, where we have better people safety, food safety, even productivity, because it all comes down to people engagement within these facilities.
John A. Bryant: I understand that, Chris. And we gave our best estimate on the second quarter conference call. And now we've gone through a significant amount of work going through the Augusta learnings and the review of our supply chain to identify opportunities. And we've invested an additional $70 million that we have partially absorbed within this year's outlook and had to unfortunately lower our guidance as a result. As we go into 2012, we expect to have some wraparound investment increase year-on-year because we have added people back into the plants this year, there will be additional wraparound impact from that. There will be some depreciation expense next year as well, because we put capital in. And obviously we'll have some flexibility to continue to invest in our supply chain in 2012 because we spent the $70 million this year. So we are working through this. We're making the best decisions that we can. We are addressing issues as they arise. I think what is worth recognizing here is that we're investing what is appropriate and not what we can afford to invest in the context of guidance. So it's not like we only invest in what we could afford to invest in 2011. We actually invested $70 million and dropped our guidance. So we're not leaving issues on the table to be addressed at some point in the future.
John A. Bryant: Chris, I think what's happening on the trade inventory is actually had more to do with the 2010 comparative than the 2011 results. So in 2010, we had the cereal recall, which had officially reduced inventory in the second quarter, and then it had to get reloaded in the third quarter. And so we're just lapping a shipment profile from last year that's a little unusual. If you look at our absolute level of trade inventory, the end of the third quarter is in line with our normal sort of trade inventory ranges. Chris, if I could just add to that also, on a year-to-date basis, actually, our cereal shipments and cereal consumption are actually pretty consistent with each other.
John A. Bryant: Well, I think our intention is to significantly increase brand building in 2012. That's our plan, that's our goal. That's why we're giving the guidance we have for 2012. So at this stage, I'm not quantifying by how much brand building will go up. But we're saying at or above the rate of sales growth. The other thing to remember when you look at that share of voice data is we've shifted a significant amount of money into digital, which is not really captured in the share-of-voice type metrics.
John A. Bryant: We don't want to go into too much detail on 2012 guidance. This is just preliminary. But as we look out to 2012, we are seeing another year of inflation. And with that, we have taken additional pricing actions. And so a good portion of our 4% to 5% growth in 2010 will be price mix.
John A. Bryant: Andrew, I think if you look at the last couple of years, we've been closer to 5% productivity, which I think is an unsustainable and probably unhealthy level of productivity. If you look back over 10 years, we've sustained or been able to generate around 3% to 4% productivity. And we believe that's the appropriate long-term productivity guidance. Also, as we look in our facilities and we add people back into our facilities, improve the training and engagement of those employees, we believe that, in itself, will help us drive productivity over time.
John A. Bryant: Andrew, it's very hard for me to do a peer comparison. We're looking at what we need to do. We're confident that we're making the right decisions that will enable us to be more effective and productive in the future. I believe in some areas, we are ahead of the industry. But it's hard for me to make a broad statement as to where the industry is.
John A. Bryant: Well, I think the U.S. cereal category is a long-term growth category. There's lots of reasons to believe that category can continue to grow. There's an aging population trend here and older people eat more cereal than younger people. There's an opportunity to drive cereal consumption outside the breakfast occasion. And in some of the trends right now, like Greek yogurt, is actually -- can be complementary to cereal. And then people will add cereal to Greek yogurt. So I see it's a very versatile and long-term growth potential category. So in the third quarter, I think it was up 3%. So I am quite positive on the long-term potential of the category.
John A. Bryant: Well, I think we've been going through a process for a while now. I do believe that Steve has helped us, and as being part of this, helped drive this process as well. So clearly, he's taken on that leadership role within our supply chain.
John A. Bryant: Yes, I believe we've been working down this path for a while now. And I think he's certainly helped us make some improvements. I think he's really been part of saying, "Hey, some of the people engagement practices are not what they could be." So some areas like that, he's been particularly active. But he's our new Head of Supply Chain for the company. He's driving the changes that we need to make as a company to be better long term.
John A. Bryant: I think if you go back again, we received the letter on Augusta, I think, in June. As we said, we've been going through farm-to-fork or silo-to-spoon process. As we identified opportunities going through the third quarter, we went after those opportunities. And we sort of finalized our plans for the year, sort of early October. That was the first time we had sort of full-year look as to where we were. But obviously, a lot of activities were underway across the third quarter.
John A. Bryant: Dave, just to be clear, the additional $70 million of investment is not raw material related. That is investment in the 4 walls of our facilities.
John A. Bryant: I agree with that, absolutely. I think our underlying business performance is strong, the innovation is working, we have broad-based sales and share growth, we are gaining momentum on the top line, we're investing for the long term. I think issue that we had in the third quarter and the year was really this reinvestment in supply chain components.
John A. Bryant: David, the way I think about it is, early in the year, we said we had $30 million of additional supply chain investment. We've increased that by $70 million. So we're now at $100 million up year-on-year. As we going to 2012, we're basically saying we're going to hold that level of investment. That gives us the flexibility to reinvest in the supply chain as we need to. There will be some things that will impact us. We'll have year-on-year depreciation drag, and we'll have year-on-year impact from investments. But also, we have the flexibility to make additional investments in our supply chain if we need to within that guidance. The real reason that 2012 guidance is a little bit below -- was below our long-term aspiration is because we are looking to invest aggressively back in the brand building.
John A. Bryant: Well, I think our emerging markets actually are doing pretty well and have potential to do even more. If you look at our emerging markets, really all of Latin America is in emerging markets in the Kellogg Company. I think we had a very strong quarter in Latin America. You go across Asia Pacific -- and really, Australia is bringing down the results of Asia. If you looked at Asia in isolation, we've got strong sales growth and profit growth, very strong growth in India, South Africa, Korea. So we're very happy there. And then you go across to Europe, and as we've said before, in some respects, while it sounds strange, Continental Europe is a little bit of an emerging cereal market. And we're seeing mid single-digit growth there. Russia and China, Russia and China both saw a little bit of volume decline in the quarter, which is what we anticipated. But we are making the right long-term progress in Russia. And as we said before in China, we're probably looking at taking a slightly different approach. And in that context, in terms of what we want to do as a company going forward, is to take the lessons learned from our Turkish joint venture and say there are opportunities for us to even more aggressively open up some emerging markets around the world by working with other companies in joint venture type situations.
John A. Bryant: Well, I think Kashi has an opportunity to get back to be more of an engine. I think we need to, again, pick up the rate of innovation on the Kashi business. And we're driving very strong plans for 2012. I think we saw Kashi actually did pretty well in the first half. It did have a tougher third quarter, and we're hoping to have a stronger fourth quarter and get back on track.
John A. Bryant: All right, everybody. Thanks for joining us on the call. We look forward to seeing or speaking to you over the next few days.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, Chris, this is Ron. In terms of the supply chain investments that we're making, remember, what we said was that our cost pressures move from approximately 8% up to 9%. So about 1 point, roughly $70 million. This $70 million is over the third and the fourth quarters. About 60% of it is falling in the third quarter and 40% is falling in the fourth quarter. And we did talk about an incremental $30 million previously when we did the second quarter conference call. So that was already embedded within the approximate 8% cost pressures that we discussed.
Ronald L. Dissinger: There are some onetime costs that are reflected in upfront costs, Chris. And then there is the $70 million that's just ongoing expense.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, Andrew. In terms of commodity inflation, we do expect inflation, as John had said next year. We expect commodity inflation to be slightly less than what we experienced in 2011. Right now, and it's still early obviously, but at this point in time, we're hedged at about 50% on our commodities for next year. For comparison, I think we were a little over 40% at this time last year.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, actually, Andrew, the price mix benefit that we experienced in the third quarter is very consistent with what we expected and stronger than what we saw over the front half. We do expect it to accelerate as we move into the fourth quarter, and we have taken some additional pricing in October in a couple of key markets.
Ronald L. Dissinger: As we talk about our cost pressures in relation to supply chain, absolutely. It includes the material components of our product, as well as the factory and operating costs and these increased investments.
Ronald L. Dissinger: That's correct, David. So we have been able to absorb some of that increase within the context of our profit and loss statement. As I mentioned also, our brand building has come down a little bit, but we still expect it to be up year-over-year.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Well, there are a number of things that are impacting us in terms of our 2012. As we discussed, we talked about stepping up our brand building investment and also the SAP reimplementation. The supply chain impact year-over-year is not a significant change.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Our long-term growth targets for earnings per share will be in the 7% to 9% range, and we fully expect we'll be well within that as we move back with them.
