John A. Bryant: Thanks, Simon, and thank you everyone for joining us. We're pleased to have announced today results for currency-neutral comparable net sales, operating profit, and earnings per share that were ahead of our expectations. We saw good net sales growth in international business and improving trends in several of our developed market businesses in North America. As you know, we've invested in various revenue driving initiatives around the world and we've seen improving sales trends. Specifically, we posted strong double-digit net sales growth in Latin America in the quarter. We posted low-single-digit net sales growth in Europe. And Asia-Pacific region posted mid-single-digit net sales growth due to double-digit growth in the Asian business. And we saw improving trends in our developed Cereal business in the U.S., category trends improved and our Kellogg brands gained share. As we mentioned at the CAGNY conference, we'll be doing a lot of work over the last year on Project K, our efficiency and effectiveness initiative. We're on track to generate savings and to invest in the business to drive profitable net sales growth. Specifically, we're focused on three main areas of opportunity. We're investing where the shoppers shop. We're investing in our food. And we're increasing our investment in the high-growth emerging markets. Let's start with a discussion of in-store execution. The first area of investment we're focused on is the warehouse sales force in the U.S. We've made a significant investment in this area in 2014 and we're investing more in 2015. Their focus is on selling promotions, gaining share of the shelf, maximizing distribution, and increasing the speed to shelf for new products. The second area of investment is the DSD sales team. The benefits we get from this investment build over time and we've always seen improved in-store display activity in the channels serviced by DSD. The third area of investment is in emerging markets where we've invested in our coverage of high-frequency stores in both Asia and Latin America. We are pleased with the progress we've made so far. We have more to do, although we've already seen improved results. Let's turn to slide five and the second area of focus, increased investment in our food. First of all, we have started some broad initiatives in the U.S. Cereal business this year, including the Origins program, which is similar to one that was successful in Europe. This program includes new food and support which stresses the simplicity and goodness of the new products. We've also got some great new snacks coming. In the U.S., we have renovated our Special K bars to include more visible ingredients, and we are launching Special K Chewy Nut bars, which include simple ingredients preferred by consumers. We've launched a variety of new mueslis in a number of countries which are off to a good start, and we have plans to launch granolas and mueslis in other parts of the world. And very importantly, we've also done a lot of work with our Kashi business in North America. We have great brands in both Kashi and Bare Naked. We have a dedicated team in California, and they're making progress across three priorities. First, they're designing and launching a portfolio of innovative plant-based foods that deliver powerful uplifting health. Second, they are engaging with customers and partnering to develop new and exciting programs targeted at food-forward consumers. And finally, they are developing stronger marketing plans using more of a storytelling model rather than a traditional advertising model. Finally, for Project K, let's turn to slide six and the investment we are making in the emerging markets. We have a strong team across the international businesses. Within these regions, we have targeted various initiatives. In Asia and Latin America, we are focused on increasing our penetration of high-frequency stores. We've driven strong sales growth in the Pringles business in emerging markets over the last three years, and we've recently opened a new plant in Malaysia. In addition, we recently invested in a large biscuit manufacturer in Egypt, and our joint venture in China continues to perform well. These are all initiatives designed to increase our rates of profitable sales growth and return us to our long-term model. It's early in the process, but we're seeing good sales growth in our international regions and we're confident that we'll achieve additional growth as we execute these programs. Now I'll turn it over to Ron.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, María Fernanda. Now let's turn to slide 34 and our Asia-Pacific business. The Asia-Pacific segment posted an increase in comparable net sales of 4% in the first quarter. We posted double-digit growth in Asia as a result of double-digit growth in India, Japan, and South Korea. In India, we saw growth in our core brands and in new smaller-sized packs designed to make our products more affordable. We have completed construction at our new plant in India and the facility has started production to service the increasing demand in the country. Sales declined in the Australian business due to weakness in the Cereal and Snack businesses. However, we are launching a range of innovation including granola, muesli, gluten-free, and on-the-go offerings. The Pringles business posted good sales growth with results exceeding our expectations. We ran a muesli promotion in Australia, Southeast Asia and Taiwan, which drove sales at a double-digit rate during the activation period. So we had another good quarter in this region driven by strong growth in our Asian business. As you might imagine, we continue to expect growth from the region for 2015. Please turn to the summary on page 35. Our results for sales, operating profit, and earnings per share were all ahead of our expectations in the first quarter. We saw sales growth in Europe, Latin America, and Asia-Pacific. And we saw improving sales trends in our U.S. Cereal business, and our Kellogg brands gained share. The Project K initiative continues to go well. We are investing the savings in areas designed to drive profitable sales growth and we're starting to see the results. Obviously, our investment program is a process and the benefits will build over time. Improvement in our results will also build, and we know that there's no quick fix. However, we are very encouraged by some of the early signs of success we've already seen and by the plans we're making now for future periods. Now I'd like to end, as always, by thanking our employees around the world. It's all their hard work that is allowing us to build a foundation for growth in 2015 and beyond. And with that, I'll open it up to questions.
John A. Bryant: So, Eric, if I could just add on to that as well. As we think about reinvesting the Project K savings, we are reinvesting the savings in a number of areas in our business. Some of the money is going into getting food that's even more on trend with changing consumer needs. Some is going into our sales capabilities, both in the U.S. as you've seen with the warehouse and DSD system, but also with the sales force that supports high-frequency stores in a number of the emerging markets. Quite frankly, as we look at brand building, we have a high level of brand building as a company. We spend about twice the amount of advertising as the average food company. So we feel like we have fuel in the engine there. We believe we're going to get the best return by investing more to enable us to get growth through additional capabilities such as sales and by making sure we have food that's absolutely on trend with changing consumers' needs.
John A. Bryant: We do see customers from time to time changing their merchandising plans. I think we had a large customer that probably did somewhat adversely impact us in that area as well. And obviously we worked with that customer to ensure that jointly we're building our categories over time. And so I think we'll have better programs as we go forward. And the thing about our U.S. Snacks business, we're essentially on plan coming through the first quarter. The first quarter is our toughest comp for our U.S. Snacks business. A lot of innovation in Snacks this year was actually in the middle of the year so we do expect our sales trend to improve as we go through the year.
John A. Bryant: No, Ken, I don't think it's adversely impacted our shelf space. It was more a case of retail holding more inventory than they thought appropriate and it came out significantly here in the first quarter.
John A. Bryant: Great. Thanks, Andrew. On the category, we are seeing the trends improved. We're down around 2% to 3% in the first quarter, which is better than last year so it's very dangerous to predict what a category is going to do, but I'd say it's going to be down in that low-single-digit sort of range for the year. What we're seeing in our business is stronger performance. Seven of our 10 largest brands under the Kellogg brand gained share in the quarter and the Kellogg brand itself gained about 30 basis points of share. If you look at why some of our business is doing better, Froot Loops grew about 6% and that's being driven by some great advertising programs behind evening consumption, et cetera. The Raisin Bran business is up about 7%. Rice Krispies is up 4%. In case of Raisin Bran, we have some innovation but also some very on-trend advertising as well. We are seeing improved distribution and merchandising from reinvesting back into our U.S. sales force. Displays are up in Q1 last year. Quite frankly, we were down in Q1 last year, so part of it is the comp as well that's helping us there, and 44% share of innovation is a sort of share of innovation that we'd like to see in our U.S. Cereal business, but not what we had necessarily last year, so I think we are seeing some good performance within the Cereal business, particularly across the legacy Kellogg brands.
John A. Bryant: Well, I think we've had a good start to the year. And as we said in the press release, we beat our internal expectations in Q1. It is one quarter in the year though, so I think it's appropriate for us to say that we're still on track from a full-year perspective and so it would be too early for us to start thinking about reinvest or other alternatives. So I think it's a good start for the whole year. We have expectations of sales being relatively flat; we achieved that in the first quarter, which is actually our toughest comp so we're feeling good about where we are.
John A. Bryant: So if you look within Europe, we did have good growth in Pringles, as you said. Cereal sales were down in the quarter, though that's actually is an improving trend in line with our expectations, so we're seeing some good progress there. And if you look within Europe, we actually saw some growth on a consolidated basis in Northern Europe, France, and Benelux, U.K., Ireland, and Southern Europe down very slightly, low-signal-digits in the quarter. We had some good growth in the emerging markets, particularly in Russia, even though it's a tough environment we actually saw some good growth in Russia in the quarter as well.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Bryan. Great question. So let me just clarify one thing, on Kashi, the Kashi wholesome snack bars actually grew in the first quarter, which is a sign of the strength of the brand, particularly when you have great food going up against it. On the Special K business, if you look at some of the softness in consumption we've had in our U.S. Snacks business, it does largely come down to Special K. But there's some good news in there. So if we look within wholesome snacks, Special K bars is a primary source of weakness within that category for us. We've come out with new Special K bars here at the beginning of the year. We've lost some distribution and some retailers but we've maintained the distribution, the velocity is up strong, which would suggest that we've got good food that's delivering upon the promise of Special K. And we have more innovation coming in behind Special K in the middle of the year. If you come to crackers, similar story. We've renovated the Special K Cracker Chip offering. We've lost some distribution on those products, but where we've maintained the distribution, the velocity is up strongly again, which also suggests we have some great food out there. So I think what we're seeing is a transition, the good news is where the food's in play we're seeing good velocities. Now our job is to rebuild the distributions based on having great food in the marketplace.
John A. Bryant: I think that's fair. We're essentially on plan in our U.S. Snacks business in the first quarter. I think the upside had more to do with some great performances in the international businesses and seeing better trends come out of our U.S. Cereal business.
John A. Bryant: David, there's a couple of factors driving that. If you look at the consumption data versus the shipment data, there's two reasons for differences there in the first quarter. One has to do with strong growth in the non-measured channel right. I realize that Nielsen covers most of the business but there are some large customers and meaningful channels that are not inside that data as we're seeing some very good growth in those businesses. Secondly, a lot of what's happening is driven by the phasing of innovation year on year. So last year innovation went out in the first quarter, this year innovation for Snacks is much more mid-year. And what's happening there is we'll see that innovation go in Q2, that will give us more of a consumption drive and a little bit more of a shipment drive too as we fill the pipelines for that innovation. Last year innovation went in, in the first quarter which means that supplies usually ships in Q4 and so we actually burn through inventory in Q1. We get good consumption coming from behind that innovation in Q1 last year. So a little bit of a timing issue within the year that's driving what you're seeing there. We do expect better results, I would caution on some of the April data because the shift of Easter can distort one week versus another but we do expect to see improving consumption trends in our Snacks business over time
John A. Bryant: So historically when we've benchmarked the company to our peers, we've actually come with a little bit leaner, quite frankly, than a lot of our peer group. Clearly, as we have a new model with the 3G model and Kraft and Heinz, we're going to watch that closely and learn and reapply what works. But we're not going to blindly follow those actions. As you think about our business, we're doing Project K, reinvesting for growth. As we talked about at CAGNY, we only need low-single-digit growth to drive mid-single digit operating profit and we believe that's the right way to sustainably grow and drive these businesses over time. So to answer your question, we continue to look, to learn but we're going to drive Project K for now and then see if more ideas come to us based upon what we see in the marketplace.
John A. Bryant: We're making good progress on Kashi. As you mentioned, we are renovating some of our core foods today. The good news is that we have a strong team in place in California, and we are making progress both on the renovation front, which we expect to have for Kashi largely this year, but also on the innovation front, bringing new foods to market. If you look at what's happened to Kashi, we have seen a significant loss of distribution over the last year, but our velocities are stabilizing. And as we bring in new innovation mid-year, we expect to start to improve our distribution as we go forward. So mechanically, we're going to see a decline in Kashi this year. That's really a loss of past distribution as opposed to a weakness in the underlying brand or foods. And as we start to rebuild through innovation, I think we'll start seeing the business return to growth. That's probably more a 2016 discussion than a 2015 discussion. The good news as we go talk to retailers about the innovation of what we're doing on the brands, there's real excitement about what we're doing, and we're seeing improving support from retailers as well as we go forward.
John A. Bryant: Kurt, thanks for the question. We are executing the largest restructuring program in the company's history, taking out a very large amount of cost and reinvesting that back in the business to drive long-term growth. You're seeing that through our investments back in sales capability, investments in our food, and you're seeing our top line trend starting to improve with growth across our international businesses and better trends in some of our U.S. businesses. So we're on track with our plan to return to sustainable growth over time, and we believe that's the best way to create value for shareholders.
John A. Bryant: Kurt, we always will do what we think is the best way to create shareholder value and we are – and our belief is (60:49), driving exactly like programs to achieve that outcome and that's what we're absolutely focused on as a company. I think you're seeing improving trends in this quarter and that's our goal as we go forward. So I appreciate the question.
María Fernanda Mejía - President: Sure. Thanks for the question, David. Regarding the Mexico tax first, last year we believe the team did a really great job in predicting the impact of the Mexico tax through the good use of insights and analytics. We did see an impact in volumes particularly in the first half of 2014, but through the implementation of very strong consumption building and category program, we saw the elasticity improve through the back half of 2014 and certainly through the first quarter of 2015 where in Mexico we saw great volume recovery. As far as what we're seeing in the region from a regulatory standpoint, obviously we meet all government and regulatory requirements, and we're constantly tracking and evolving – the requirements and the evolving consumer preferences. In the region, cereal, a bowl of cereal with milk fruit still provides a very nutritious breakfast offering when we compare it to other local offerings in the marketplace. So I think we should congratulate the Mexico team for a job well done in managing a challenging situation for us through the first half of 2014.
María Fernanda Mejía - President: Thanks, John. It's a great question. As we shared with you earlier in the presentation, we've made some pretty important structural changes to better address the growth opportunities in Latin America and they're quite simple. First is high-frequently stores. Traditionally, we've had pantry size boxes of cereal going through most of our direct accounts. 50% to 70% of all food sales go through HFS, as I mentioned earlier, only 20% of cereal sales and for us, less than 20% of our snacks. So that is the biggest opportunity. To be able to drive volume growth, John, in HFS, we need to have the right size, the right pack, at the right affordable price and that's what we've now put in through the core of our cereal brands to address high-frequency stores. And as we ramp-up Pringles, having Pringles also in affordable sizes for high-frequency stores, is going to be absolutely critical.
María Fernanda Mejía - President: I think so. I think it's making sure that our products are affordable and accessible where consumers and shoppers shop every day in our region.
