John Bryant: Thanks, Ron. In conclusion, we are excited about the year ahead. 2011 will be a year focused on regaining our momentum and returning to a path of sustainable growth. We are confident that successful execution of our key initiatives, driving innovation, brand building and improving the supply chain will enable Kellogg to deliver value to our shareholders and excite both consumers and our retail partners. We recognize that this process will take time, focus and effort, and we are committed to the task ahead. This is a great company, and I'm excited about the future. We have the right people, resources and strategy in place to deliver on Kellogg's long-term, sustainable growth model. I'd now like to open up for questions.
John Bryant: I don't want to get into the pricing mechanism by category. What we've said is -- in the third quarter call, we said we're going to go around 200, 300 basis points of price mix. As we come into 2011, we now think that's closer to 300 to 400 basis points. And obviously, the higher cost inflation is driving that. That's across all categories globally, different amounts in different categories, different amounts in different countries. I really don't want to get into the specifics of any one category in any one market.
John Bryant: One of the great things, Chris, about the cereal category is it really response to innovation and brand building and ideas. I think what we're seeing here it's early days in January, but we're seeing some good innovation hit the marketplace. We're seeing the consumer respond to that and the categories doing better. It's too early to say how things will evolve as we go through the year, but I think the early signs are very positive.
John Bryant: Yes. I think volume is hard to predict, Chris. I think there will be cereal category growth behind the innovation and behind the pricing. I wouldn't want to give you a volume-level forecast for a category.
John Bryant: And Eric, if you step back from this, and you think about China, it's a relatively small business. It's more of a price-based cookie company in Northeast China, and it really hasn't met our expectations. Having said that, we remain very excited about China as a market long term, particularly in the area of cereal. And we're looking at strategic alternatives for how we continue to progress in a successful way in the Chinese market. If I go to Russia and sort of compare that to Russia, Russia, the business there is a much larger business. It's across three categories. It's a leading company in crackers, strong position in cookies. And a third of that business broadly speaking is cereal, growing at around 20% to 30%. In the Russia case, you've got a much larger business, much more of scale and much more of a Cereal business. And even though it's exposed to bulk biscuits -- we are making less money in Russia than we would've liked, I think the business had much better long-term potential. Just like China, we do an impairment test in Russia at the end of each year. And obviously at the end of last year, it passed that impairment test.
John Bryant: That is still ongoing, but it's going to take a very long period of time to sort out, Eric. So we have no amount in our guidance for 2011 from that insurance claim.
John Bryant: Again, I don't want to talk about other company's pricing. I think from our perspective, we're seeing that broad based grain inflation. We've taken broad based pricing to help offset that, and we're seeing that work its way through the marketplace.
John Bryant: I think you were looking in January, I assume you're referring to it, we've had some very good quality merchandising support from retailers. It's important to note that actually from the data we're looking at that our price per pound is actually up in January. What's going on there is a couple of things. One is, we have strong innovation, and retailers are excited by that innovation, and they're giving us excellent quality merchandising. And the second is that we also have the resolution period in January. And as you know, resolutions are a big deal for Special K. I'll give you one example, we moved the Special K price point from $2.49 to $2.99 in January this year on deal, and the business is responding extremely well. In fact, we hit over a 10 share in the early weeks of January on Special K alone. So I wouldn't confuse good retail support with the price discounting. I think we're seeing very strong retail support based on strong ideas and good consumer uptake from that.
John Bryant: Jonathan, it's a great question, and we have, as you say a long history as a company of great food quality, food safety heritage. And we've been disappointed by some of the events over the last 18 months or so. And we've gone back into our system and really looked from the top down and bottom up at what else can we do to improve the food quality programs in the company. That's resulted in us putting more resources in place in areas like supply audits, doing more raw material testing and so on. If you look at some of the issues that we've had as a company, they've generally come from the supply base, from outside of the Kellogg facilities themselves. Having said that, I personally have been to just about every Kellogg facility in the Kellogg world over the last six months or so. And there's a tremendous focus in the company to make sure that we are an industry leader in the whole area of food safety. Having said that, there's always risk out there, and we're always looking to mitigate those risks as best as we can.
John Bryant: Eric, a couple of ways of looking at that. One is the increase in innovation in 2011 is getting us back to those '08 levels, which was in line with '07, '06 and '05. So in some respects, '09 and '10 were the anomaly, in that we had less innovation out there. That's because we moved more of our resources towards renovating our foods, reducing sugar, reducing salt, adding fiber and so on. And that was all great renovation and set us up for the long term, but it had a short-term impact in terms of less innovation in the marketplace. As we look at the innovations coming out in 2011, we think that's high-quality innovation, and we've done a few things to improve the likelihood of success of that innovation. One is, we looked at the consumer segmentation in our various markets. Looked at where our portfolio fits on top of that segmentation, looked at the gaps in our portfolio and filled those gaps in. So for example, in the U.S., we don't have that many adult taste-oriented offerings and we're also the little nut-based foods in our cereal portfolio, so Crunchy Nut works. In addition to that, we've been even more aggressive at leveraging great ideas from around the world and great ideas to travel. So Crunchy Nut, the number two brand in the U.K. meant that we had not just a food offering that works but brand positioning that we could pick up and apply to the U.S. market. Same with Mini-Wheats food in the middle. So a combination of, one, you go back and look at five years ago, where we had high levels of innovation that was successfully driving our top line. Second, a far more rigorous review of portfolio and where the gaps are; and third, more aggressive showing of international ideas that work gives us more confidence in the 2011 innovation pipeline.
John Bryant: Terry, I think if you look at the non-measured channels, it's actually been a great source of growth for the company over the last 10 years. The issue that we had in 2010 was partially specific to our company in that we had very strong support in 2009, and we had to lap that very strong support. I think in addition to our specific issues as a company, there have been some broader issues in some of those retailers in that there's been some SKU reductions, some reduction in merchandising space. I think as we go into 2011, we feel better about those non-measured channels. We're seeing some SKUs come back. We're seeing some more merchandizing opportunities. It's hard to look in December, January and take too much away from some specific stock issues. There's been some big snow events even over the last few days have impacted the ability of various companies to ship, so I wouldn't want to extrapolate too far from a few isolated events.
John Bryant: To come back again to what joined us in category is brand building and innovation, and if you have great brand building innovation programs I think that really excites the consumer, can drive the category, go forward from there. I think on the Post business specifically, you have to ask them about their business.
John Bryant: It would be higher than the 7%, our hedges are in the money, but we're not going to quantify by how much.
John Bryant: Yes, I don't think we quite think about pricing that way, Andrew, in that we say, hey, we're going to price to offset inflation. I think the way we work through it is we drive productivity to help offset inflation and then we price accordingly. So when we say 300 to 400 basis points of price mix, that includes an element of mix. So it's not 300 to 400 basis points of pricing as such.
John Bryant: I think just on the consumer environment, Andrew, I think it is a difficult environment with unemployment as high as it is. The situation we have though is with grain-based pricing for grain-based inflation. All of the food industry is going to be going up, including meat and poultry and so on as well. So there's not a lot of places for consumer to go for cheaper food than say a bowl of cereal with milk at $0.50 a serve. So it's a relatively cheap serve. So I think we're well positioned from that perspective. And secondly, we're seeing some return at the high end with consumers that we're seeing Special K get some growth back again. Bear Naked and cashew are both up mid-single digits in the fourth quarter. So there's some opportunity there.
John Bryant: I would probably take away it a little bit differently and say that broad-based grain inflation is driving similar response amongst the players in the category that we're all being forced to price to effect that higher cost of goods.
John Bryant: Malt-O-Meal is being very aggressive out there, and it seems to be coming at the expense of private label. And if you look in the fourth quarter, private label share was down 40 basis points and down 50 basis points for the full year. So I think there's an issue there really between what we call the price-led segment when we think about Malt-O-Meal and private label together.
John Bryant: The U.K. has gone through similar dynamics to the U.S. in that the category in 2009 was up 5% to 6%, and then the category in 2010 was down about 3%. We broadly held share in that category, but it's a difficult environment. As we go into 2011, we have taken pricing to offset inflation, and there is significant inflation in Europe particularly around sugar. And so, we've taken that pricing. We've got strong brand building, strong innovation in Special K clusters and milk chocolate Krave in the U.K. Having said that, the first quarter is a tough comp for the Q1 for the U.K. And we've had better trends for the back part of the year. But Europe is going to continue probably be the most difficult operating environment for the Kellogg Company around the world.
John Bryant: I think as we look at the fourth quarter, we're not saying that we're happy with our fourth quarter performance. We think we need to do better as a company than we did in the fourth quarter and in 2010. I think what we're saying there was against the guidance that we gave at the end of the third quarter, the business did a little bit better than what we guided to. So we obviously have some work ahead of us. We're working on that, we've been through the issues that set us back in 2010, and we recognize that we need to do better in '11 and '12 and beyond.
John Bryant: I think when you look at the company, and you question if we should be spending, say, another $100 million in brand building or something to get the business going, we have over $1 billion, in fact, $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion of advertising spend as a company. And then, we have $300 million to $400 million of additional consumer promotion spend in addition to that. That total brand building spend is about $1.5 billion and that's sort of ballpark. And we're going to grow that by somewhere around $30 million in 2011, ballpark again. As you look at the amount of sheer spend that we have, we spend about twice the average food company on advertising. We have these strong consumer promotion programs. We have a lot of the investment that we need. I think we demonstrated that 2001 through 2009, where we had great performance from innovation, brand building and execution. And that's what we need to get back to. I don't think it's a case of underinvesting in the business. I think we had some other issues in 2010, and we really need to get back to that long-term growth. And we have the fire power in the business to achieve that.
John Bryant: It's about ideas. If you have great ideas, you can drive the business. That's what it comes down to.
John Bryant: I think that's fair. I think the issue here is 2009. As we go into 2011, we think we're building off a strong base in 2010 as opposed to a deflated base in 2010.
John Bryant: I can't talk for the industry. I think that comes down to a series of independent decisions that are hard to predict. But our perspective, or my perspective, is that we're looking at long-term commodity inflation. So this is not a 2011 issue. This is going to continue for quite a few years. In fact, in some respects, the recession broke a cycle that was already underway before the recession occurred. And the reason that I say that is, if you look at what's going on right now, supply has come down a little bit. Demand continues to be strong for these grains. Closing stocks are very low. There is something like 40% of the corn crop going into ethanol, and the ethanol supplies are still making money. So this is an ongoing pressure on grain prices, and we think that we're going to be in this environment for several years to come.
John Bryant: I don't want to get into the exact dynamic of how we did it, but we have had to increase our price expectations between the third quarter call and today. And we've done that in a couple of different ways.
John Bryant: We did end 2009 with inventories higher than we wanted them to be. I'm happy to say we ended 2010 right where we wanted them to be. So I think we're in a much better shape as we come into '11 on the inventory position.
John Bryant: Well, there have been organizational changes. Quite frankly they were probably going to occur irrespective of my change in role. But we are looking for a new head of supply chain as a company. We have some internal and external candidates as we go down that path. We haven't fill that role yet. Tim Mosby retired from being the area President of Europe. He'd been in that role for 10 years, did a fantastic job for us. And we're very fortunate to have Steve Twaddell who was right in place and ready to step into that role. The Morning Foods role here in the U.S., which includes cereal, we've got David Denholm stepping into that role. David was running our Asia Pacific business. And when you step back from it, I think we have a great team at the Kellogg Company. We're committed to winning. I feel very good about where we are.
Ronald Dissinger: Yes, Eric, in terms of the China impairment, it was non-cash. It was a combination of both goodwill, as well as impairment against some fixed assets. I think it's important to note as well, we quantified it from an operating profit perspective. In terms of earnings per share, it's $0.07 of earnings per share. So there's really very little or essentially no tax offset to that charge that we've taken.
Ronald Dissinger: There's still some open positions obviously from a hedging perspective. We are 80% hedged at this point in time, slightly above where we were at this point in time last year. Is there any risk that still sits out there from a commodity perspective? Yes, there is, but we expect we'd be able to manage that within the context of our guidance.
Ronald Dissinger: There are a number of things that came into our performance and profit and loss statement as we progress through the past couple of months, including, as we've referenced, the increase in input inflation. So we look at the China impairment and basically have included that in the guidance at this point in time.
Ronald Dissinger: No, it was not in our fourth quarter guidance when we communicated that in the third quarter call. We went through the fourth quarter. We did our normal impairment testing that we do for goodwill across all of our businesses, and it became clear, we obviously did an evaluation of the business performance as well and it became clear that we needed to take that impairment charge.
Ronald Dissinger: The underlying growth or performance of the business did come out better than expected. Yes, that is true.
Ronald Dissinger: I don't think we've ever quantified that. A lot of the supply chain investment actually occurred in 2010. That would be permanent investment that we'll just carry forward with us. There's a little bit more going into 2011. It's not that significant. Again, most of it is behind us in '10.
Ronald Dissinger: Judy, the grain inflation was certainly a factor. I would say the change in our sales guidance is as much price as it is mix driven as well. So price went up a little bit. The fact that commodities have gone up gives us a bit more confidence in that position. The other thing that gives us confidence is the receptivity of our innovation as we put it out into the marketplace and what we've seen from a pricing perspective from other competition within our categories already on the street. So that gives us a bit more confidence in raising our sales guidance at this point in time. And you'll note that from a volume perspective, we're still expecting our volume guidance to be very consistent with what we've communicated before.
