John A. Bryant: Thanks, Simon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Before I start, I'd like to announce that Simon will be moving into a new role in the business. I'd like to take this opportunity to thank him for all his contributions over the years in Investor Relations. He's done a tremendous job. To backfill Simon, we've asked John Renwick, who many of you already know, to come back to Investor Relations. John has 16 years of experience with Kellogg, including stints not only in Investor Relations, but also business unit CFO roles in both the U.S. and international regions. And before coming to Kellogg, John was a sell-side analyst covering the packaged food industry. So he brings great experience that will enable us to sustain a strong Investor Relations program. So thank you, Simon. And welcome, John. Turning to the business, we are pleased to report a good start to the year, with operating profit and earnings exceeding our expectations in the first quarter. Earlier pricing actions in Venezuela certainly gave our results a boost, but, even excluding Venezuela, our profit came in better than anticipated. Net sales, excluding Venezuela, came in slightly below our expectations, but, even where we came up short, we can point to specific factors that we don't consider to be ongoing. For example, first, in U.S. Snacks, we underwent a major reorganization of our DSD sales force, changing thousands of employees' roles, managers, zones and customers. And this impacted our display activity in Q1 and into Q2, but it was the right thing to do. And when everyone settles into their new roles, we should see improved selling and merchandising effectiveness. Second, in European Cereal, sales were soft in Q1. We think this is largely the consequence of timing of investment. Our innovation came in midway through the quarter, and we have our big events, such as tie-ins with Euro Soccer and Olympics, coming this summer. And finally, in businesses like Eggo and MorningStar Farms, we made portfolio changes and product transitions that weighed down short-term results. Those should lead to better performance as the year goes on. Like I said, these are all factors that should prove to be temporary, and we expect to see gradual improvement as the year progresses. Q1 featured some very tangible signs of progress and clear evidence of sustainable improvement in results. Our U.S. Cereal business continued to gain share, reflecting the benefits of investing in our food and Kellogg sales reps. Our Big Three U.S. Cracker brands collectively grew sales, consumption and share. We generated growth in our Pringles brand in all four regions, reflecting our expansion of that brand's portfolio and presence around the world. Our business in Asia grew currency-neutral comparable net sales at a high single-digit rate, reflecting our commitment to emerging markets. And our joint ventures, though not consolidated in our net sales results, also provided excellent emerging markets growth. Meanwhile, Project K and zero-based budgeting initiatives, in conjunction with our underlying productivity initiatives, delivered strong efficiencies that contributed to a higher operating profit margin, so there's a lot to be encouraged about in Q1. Let's talk briefly about where this leaves us for the full year. Ron will get into the specifics of our guidance in a moment, but here's how I would summarize our outlook on a currency-neutral comparable basis. Our outlook for operating profit and earnings per share, excluding Venezuela, has not changed. We are on track. Including Venezuela, our outlook actually improves for sales, profit and earnings, owing to an earlier impact from inflationary pricing actions. We'll see a little more of our net sales growth coming from Venezuela, due to the pricing, and a little less from the rest of the business, which we now believe will finish the year with 0% to 2% net sales growth, excluding Venezuela. But remember, as the short-term factors I mentioned earlier get behind us, we continue to expect to build momentum as we go through the year. And with that, let me turn it to Ron for more details on the financials.
John A. Bryant: Sure, Rob. I think if you come back and look at the U.S. business over the last couple of years, we said there are two big brands in the U.S. that we needed to fix. One was Special K. One was Kashi. In both cases, where we've put on-trend food in the marketplace, we've seen consumers respond to that very positively. And you've seen those results come through in the U.S. results last year and into this year. Same is true in Canada. And, as I said in the prepared remarks, in Australia, we're also seeing significantly improved results through first quarter on the back of improved food that's more on-trend with what consumers are looking for. The same will be true in the UK. So we have four large cereal markets, U.S., Canada, Australia and the UK. The UK is the last one for us to turn, but we believe, again, putting the right food in the marketplace for consumers is going to make the difference. The Ancient Legends food that we had at Day at K is more of a granola, great taste, visible nutrition-type food, as is the Special K Nourish food that's being an important part of the Special K turnaround in the U.S. and the Special K Red Berries renovation in the U.S. we'll also have going into the UK market as well. A lot of those food changes, though, got cut into the shelf in the later part of Q1. So we do expect to see the business respond to that. I don't necessarily expect to see the European Cereal business get back to growth in this year, but, in many respects, that Cereal weakness in Europe is masking some very strong growth in other parts of the European business. So when you have Pringles up high single digits and Wholesome Snacks up high single digits, we clearly have the ability to execute if we have great food in the marketplace. We have great food behind Cereal. I have confidence we'll see our European top line trends improve as we go through this year.
John A. Bryant: I'm not sure the data you're looking at, Ken. I mean, Special K was up about 3% and gained 30 basis points of share. The Red Berries initiative, that part of the portfolio was still growing at north of 5%, so the brand is growing. There may be some timing of activity year-on-year where we launched Red Berries so you may be something in the near-in data that might look strange, but the underlying trends, as we see them – and now with Nourish just gearing up – we have some great seasonal items coming in Q3 as well on Special K. We think the brand is back on its stride. I mean, I don't think it's going to be growing double digit year-in, year-out, but it should be a contributor to growth across our core portfolio going forward, so we feel good that we've got it growing. I mentioned in Canada, where we've done something similar, the Canadian business is ticking up as well. And so when we think Core Six brands and growing across our major customers, K's a huge component part of that. And so, we're happy with the progress we've made.
John A. Bryant: And just on zero-based budgeting, it both delivers savings but also provides a great tool and mechanism just to challenge historical assumptions and to challenge in maybe some areas where some investment was happening that were not getting the return and move it to areas that we are getting good return. So it's not always just the savings that comes out of it so much as the underlying methodology and driving and pushing on key assumptions.
John A. Bryant: Sorry. I was going to turn to your Latin American question there for a second and margins in Latin America. As you look across the company, you can see us investing back in the emerging markets. So Asia Pacific and Latin America, we're not looking for as much, say, margin expansion as we are from North America and Europe. Within Latin America, within 2016, it's fair to say that we're seeing a little bit more economic softness and a little bit more challenges in the southern part of Latin America than what we would've liked to have seen. We do expect to see operating profit growth on a comparable basis, ex-Venezuela, in the region, but probably more low single digits and sales growth in the same sort of range, again, ex-Venezuela just reflecting the difficulty in the marketplace.
John A. Bryant: Well, David, as we discussed at Day at K and at CAGNY, we are committed to expanding our operating margins over time. We've set a goal of 17% to 18% operating margin by 2020. Clearly, we look very closely at what other companies are doing, our peer group and our competitors. One of the core values of the Kellogg Company is that we have the humility and hunger to learn. And we will look very closely at what's happening at Kraft Heinz and all the other companies in the industry. And if we see opportunities to improve the economics of our business and to drive shareholder value creation, we'll certainly pursue those.
John A. Bryant: Thank you all for your questions and interest in the Kellogg Company. At this time, I'd like to share with you the news that Ron Dissinger, our Chief Financial Officer for the past seven years, has decided to retire after 30 great years with the company. Ron has been a key member of our leadership team, combining a strong business acumen with a disciplined approach to finance. And I'm sure you all have enjoyed working with Ron as much as I have. It may not surprise you that Ron will be retiring in a very careful, deliberate way. He will remain the company's CFO through the end of 2016. This will give us proper time to do a thorough search, both internally and externally, for his successor. Ron will also stay on into 2017 to ensure an orderly and effective transition, so we'll have good continuity. Please join me in congratulating Ron on a wonderful career and in thanking him for his outstanding service. And that wraps up our call. Thank you and have a great day.
Paul T. Norman: Okay. So specifically, regarding the changes in Snacks, the change was designed to separate sales and merchandising functions within the sales force to enable better focus and execution between selling up and merchandising. It's as simple as that. It does come on top of previous investments we've made in our DSD, specifically sales force, in terms of technology, which obviously will unlock some of the benefits of the technology as we do this as well. So, it's separate from anything we've done in Morning Foods and feet on the street, but it is a continuation of us building more effective and efficient working practices within our DSD sales organization.
Paul T. Norman: Obviously, any disruptive change is disruptive. And so when you touch as many sales people, merchandisers in the context of customers, there is some disruption. So, many people find themselves in new roles calling on new stores. And so we anticipated that. We've seen a bit more on the incremental side in terms of display, especially on Cookies and Crackers, but we're largely through that now as we come into the month of May. And so, we expect things to pick up from here.
Paul T. Norman: It's interesting. I meet with a lot of customers. I haven't met a customer yet who doesn't want to engage with big brands to drive growth. So, I think our focus across all our categories is very much on building winning plans for our customers. The bigger the idea, the better you execute it, the more impact you'll have in-store. I think specifically to Kellogg, there's a little bit of timing in the Cereal business, where we were very strong last year in March, April because of The Avengers promotion. Our big idea this year is the Finding Dory movie, which launches in June. So there's a little bit of timing in there, but we feel very good about the quality of our plans, our brand communication and our innovation ideas as they come to market here.
Paul T. Norman: If you've seen the reported data, the Snacks business did pretty well on operating profit through the first quarter, so there's no real near-term impact on margins. There was some sales disruption, as I said, when it comes to our performance on display at the top line. Now, we're hopefully through that and we move forward. We expect this to be a more effective and more efficient way of operating going forward.
Paul T. Norman: No, there's no cost addition to this at all. In fact, it'll be more efficient and effective going forward.
Paul T. Norman: If you look at the Kashi business over the past 18 months or so now, or at least 15 months, we continue to see sequential improvement in the performance of the business. As you are aware, we put the team back in California just over a year ago. We're seeing especially our Cereal business perform a lot better. Share was flat in the first quarter. We're actually growing the business now in the Natural channel, and the team's been really working hard at building a pipeline of ideas to get back ahead in terms of a food-focused, mission-based operation. So we have new Kashi and Bear Naked cereals launching here now. We have savory granola bars launching at the end of the second quarter. We have some culturally-inspired crackers that I've spoke about before. We have granola bites coming from Bear Naked at the turn of the quarter as well in the third quarter. And we have a brand new range – which is shipping now – of Kashi GOLEAN and Kashi branded protein powders to lean into new segments with the brand. Of note, our Bear Naked Granola business is growing at a good mid-single to high single-digit click. So the Granola business in Bear Naked does well. One more part of the Kashi Company is Stretch Island Fruit Snacks, a very small business we don't talk a lot about, but that's growing at a strong double-digit rate as well. And we've reinvented that food, made it all organic, invested back in the food there as well. So there's been a lot of reinvestment in food to renovate and now a lot of innovation about to come, which gives us the confidence we're going to get this business back to growth over the coming months in 2016 and into 2017.
Paul T. Norman: Rob, it's Paul. Obviously, turning around Wholesome, as we said, is going to take a bit of time. And it does mean a focus on food and a focus on core brands. So Rice Krispie Treats is a great brand that plays in a certain segment within Wholesome Snacks and has been doing very well and it's a question of fueling its growth, so those things fit. When you come across to Nutri-Grain, looking forward on Nutri-Grain, it's really reinvesting in the core soft-bake bars. And we have two initiatives coming: one, a pumpkin spice initiative; another one with chocolate and raspberry, which is very close in to what Nutri-Grain stands for. Beyond that, as you lean towards the healthier, if you like, perceived elements of Wholesome Snacks, we've already renovated many of our base Special K bars. And since those renovations there are doing better; we are now bringing protein trail mix bars to Special K. And then the one or two brands that really I think need to step up and step in here to broaden out our portfolio and our growth are actually coming from Kashi and Bear Naked because they have really been absent over the last two, three years. And therefore, we're renovating our core Kashi granola bars. We're bringing new to the world savory bars on Kashi. We're bringing new granola bites from Bear Naked as we go into the end of the second quarter here. And you'll see more innovation coming on bars from Kashi and Bear Naked in that, what I would call, lifestyle performance area of Wholesome Snacks. So you have to look at the whole picture to think about how we innovate and renovate across every segment. Again, the turn's not going to come overnight, but we've spent a lot of time with a lot of customers talking about our view for the future, and there's a lot of encouragement coming about how our portfolio can play to win as we look forward.
Paul T. Norman: Maybe just to comment at a macro level, I think when the category was soft, and this is true for all of the large markets, it really had to do with some of the adult brands not doing well. And now the adult brands are doing much better, with Kashi coming back, with Special K, even a brand like Raisin Bran doing a lot better. And bringing adults back into the category and driving adult consumption, I think is what happened across the 2000. It helped drive the category then, and that's our focus as we drive forward here.
Paul T. Norman: Alexia, Paul. On the question about space in-store and retailers, we're not seeing anything at a macro level, but different retailers obviously have different strategies as to how they manage the category. So we have seen in instances, for example, number of sizes reduced in certain retailers, but we've also seen an increase in space for natural and organic, which has benefited, obviously, brands like Kashi for us. So I think it really is a quest of always looking to maximize assortment. And we spend a lot of our time trying to maximize assortment holding power behind the fastest moving biggest items. So to me, it's very much a question about sales fundamentals and back to this notion of customers want big brands to grow. We need bigger, better ideas to help them grow. And so nothing at a macro level, but every retailer is different in terms of their strategy.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Ken, it's Ron. We're confident in the $100 million. There is no doubt about that. So we're still on track within North America to deliver against that. As I mentioned on our fourth quarter call, our international regions would start progressing their zero-based budgeting initiatives early in the year. They have done so. They're identifying targets, assessing the discretionary spend across similar categories as to what we did in North America. That is progressing extremely well. We do expect to see a little bit of savings from the international regions in 2016, but most of that will come into 2017. North America, by the way, also in the first quarter, was on plan. We had embedded the zero-based budget savings into their plan, and they were on or slightly above plan, frankly. So we're in good shape on the program.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Well, Alexia, first on the category and channel mix, so across the business, we're seeing a little bit more adverse mix as a result of some of our big developed Cereal markets and the trends in those businesses and, as Paul mentioned, the transition that we're doing in U.S. Snacks, very profitable business for us both from a gross margin standpoint and profitability standpoint. So as they go through that transition, sales were down a little bit more than we had expected. That had an adverse impact on our mix. And as we're growing in some of our emerging markets, we're seeing a little bit adverse impact in mix. But as I said in the prepared remarks, we expect this to improve as we progress through the course of the year and we build momentum on our sales outlook.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yeah, so, first, in terms of their cost savings that we're seeing, zero-based budgeting and Project K as well, it's spread relatively evenly over the course of the year. So we saw savings within the first quarter and we'll see savings as we progress through the year as well. In terms of Venezuela, as I mentioned, we did this remeasurement at the middle of 2015. So we'll be past that after the second quarter. We do expect our sales trends to improve. And as those sales trends improve, that will improve our profitability performance. Remember, we've guided 4% to 6% operating profit growth on our ex-Venezuela business. We delivered 2% in the first quarter. So as you'd expect, we'll see more growth going through the balance of the year.
Ronald L. Dissinger: No. Bryan, you're thinking about it correctly. When we started the year, on the fourth quarter call, I said expect our comparable earnings per share, and that includes the impact to currency, to be spread relatively evenly across the four quarters of the year. We did deliver a little bit more in the first quarter. And we said that might come out of the second quarter. And some of that is related to the timing of investments and activations that we're doing against our commercial programs and our renovations as we move into the second quarter. So expect the second quarter to be a little bit lower than the average of the four quarters now.
