Steve Cahillane: There's a lot of puts and takes when you think about 2021 guidance versus 2020, which is why we keep going back to 2019, ex-divestiture and talking about that as kind of a pretty relevant base year and looking at a two-year CAGR. Because when you look at areas like away from home, which will recover and on-the-go consumption, which will recover, that's going to offset some deceleration that we're seeing, but because you're not going to have another surge in March and elevated demands like April and May, it's going to remain elevated versus 2019 but not at the same levels as 2021. Getting back to away from home, the reason we think that will recover slightly more slowly for us is because we over index and travel leisure, areas like that, which we think will recover more slowly, travel won't come back quite as quickly as perhaps, people going to the office and being on-the-go. So lots of puts and takes in terms of what's going to happen by brand, by category by geography. And the biggest COVID impacts that we saw were clearly North America, Europe, very proud of what the team did in Europe in pivoting away from the Euro soccer championship and towards gaming, we do think that soccer will come -- we're hopeful that soccer will come back in some ways in 2021. So there's a lot in the guidance, but what we have really done is try COVID impacts in 2020, as we think about 2021, look at the 2019 base and put together winning plans, by category, by geography, by brand that gets us exactly to where we are today, when we talk about the 2021 guidance and rolls up into the net sales operating profit, EPS that we that we talked about. So I don't know Amit, if you want to add anything to that.
Steve Cahillane: No, we're going to be pretty flattish. So we've talked about brand building, being exactly where we think it needs to be overall. And we like where we are. We like the way we were positioned, as we said, in the last call, that we would keep our brand building pretty much at budget in 2020, which meant a big shift from the first half to the second half, for what are now obvious reasons. So we'll smooth that out in 2021. But we know we don't need a big resurgence, we like where we are in terms of investing in our brands. We'd like the way we're exiting this year, with the equity that we built in the brand and the money that we spent behind the brands. Now you look across our categories and what we've done, with all of our big brands, we feel very good about where we are.
Steve Cahillane: We were capacity constrained as we exited the year, nobody anticipated obviously, the type of year that cereal would have, no category grew nearly 9%, slowed down a little bit in the second half, but still five, six percentage growth. So we work very hard all year to keep up with demand and keep our service levels as high as we possibly could. And we ended the year with a flat share performance slipped a little in the fourth quarter, as you noted, almost all of that slippage was due to Frosted Flakes, where, because of capacity, we had to back away from promotions, you can see that in the syndicated data, down 20% in incremental sales, because we couldn't execute against the mission Tiger program and we wanted to keep our service levels, where retailers deserve them to be. So we didn't give up promotional slots. And nearly all of our share declined in the fourth quarter was due to Frosted Flakes. Now as we enter 2021, we continue to build against capacity, we continue to make good improvements. And we continue to be very optimistic as we go through the first half of this year, we're going to get better and better in terms of that capacity. And therefore, we'll get better and better in terms of our sheer performance.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So Robert, as we looked at it, we aim to do better, right, but there's a lot of uncertainty. And recall, we returned to grow through a deploy for growth strategy. So it gets us back to where we said we would be and where we wanted to be based on our strategic planning stance. It could be better in retail, it could be better in certain categories, it could be slightly worse in a way from home depending on how that recovery happens. So we think it's a prudent planning stance but as we always say, we aim to do better and hopefully we will.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Chris. So I'll start first, as we've said, in the past, our goal is to always gain share. And so we finished the year globally with holding or gaining share in over 80% of our category, country combinations, where there's measured data, so we feel good about that. In terms of the U.S., in particular, which you referenced, I did talk about the U.S. Rtech, where we held share for the full year, but we lost 50 basis points a share in the fourth quarter much of that due to capacity limitations that we had which I already mentioned. And so, our plan for 2021, we think in Rtech in ready to eat cereal is a winning plan. But if I look at some of the other categories for the full year and even the fourth quarter, if you look at the U.S. snacks business in and crackers, we gained share for the full year and we gained share in the fourth quarter. So we gained 50 basis points of cracker share in the fourth quarter in salty, which the category was explosive in the full year, gained about 12.5 of volume, we were up 11. So, based on our size, down ever so slightly but in the fourth quarter actually, we performed nearly 15% growth against the category of 10%. So we actually even did better in salty, our Pringles business. If I look at the portable wholesome snacks category, obviously a lot of on-the-go, so a category that was under pressure. For the full year and the fourth quarter, we had tremendous share performances. So we gained 250 basis points a share for the full year, 390 basis points in the fourth quarter, and that was great performance by Pop-Tarts, Rice Krispies treats, Nutri-Grain returned to growth in the fourth quarter. And then, if I look at Frozen, from the Griddle or Eggo business, obviously, terrific year, again, some capacity limitations for us but we gained 150 basis points of share in the fourth quarter, which was better than our -- is online with our full year performance. And then finally, on the vegan, which has got a lot of attention, because it's an explosive growth category. We were capacity constrained again there because nobody planned for the type of explosive growth. But we were up for the full year 24%, which wasn't enough to gain share, we lost, one basis point a share. But in the fourth quarter, we did better. We cut that share decline more than in half, we lost 40 basis points and we're up 20%. So that's a pretty good performance there. So in the categories where we didn't gain share, we were still growing double digits is another way to look at it. So that's why we like where our brand building is, we think it's been very, very productive. We measure every ROI by brand by category. And we think we entered 2021 with a lot of good momentum in our brands, in our categories and a good outlook for share performance in 2021.
Steve Cahillane: We're catching up right now. So we're in good shape. The Incogmeato launch continues to go forward. We're adding chick flavors to that, we got some great innovations around chicken. And so we feel good about where the capacity is right now relative to the demand.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So Rob, I'd start by just reminding all of us that Incogmeato launched during the pandemic, so very difficult time to launch. But having said that, we're happy with where we are. And it also remind us that it is a sub-brand of MorningStar Farms. And MorningStar Farms finished the year with 25% consumption growth. So hardly a brand that's been disrupted but clearly a brand that is doing very, very well, despite some of the capacity constraints that I mentioned. Having said that, we did launch Incogmeato, we're up to about a 4 point share. When we look at our velocities relative to some of the smaller players, we're exceeding those velocities. When we look at the velocities compared to early MorningStar Farm launches at the same stage. We're ahead of those velocities as well. And as I said, we've got these chicken offerings, including Disney royalty chicken offerings that are coming to the fore right now. So we feel very good about where the whole MorningStar Farms performance is. And we continue to innovate around MorningStar Farms, but also Incogmeato, we're bullish about this and 25% consumption growth is pretty good.
Amit Banati: No. I think, like you said, Steve, our focus, at least from a planning stance was to look at it from a two year standpoint. And if you kind of look at the two year CAGRs, they are of off a growth standpoint, 2.5% on the top-line 3% to 4% on the bottom-line, and then on the EPS 4% to 5%.
Amit Banati: Okay. So let me start with the first question on commodities. I think we closed out 2020 with input cost inflation in the mid-single digits. And this was mostly offset by the productivity all the way through quarter four. I think we have seen green and energy markets rebound sharply in recent months, just on near term supply, demand and other factors. I think from our exchange traded commodity standpoint, we are well hedged through the first half of 2021 and roughly around 70% level of hedging coverage for the year. So I think, in terms of total inflation for 2021, we expect that to be higher than what we've experienced in 2020 but still in the mid-single digit rates. And I think we'd be looking to offset that with our usual productivity programs, with revenue growth management. And overall, as we've guided, we'd expect our gross margin to be up on a two-year basis, obviously, in this in 2020, our gross margin was up 60 basis points. And on a two-year basis, we'd still expect gross margins to be up and from a '21 standpoint, we'd be aiming for our gross margins to be stable.
Amit Banati: No. I think Steve; you've covered it, on the clock. It's in line with our internal plans. And I talked about underlying at home demand remaining elevated. But no question, we will have to lap last year's surges, particularly in March. And it's interesting, as we've gone into further lockdowns, we haven't seen that panic buying that we saw in March. So that's something that we'll have to lap. On away from home, we've assumed that, it is moderate. But over the course of the year and sitting here today they still remain depressed. So that's the assumption. And then from emerging market standpoint, we had a relatively strong year in 2020. So we're continuing to plan on growth in emerging markets. But we've been cautious and prudent in terms of the macro conditions in emerging markets. So I think those are some of the assumptions and the way we've approached the guidance.
Amit Banati: Well, I think, from a two-year standpoint you're looking at organic growth, 2.5% on the top-line and then EPS growth at around 4% to 5%. And then the cash flow conversion, we've had an exceptional year of cash flow conversion in 2020, now to 100%. I think in 2021, there are some timing differences. So, some of the accruals will be paid out in 2021. But our conversion, even in 2021, we're targeting, in the mid 70s to 80% conversion. And then, if you adjust for the pension income that runs through our P&L, that's about 15% adjustment, it gets us to go high 90s. So, I think from an overall standpoint it's balanced. In 2020, we demonstrated, we delivered balanced delivery and certainly the guidance for 2021 calls for that for another year of that.
