Steven A. Cahillane: Thanks, John, and hello, everyone. I'm excited to be here. Let me first thank John for his service and a very effective transition. I'm glad to have him staying on as Chairman into March of next year. I'm only four weeks into the job, but I've had the opportunity to review the commercial and supply chain plans of most of our businesses. And what I've learned has only confirmed that I made the right decision to come to Kellogg. First, we've got incredible brands, outstanding food and a strong culture. These factors have made Kellogg special for over a century. Second, the company's on sound financial footing. Project K included some very aggressive actions, and Zero-Based Budgeting required the entire organization to change the way it works. The cost structure has been reduced, underlying profitability has been improved and returns on investment are improving. And third, based on what I've seen over the past few weeks, the company can and will return to top-line growth. Key elements are already in growth, from Pringles to our Frozen Foods brands, to our Specialty Channels businesses, to our expanding emerging market presence. The entire organization is hungry to get back to growth, and it's open to new ideas. For instance, our 1894 venture capital fund invests in early stage technology and food businesses. We've been experimenting with direct-to-consumer for our Bear Naked brand, and we're learning from the pop-up cafes we've opened up around the world. And as evidenced by the acquisition of RXBAR, we're even willing to acquire growth. This is not a company that's sitting on its hands. So Kellogg is already doing many of the right things to get back on track amidst a very challenging industry environment, particularly around cost structure and emerging market scale. Businesses are starting to turn, and there's more we can do, so I'm very excited. I'll have more thoughts to share after my first 100 days or roughly the time of CAGNY. I look forward to working with all of you in the investor community. So for now, I'll turn it back to John and the rest of the business update.
Steven A. Cahillane: Thanks, John. I would just reiterate that I feel extremely confident about the potential of this company. Results are coming in as expected and there is a lot of energy around getting back to sustainable profitable growth. I'm not in a position right now to give any guidance on 2018, as we are still evaluating our business units' plans. But I can tell you that there is a high degree of confidence in our expected cost savings and I'm very encouraged by the commitment of the organization to getting back to top-line growth. We are stabilizing soft elements of the business. We are gaining traction in growing elements of our business. And we have a lot of great ideas that can take us further. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Steven A. Cahillane: Yeah, Neil, (36:47) I'll take that question. This is Steve. We are not giving any formal guidance for 2018. What I would tell you, however, the time that I spent reviewing the businesses, there is tremendous visibility into our cost programs. There's a lot of momentum that's been happening around the transformation of this business. And even if you look at Q3 at 17.6% operating profit margin, we're well on track. And so we'll be spending the next 90 days or so, Fareed and I, along with John, traveling around the businesses really understanding exactly where the opportunities are, so that we can strike the right balance between top-line growth and continued margin expansion.
Steven A. Cahillane: Again, just to reiterate, we're not going to give any 2018 guidance, but we are well on track to achieve those goals based on all the terrific work that's been happening around the transformation, around DSD, around Zero-Based Budgeting, Project K. So it gives us great momentum going into 2018. We just want to take the time, and for me to do exactly what you'd expect me to do, which is review all the businesses, look for the best opportunities to strike the right balance between top-line growth and what's continued to be excellent margin expansion.
Steven A. Cahillane: Yes. No, thanks, Andrew. I think the pessimism around this category and U.S. food, I think, is overdone, in my estimation. There's going to be winners, and there's going be those who don't win. And I think Kellogg is uniquely positioned to be one of the winners. You've got great brands, great food, great people here, a great culture. You're not going find a more iconic company than Kellogg. And so the opportunity to come here was very humbling, but I also see tremendous opportunities for growth. And, as I've traveled around, I've seen those growth opportunities. They exist already. Look at Pringles globally and how well that's doing, what opportunities exist there. You hear Paul talk about the Frozen business, Eggo and Morningstar Farms; terrific brands growing very well with lots of momentum. The emerging markets and the opportunities in emerging markets and the JVs that we formed already, tremendous opportunities for growth. And you saw what we recently did with RXBAR, filling in a space that we weren't participating in with a terrific brand that's right on-trend. And so, as I looked at the opportunity, I saw tremendous opportunity for growth, a wonderful opportunity to join the most iconic of American companies, a great culture, love the people that I met. And so I couldn't be happier with the choice, and I see really tremendous opportunity for us moving forward.
Steven A. Cahillane: Yeah, thanks, Rob. I certainly hope I can bring some new thinking in best practices, but I'm also humble enough to know that I'm joining the original health and wellness company, as I said before, very iconic with fantastic brands. And again, I see tremendous opportunities in many of the brands in all the categories. Some of the questions people ask is can cereal grow. And even within that, you see the kids' brands in the U.S. becoming stable. You see a great story in the UK with Corn Flakes return turn to double-digit growth on the back of really strong marketing programs. And I'm confident if we get the adult portfolio marketed properly around contemporary health and wellness, there's even opportunity there to continue to grow that. And then you look back at some of the areas that are already growing that I mentioned, Pringles globally, the Eggo business, Morningstar Farms, emerging markets, there's a lot of opportunities to grow this business. And it's not that there's a dearth of opportunities where we really have to search far and wide for that little gem. There's a lot. And so we have the opportunity to really evaluate where those opportunities are, make the right resource allocation decisions, and really put the pedal down on some of these areas of high growth. This company is not without strong brands. In fact, there's many, many brands across many categories and geographies. So I'll be spending the next 90 days really evaluating all those opportunities, evaluating the business plans. John's been a tremendous partner. We've been traveling all around the world, along with Fareed, to really evaluate these plans. And right about the fourth quarter call, we'll be talking about 2018, where we want to take 2018. And I'm looking forward to seeing all of you at CAGNY, where we'll be more fulsome about exactly where these opportunities are and where we believe we can really create long-term value for our shareholders.
Paul T. Norman: Hey, Ken. It's Paul. Obviously, I'm not going to talk about competitors. We're pretty much focused on doing our job and that's rebuilding momentum. And I feel good about our plan and the strength of our plan in Q4. We're reinvesting in, obviously, significant amounts of brand-building here behind a pull model. We're reinvesting in in-store promotions behind a more focused assortment and we are driving more impactful, larger displays in key positions in stores. When you exit DSD, you're always going to lose some tertiary and secondary displays, but the benefits of shipping through warehouse is that we can drive some big impact displays across our biggest brands as we build momentum into what will be a strong Q1 as well from an innovation point of view and our ability to leverage the Power of K in-store going forward across one delivered platform. So we're focused on getting the momentum back in our brands. And our plans look very strong year-to-go.
Paul T. Norman: Okay. Steve. As it regards Morning Foods and cereal, specifically, we're not seeing points of distribution or things happen at a category level, per se. We are, obviously, disappointed with our performance this year. And we're not hitting our plan. We're hitting our plan on many elements around kids and productivity where we're not hitting our plan has been around our biggest adult brands. And that shortfall on brands like Mini-Wheats and Special K and, to a certain degree, Raisin Bran, is what's driving a softer category performance this year. The category's going be down between 2% and 3%. And some of that, quite frankly, is on us. We need to now pivot and reassert our health and wellness credentials on those adult brands, increasing claims, news and innovation around those brands as we go into next year. So I've mentioned probiotics on Special K. We have news coming on Raisin Bran. And one thing we'll talk to you about in coming months is some more transformational innovation coming to the category around the area of digestive health and convenience as we look to really stimulate adult growth within the cereal category. As you go back over time, this category has always responded, over the past 50 years, to health and wellness, whether it was fortification, fiber, oat bran, low calorie, low fat in the 1990s and 2000s. We need to drive the health credentials of the category. And that's what our plan is as we go into next year, whilst continue to drive fun and taste and versatility, and, as John said, big consumer excitement engagement through big properties and fun in-store. So that's really where we're headed. And I'm very much focused forward right now on those things.
Paul T. Norman: Hey, David. It's Paul. It's hard for me to give you a sense of the exact volume declines, but remember what we said coming into this. There is a 50% to 20% SKU rationalization that will obviously not have that amount of impact on our business, but will have a limited impact. We hope to gain space on some of our core items to get a more powerful assortment there. At the same time, we said and we knew we would get fewer displays as we came out of DSD but more impactful displays. And we pulled right back on promotions and display support through a period of three to four months here to be able to operate effectively in what is a new model for the Snacks team. We have now pivoted. Brand-building was up in Q3 and will be up much more in Q4. Our investment in promotions and in-store support with our customers is now beginning to come to life as we reinvest behind these biggest brands, and that will continue as we go into next year. I'm optimistic we will see consumption improvement in the coming weeks and months on this business. We have a strong innovation pipeline coming at the beginning of the year, so that will accelerate into next year from a consumption point of view. So we're now, if you like, the transition is behind us in many ways. We're now very much focused on operating effectively in a warehouse-delivered model, which we think we can do because we do it across our other businesses.
Paul T. Norman: It's a good question, David. Our business is responding in the way we expected it to. So all of our key metrics are right where the team expected them to be. It takes a lot of work in-store to make sure tags and placement and compliance is there across 20,000-plus stores, which we used to call on twice a week. But so far so good, and we'll continue to improve as we go forward. So there's nothing outside of our assumptions in our business case at the moment that would worry us. Like I say, we're just focused on getting back to growth with our customers and then obviously working with our customers in a new delivered environment, where we can also help them from a cost to serve point of view as we're on one platform now and build those joint value-creating plans in ways that we couldn't before, which I think will be really important looking forward.
Paul T. Norman: Absolutely, Brian. When we laid out the business plan when we started this at the beginning of the year, this was really based on a set of consumer-based and shopper-based assumptions, which is exactly what you said. Investing money in a go-to market mechanism or operating model, the consumers don't see the benefit from, quite frankly, was not where we wanted to be. So those resources are now going into focusing on how and where the shopper shops. Whether that's brand-building in old-fashioned ways or new-fashioned ways from a shopper point of view, reaching those shoppers in whichever retail environment they choose to shop, that's exactly what we're doing. We're also investing more resources, people resources, against where the growth channels are in our business. So we're seeing, for example, eCommerce in North America in Q3 grew over 60%. So like every company, winning where the shopper shops in new environments, be that pure play or click-and-collect is right up there on our agenda. And investing in capabilities, whether it be supply chain, marketing, sales in that environment, is where some of these dollars are going. Also remember some of the highest growth potential brands in our portfolio, Pringles, Cheez-It, Rice Krispies Treats, these brands are going get significantly more brand-building, way up there in the double digits for the next year, as we look to accelerate those brands. Whether that's TV, media type investments, whether it's customer focused investments, whether it's capital into pack/price format investments to make sure that we have exactly the right offering in the right channel to fit the consumers and the shoppers' needs. What we said we're doing, we're going to do, and you'll see it come through in the months to come into next year.
Paul T. Norman: Thanks, John. As I look forward on our portfolio, as I emphasized, it's less about absolute money or share of voice as it used to be. It's more about getting the right ideas behind the right brands. We have a great set of existing core brands, the Core 6, as we call them. They cover 70% of the needs when it comes to the category, number one. We have to up our game on brands like Mini-Wheats, Special K, and Raisin Bran to bring, as Steve said, contemporary health and wellness credentials to those brands. We're down the track on Special K. And we're seeing the brand begin to respond, not only in the U.S. but around the world. And we're bringing more, in the way of probiotics to Special K next year. Raisin Bran and Mini-Wheats, we can do a lot more to pull out the wellness credentials of those brands and talk to consumers about them. This isn't category work, per se. This is brand work relevant to consumer needs, brand-on-brand. I've spoken before about how the category's always been driven over time, actually through nutrition. Whether it was fortification back in the 1950s, fiber, oat bran in the 1970s and 1980s, and then for a long while here, low calorie, low fat drove the Special K brand in particular and the category for years. Now, I believe gut health and science is coming back to nutrition and nutrition in the cereal category. We're well placed as a category to actually find tailwinds in nutrition in the months and years to come. It's good for cereal and it's good for our emphasis on health and wellness. You add the Kashi brands and the Kashi business to that as well and we have a on-trend set of brands, I think, for the 10 years to come. The critical thing, though, is finding great commercial ideas, renovation and innovation that can bring to life those trends in unique ways for our brands. Our portfolio and our category is uniquely placed to do that. It's incumbent on us to do it. So that's really where our focus is. 35%,36% of the cereal consumption in the U.S. today happens outside of the breakfast occasion. That trend's only increasing and will only continue to increase as you think of demographics and age cohorts going forward here. And so we are agnostic to what time of day we communicate the benefits of our foods. And we'll communicate to everybody, wherever they are throughout the day, these benefits. We've had great success with some of our kid brands against millennials in certain dayparts, like the evening, and we will continue to drive our portfolio where it makes sense to fit people's days. The final thing I'll mention is we do need to still bring transformational innovation to cereal, okay, and to the breakfast occasion, which means investing more, maybe, in new alternatives in the area of digestive health and/or convenience. And we're working hard on that. And hopefully, you'll see some transformational innovation ideas come out of our company over the next few months here that show that we are investing to grow our business across these key categories.
