John A. Bryant: Thanks, John, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. We are pleased to report another quarter of operating profit margin expansion. Obviously, we're still challenged as to our top-line (2:07) growth. Part of this is an industry-wide dynamic, as you all know, and part of this is our exposure to a shift in weight management trends that affected one of our biggest brands, Special K. That's why it's so important that we continue to make progress on four key priorities we've been updating you on over the past several months. First, investment in food and packaging, which was evident: in Kashi, where we completed the conversion of the entire portfolio to non-GMO; in Frozen Foods, where we completed a packaging transition; and in Special K, cereal and bars, in several markets, as we reframed the brand to inner strength. All of these investments have the consumer in mind and all require near-term investment and transition, but all will bring back growth in the future. Second, expansion of Pringles, which was reflected in continued growth worldwide, be it because of adding distribution, expanding new platforms like Tortilla or accelerating single-serve offerings. Our On-the-Go (3:06) brand is growing at a solid mid-single digit rate. Third, enhancing our sales capabilities, which continued as we launched broader revenue growth management capabilities in certain business units. This moves us beyond trade optimization and analytics toward price/pack architecture and other ways to ensure that we have the right price, on the right pack, for the right occasion. We completed the organization of our DSD selling and merchandising organization, which will offer improved effectiveness. We continue to expand distribution in high-frequency stores, particularly in emerging markets. This investment in execution will benefit us going forward. And finally, but perhaps most important in today's industry environment, we made notable progress increasing our earnings visibility based on our strong productivity programs. Not only did we record a higher operating profit margin in the quarter, we also made good progress launching and executing initiatives that will improve our margins for the rest of the year and beyond. We continue to be on track with Project K. We continue to deliver on Zero-Based Budgeting in North America, while rolling it out internationally. And our guidance for 2016 now incorporates higher Zero-Based Budgeting savings, with more of it applying to earnings. This is a key driver behind our more positive stance towards our 2016 earnings guidance. As we stated at our Day at K Investor Day, we recognize that margin expansion is a major opportunity in the food industry, and we are committed to making significant progress against this objective. Today, we are announcing an expansion and acceleration of our margin expansion plans. As Slide 4 indicates, we now have a plan that can realize approximately 350 basis points of improvement in our currency-neutral comparable OP margin through the year 2018. This is a bit more and two years earlier than previously communicated. The chart shows you the key drivers of our margin expansion. The first bucket is productivity. We will continue to generate our ongoing 3% to 4% productivity to offset inflation. And we are expanding Zero-Based Budgeting in the U.S., while rolling it out internationally. Also, we will continue to look for additional Project K initiatives that will help us achieve this 350 basis point improvement with the potential for further savings beyond 2018. We will also be looking into ways to improve our price realization. We are now establishing more formal revenue growth management disciplines around the world, an extension of the trade analytics we have always done, to help us get better at price realization. The next area of focus is investing for impact. Our investment model has to change with today's consumer and technology, and we've been rethinking how we support and build our brands to the highest possible return on investment on every dollar we invest. This could mean less reinvestment going forward and more productivity savings going to profit margin. The last bucket has to do with making sure our foods are on-trend. This involves a more impactful approach to renovation and innovation. We are moderating our net sales growth outlook for the next couple of years to roughly flat. This reflects the current industry dynamics, but also reflects some of these margin expansion efforts, particularly where they touch upon price elasticity and portfolio optimization. It enables (6:30) a stronger portfolio and stronger earnings strength. We'll provide more detail in the coming months. With that, let me turn it over to Ron to walk you through the financials for Q2 and 2016.
John A. Bryant: As I said on DSD, obviously, it's a powerful go-to-market engine. It's one that we constantly look to optimize and improve. Over the years, we've taken things in and out of DSD and we're always looking to make that system more effective and efficient. So we've seen some good progress. We're very excited to have the reorganization behind us. We expect to see the business be stronger in the back half of the year. We're making good progress.
John A. Bryant: It's a good question. As we think about brand-building it's an important part of our mix. What drives our categories are strong brands, strong innovation, good in-market in-store execution. And as we continue to have industry-leading levels of brand-building and we continue to invest in our brands, how we invest in the brands is obviously changing, so the importance of TV versus digital, social, mobile, etc. all that is changing the mix. As we do that and we apply Zero-Based Budgeting to our principles to that work, we're finding: one, we can do some of the non-working activity at a lower cost without impacting the amount of activity that we actually do; and secondly, by changing the mix, we can actually get a better impact and potentially at lower cost. So I'm not going to give you guidance over the next few years as to where brand-building will go, but I think it's fair to say that we probably can see our brand-building come down a little bit from where it is and continue to drive very strong brands into the future.
John A. Bryant: Yeah, so we are launching a greater focus on revenue growth management in the company. As you'd expect, we've always had a focus on it, but what we've historically focused on, a lot has been trade analytics. And we're finding there's opportunities in some other areas, such as price/pack architecture, and, of course, continue to drive a focus on mix. And for those of you who followed the Kellogg Company through the 2000s, we had a significant benefit in price realization in what we called a volume-to-value model orientation. We're actually bringing that orientation back to the company to ensure that we are focused on price/mix. Our price/mix realization as a company has actually been lagging our peer group over the last few years. And so, I don't view this as a radical shift. I view this is an increased focused in this area. And I really want to see better performance from the company going forward. To give you an example, since we have Deanie on the call, I'll let Deanie talk about one example in the Snacks business.
John A. Bryant: So we are continuing to reinvest back in our business, as you mentioned. We've invested back in our sales capabilities. We're also investing back in our food. I think Kashi is an example of investing to go non-GMO is a major investment by the company. And so we'll continue to ensure our food and packaging is on-trend as we go forward. And so there will continue to be investments in that area. So as part of our margin goal, we do have an expectation to reinvest some level of savings back into the business. We are giving a sales guidance here over next couple of years of flat, and that's less than what we would normally do. A couple of reasons for that; one is what we're seeing is from an economic model perspective, from an analyst perspective, if you put in flat sales and the 350 basis points of margin expansion, we think it's a good way of modeling the company. Quite frankly, we will shoot to do better than that and actually grow the top-line from an internal perspective, but we're not relying upon that to get to the operating margin expansion. The margin expansion is coming more from productivity and price/mix realization rather than, say, volume-type growth. In addition to all of that, as we go through the next few years, we might see some elasticity as we improve the price realization. And we might see some parts of the portfolio that is lower profit, that we de-emphasize as we continue to grow other parts of our business, such as Pringles, which has been growing mid to high single digits the last couple of years.
John A. Bryant: Thank you for giving the opportunity to clarify if that's a concern out there. I feel very good about the progress we're making on the top line. If you look back over the last three or four years, we've talked about the importance of stabilizing the large four core cereal businesses. I'm happy to say that if you look at the U.S., Canada and Australia, if you look at the measured data, you can see the categories are stable and our share is stable across those three businesses. The U.K. continues to be a work in progress. That's one we're not happy with its performance, but we expect to see improving results in the back half of the year in the U.K. So core Cereal is looking a lot better than it was, say, a couple years ago. Special K has been a major drag. In fact, pretty much all the loss of sales the company has had over the last few years has been Special K. And what you're seeing in markets like Canada and the U.S., particularly in Cereal, that business has stabilized. And we've still got some work to do in some snacks, extensions of Special K, but we're feeling better there. And so we do think that the growth from Pringles and so on will keep coming through. An element of why we're being cautious and saying flat sales again, is because, one, we're being, I think, prudent from a modeling perspective. And clearly, if we can get sales growth, it will give us even more flexibility in the P&L. So one, I think we're trying to avoid overstating expectations, over-cooking expectations, so we're being prudent on the economics. And secondly, as we do drive for more price realization, as we do deemphasize some lower profit elements of the portfolio, we might see some drag on the top-line, but it's a drag that I wouldn't be concerned about, because we're building a stronger core business over time with a better growth profile. So I think we're just giving prudent guidance at this stage.
John A. Bryant: On Kashi, we feel very good about where we are from an investment perspective. So now we have the entire portfolio GMO-free, we can turn the marketing program on in the back half of the year. We had a very strong slate of innovation go through here at the middle of the year, so we expect to see Kashi return to growth in the back half of the year. Now, there are some parts of the Kashi business, some frozen pizza items and some other items, that we've culled out of the portfolio, so that might continue to drag on the business, but they were relatively low margin segments of the portfolio anyway. So we feel good about where we are in Kashi in terms of positioning it for long-term growth. If I could just say on K and the Other (55:14) because that is a part of the portfolio that did drag in the second quarter, so a few quick comments more broadly on that segment. Three businesses in there, one is Frozen Foods. In Frozen Foods, Eggo is actually doing reasonably well when you add in non-measured channels. MorningStar Farms has gone through a very difficult packaging transition. That's now complete; turning on the marketing in the back half of the year for that business. And also we did cull out some SKUs on the Eggo business at the end of last year. So when you add all that together, it's had a bit of a rough first half. We do expect Frozen Foods to return to growth in the second half of the year. Canada, we had significant transactional foreign exchange issues in Canada. We've increased our promotional price points. That's going to lead to some disruption in the market as that sort of settles it's way in. So I think Canada will have a tough year. It's the right long-term decision, but it's going to come with a little bit of short-term pain as we go through that. And then Kashi, as I said, we do expect Kashi to return to growth in the back half of the year and feel better about it. So in the back half of the year, we have two of the three businesses within North America Other returning to growth. And we think that the segment will look better in the back half than the front half.
John A. Bryant: No. Look, we haven't given that sort of guidance. I think we'll wait until each annual discussion when we provide more color as to why it is what it is. But clearly, within a flat sales guidance, you would expect volume to be down a little bit and price/mix providing some benefit. And again, let me reiterate, internally, we'll chase better numbers than that, but we don't want to promise those numbers. Clearly, we want to deliver them, though, when the time comes.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, everyone. I appreciate the time on the call and John Renwick and the team are available for follow-up calls throughout the day. Thank you.
Adrienne Deanie Elsner: Just to add to that, John, as I talked about the price/pack architecture and specifically the expansion in formats, we have the opportunity in our current grocery channels, that are serviced by DSD, to expand the formats in those channels as well as outside of the traditional grocery channels. And so we will be pushing those initiatives into our DSD system.
Adrienne Deanie Elsner: Yeah, and John is exactly right. The opportunity for Kellogg is greater price realization across all three levers of revenue growth management. So I mentioned earlier the Cheez-It example. And in Cheez-It, we assessed our portfolio pricing across all of our channels. We expanded our formats to meet the needs of consumers by channel and that included large sizes and On-the-Go and smaller sizes, in addition to opening price points. The format's changed by channel. We optimized our trade and that gets really to the trade optimization that John talked about, is a towering strength of Kellogg's and the results and you can see them in Q2, consumption is up 5.4%. We've had strong volume mix. Our base sales are up. Our distribution is up and our operating margin has expanded. And so when you look at revenue growth management holistically and in totality across all three levers, there really is strong opportunity for the Kellogg Company going forward.
Adrienne Deanie Elsner: Yeah, I'd love to, Dave. It's never productive to comment on competitors, but I'll give you a perspective of how we are looking at the category. For me, the category dynamics appear pretty rational. If you look both across Cookies and Crackers, both categories are up in consumption. Average price is up in both categories, both on a per pound basis as well as a per unit basis. Quality merchandising is flat. Features and displays are up, displays are down. (51:32) So it's pretty rational of what you'd expect; it is more competitive. And I can tell you as we look at this from a Kellogg standpoint, our pricing is very similar to what we're seeing in the category. Our price per pound and per unit, both in cookies and crackers, are up versus year ago in the quarter, but ultimately in the long run to win in this category, you have to do three things. You've got to invest in your brands. You've got to launch innovation consumers' love and you have to drive in-store excitement. And so we're going to continue down our playbook in terms of how to go win in this category. And you'll see us doing that both in Cookies on Keebler as well as a couple of our regional brands as well as in the big three in Crackers.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, Matthew. In short, yes, we are. And let me just run through some of the elements of that 350 basis points of margin expansion. And remember, that's off of a 2015 base. And it's also important to note that, that expansion is based on essentially a flat sales expectation. So, of course, we have a continuation of Project K savings and we've talked about this before. As we look at 2017, 2018, we have in the range of $130 million to $150 million worth of savings. Our Zero-Based Budgeting program, we communicated for 2016, $150 million to $180 million. We now have visibility for both North America and our international businesses, of savings over that period of $450 million to $500 million. So that's over a three-year period, 2016 through 2018. The other thing, as we discussed we're doing, is we're putting a more concerted effort behind revenue growth management, to generate stronger price and mix improvement. So we have very good line of sight to achieve that margin expansion goal on essentially a flat sales expectation. Of course, our goal would be to do a little bit better on sales. If we do, then 18%, the 350 basis points expansion is not a ceiling. It's a target or a goal at this point in time, and we have a strong plan and good visibility to get there.
Ronald L. Dissinger: So our Project K is on track at this point in time. And it's on track both from an investment and a savings standpoint, so there are no additional cash requirements for us to achieve this margin goal.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yeah, good point, Chris. So when we started the year, we said we had about $100 million worth of Project K savings. We're still on track to deliver against that. And we said from a ZBB savings standpoint, we expected about $100 million of ZBB savings. We are now at a range of $150 million to $180 million worth of Zero-Based Budgeting savings. So that's allowed us to cover sales coming down to the low end of the 0% to 2% range and increase our operating profit guidance to the high-end of the 4% to 6% range all ex-Venezuela.
Ronald L. Dissinger: So, Rob, we have $150 million to $180 million visibility in 2016 and then that will build over 2017 and into 2018 to a run rate of $450 million to $500 million. The other thing that I'd point out, so that savings in ZBB...
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, that's on top of Project K. That's on top of our base productivity savings as well, Rob. So we have a lot of productivity savings coming through our P&L.
Ronald L. Dissinger: So it's certainly in North America. And we have line of sight year-by-year. Rob, some of the things are very easy to change and to get the cost savings. There are other things, within supply chain and other areas of our business, that take a little bit more time to recognize the savings. So we're certainly doing it as quickly as we can. In terms of the rollout through the international regions, certainly our Europe and our Latin America business are well underway. And we're getting some of those savings end of 2016 related to them. Asia Pacific, we'll see more of that savings coming into 2017. But international overall has a stronger tranche of savings in 2017, whereas North America, their savings really was ramping up here through 2016.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Kashi has been involved in the process throughout 2016 as part of the North America implementation, Rob.
Ronald L. Dissinger: This is Ron, Alexia. So when you look at Project K, and we've discussed this before with analysts and investors, it's very different than that $1 billion challenge. Where we took capacity out of our network, we were actually closing down facilities. That previous $1 billion challenge, we were simply taking people out of the organization and asking the organization to do the same with less people. That was a bit harder for them to accomplish. So we feel good about Project K and the integrity of our infrastructure as a result of the actions we're taking there. Zero-Based Budgeting, it's really just a refreshing way to look at our cost structure and ensure that the investments that we have are prioritized and aligned with our strategy, so it's nothing more than that. We're being very thoughtful on how we take costs out of our business and make sure that the investments we're making are aligned with our priorities and strategy.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yeah. Ken, the way I think about the margin growth, so it's off of a 2015 base and I would look at it on an ex-Venezuela business. Venezuela is just distorting mainly the 2016 results, but I think about that growth on an ex-Venezuela basis.
