John Renwick: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for a review of our third quarter results when we were Kellogg Company and a discussion of our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2023, during which we will be post spin-off Kellanova. I'm joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Amit Banati, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Slide number 3 shows our forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made today, such as projections for Kellanova's future performance, are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the third slide of this presentation as well as to our public SEC filings. A recording of today's webcast and supporting documents will be archived for at least 90 days on the Investor page of www.kellanova.com. As always, when referring to our results and outlook, unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on an organic basis for net sales and on a currency-neutral adjusted basis for operating profit and earnings per share. Please note that we will have discontinued operations impacts to Kellanova's historical financial statements available during our fourth quarter earnings release in February 2024. Until then, any commentary about Kellanova performance is based on estimates and should therefore be viewed as directional. And now I'll turn it over to Steve.
John Renwick: But that we gave for 2023, as we indicated at that time, that was for a full year estimate of what Kellanova might look like. It's not quite the real what you'll see us report because we'll have three quarters of Kellogg Company and one quarter of Kellanova. So, that was just a way for you to calculate.
John Renwick: Okay. Operator, we are at time. So thank you, everyone, for your interest. And please do not hesitate to call if you do have follow-up questions.
Amit Banati: I think, Jason, we will update the details when we get to our normal cycle in February once we've had this year's actual latest foreign exchange rates. So I think we'll update the absolutes as we kind of get to February. We're right in the middle of our budgeting process right now. But as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we fully expect to be on our algorithm growth rates we had shared in August.
Amit Banati: No, we are on track, I mean, from a 2023 standpoint, right? We are ahead of pace in the first nine months. And like I mentioned, we are on track from a 2023 standpoint. So we'll share the specific details when we get to February.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think similar trends to what we are seeing right now from a quarter four standpoint, if you exclude WKKC from the base, the Russia divestiture would be about a 1% negative impact and then currency translation around 3%. So, I think if you kind of exclude those 3%, you get to the -- you get to our algo growth of somewhere between 3% to 5% for the overall business. We would expect international to grow faster than the US in the next quarter. We continue to expect price elasticities. That's always been in our guidance, so we expect that to continue. We'd expect volume to be down, but for the decline to moderate in quarter 4 as we get back to full merchandising, particularly in the US. So that's kind of the shape of what we're expecting in quarter 4.
Amit Banati: Yeah. Like I said, we're working through our budgeting process right now. I think we'd expect a gradual return to volume growth in 2024. Obviously, as you start lapping some of the price increases and some of the volume in quarter three, the laps get easier. But that's probably the shape of how we're looking at 2024 right now.
Amit Banati: Yes. So I think in terms of gross margin, I think you hit on the two biggest items, right? So it is pricing, catching our presentation, and it is a much better performing supply chain. So those two are the biggest drivers of the gross margin improvement and it's been coming in better than what we had expected and faster than what we had expected. So more of a timing in terms of the catch-up happening faster than what we have planned for. So -- and I think in terms of -- the parallel costs, we did incur some parallel costs in quarter three for -- as we kind of ran value operations. I think that's now behind us post-spin. I wouldn't say, it's a significant lap item for next year. So we did incur costs, but they weren't really significant from a lap standpoint.
Amit Banati: Yes. So I think, Bryan, we'll give you the details when we close out 2023, right? I think from a growth rate standpoint, like I said, we fully expect to be on long-term growth algorithm for 2024. I think as you'd appreciate, right, currencies will be different when we close out 2023 versus the assumptions that we had made in August. Like I had mentioned on 2023, we are -- at the end of nine months, we are ahead of pace versus the guidance that we had given. And so where we close out from a 2023 standpoint. So I think those kind of pace and currency adjustments would cause the absolute to differ, but we were right in the middle of that work as part of our budget. And I fully expect our long-term growth rates to be on algorithm.
Amit Banati: Yes. So it's currency-neutral, right? The overall rates that we had given for the company included a view of currency, right? So that's for the total Kellogg Company, the ones that we had given in our preliminary 2024 guidance. Where there are currency-neutral numbers, those won't be impacted by those view of the long-term rates. But the rates number base change, right, depending on where we end up on 2023.
Amit Banati: Yes. We talked that as we kind of complete the budgeting process, Bryan. I think it's a bit premature for me to comment on that. But yes, margin recovery is recovering faster. You'll see that in our results. And we'll give you the specifics on 2024 when we get to it.
Amit Banati: Yes. So firstly, I think, we like the organic opportunity that's in front of us. And I think despite the short-term volume discussion, right, I think the growth potential of our portfolio is strong. We've got plenty of organic growth opportunities. I think from a capital allocation standpoint, prioritizing investments into the organic opportunity, particularly in capacity expansion in Pringles in emerging markets, is kind of the immediate priority. We'd always evaluate M&A opportunities, I think largely in the areas of snacking and emerging markets. So if something -- we run a very disciplined process, and so we continue to evaluate opportunities come.
Amit Banati: Yes. So I think the easiest way to think about it is there's a lag between the devaluation that happens on an operating transaction basis and when the official rate moved. But we've been seeing the devaluation of the naira on the ground from an operating basis all the way through 2022, first half of 2023 and have been taking pricing to cover that. And I think the business has done a remarkable job taking multiple rounds of price. And the great news, and it's a testament just to the strength of our brand and our route to market, that despite the pricing that we've taken, volumes have held up and our shares have held up. So that's been happening. And like you said, we've been seeing that come through with elevated growth rates through 2022 into the first half of 2023. Then you have the devaluation that happened in the last quarter. And so the transaction and the translation have gotten more in sync as a result of that. And so that's why now you're seeing a bit of a lag. I mean the business continues to be growing at double-digit rates and we continue to take pricing, but there is a lag that's kind of flowing in, in the way it's go through in the P&L. But I think from an overall standpoint, a strong route to market, taking the pricing to cover our margins through this whole cycle, we protected our margins. And that's been the focus of the team, and we've done that volumes of hand.
Amit Banati: Well, EPS has been -- it's been a help to EPS. That's the reference there was from a top line standpoint, about a 3% drag the top line growth. EPS was actually positive in the -- in quarter three, right? And so -- yes. But I think from a top line standpoint, about a 3% hit to the top line. And from an EPS, I'd say, using the exchange that we have, probably flattish. So much more impact on the top line than the EPS.
Steve Cahillane: I think a couple of things, Jason. You're exactly right. We don't need to be on long-term algo in all regions in order to make it corporately because power of the portfolio. Having said that, I think what you're seeing in North America, just to put it in context, we did return to merchandising activity later than most. That was purposeful. In hindsight, perhaps we could have come sooner. But we're back now. We were also going through obviously the spin, which was a massive amount of work. And so as we approach 2024, we look to North America with much more optimism in terms of turning back to quality merchandising activity. The strength of our brands, we know, is there, very, very strong. We were lagging in innovation for the same reasons, so holding back to get our supply chain back to where we wanted it to be. So, we've got a much more ambitious innovation plan in 2024. So, as we look at North America in 2023, a series of events, obviously led by the spin, but also, again, measured return to innovation and merchandising activity, will all be very different in 2024. So, we have more confidence in our long-term algo in North America, which bolsters our confidence in our long-term algo overall as a company.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Nik. So, I would say on the volume question, clearly, when you take the type of pricing that we've taken, mid-teens pricing on top of mid-teens pricing a year ago, you're going to have elasticities. The difference from -- for us relative to some competition, as I mentioned earlier, we did return to merchandising activity later than most. We did return -- we're returning to innovation activity later than most. That's a fact. And obviously, we had the spin as well as those other items, which leads us to be much more optimistic about 2024. There's nothing structural in our volumes or our performance or our brand health that points to anything other than optimism in 2024 and beyond. In terms of white space, the global P&L, yes, we track in detail the financial performance of all of our brands at a SKU level and at a geographic level, so a very good understanding of that.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. I was going to say it's a lot like quarter 3. And you can see in the scanner data that we did return to merchandising activity. We haven't yet gotten the quality display activity that we're now seeing. So you're going to see a gradual improvement going into Q1 of 2024 as well.
Steve Cahillane: Yeah. Michael, I'd say the consumer is clearly strained. There's evidence of that. There's some degree of channel shifting. There's some degree of trading down to smaller sizes. There is definitely a traffic pattern when they're shopping, more trips, all those types of things. Having said all that, though, I think the overarching line is still the resilience of the consumer. And particularly for our categories, we're talking about affordable luxuries. We've talked about that in the past. And we're not really seeing any meaningful shift to private label or anything that points to a structural change in consumer dynamics. And we've said this in the past, when you take the type of pricing, you're talking about 30-plus percent pricing over the last 18 months, the type of volume decline that we've seen in aggregate is still much smaller than you would otherwise expect. We've seen it more recently, obviously, in a real catch-up. But I think we're probably at the high watermark in terms of elasticities. As we go into next year, we're lapping a lot of this pricing. Consumers are becoming much more used to different price points. We talked about our return to quality merchandising, a lot of things to believe are going to point to a good industry environment, despite all the macro pressures that are well understood and that are putting pressure on the consumer.
Steve Cahillane: Yeah. Max, I think just directionally, the big buckets are the merchandising activity and the pricing and the innovation. Those are really the three big buckets, all entirely controllable as we look to the future. The pricing, we're lapping; the innovation, we've got a better plan; the merchandising activity, we're returning. So that's why I say, when we look at the health of our brands, we're very encouraged because you're talking about Pringles, Rice Krispies Treats, Cheez-It, these are big power brands that are loved by the consumer, showing no signs of diminution with consumer loyalty. And so those are the three items that really make up the biggest buckets that's pressured volume up to this point.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. I haven't seen those results yet. But SNAP is obviously one part of the elasticity story. We've taken, as an industry, significant pricing while the consumer has been under pressure. And so I think it's probably -- you're seeing that in the overall elasticities. What SNAP is -- it's hard to quantify for us, but we'll certainly study what you've just mentioned.
Steve Cahillane: No, I wouldn't say you'd see pricing down. I think you just see a return to quality merchandising off of what are inescapably higher list prices. And so that's really the dynamic that you'll see.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. I'd say a couple of things. First, in the developed markets, we're looking at a more benign inflationary environment going forward. And we certainly feel like the consumer has taken enough pricing and are working hard to mitigate any potential needs to take more pricing going forward. And again, returning to quality merchandising means promotional activity and benefits to the consumer. In the emerging markets, generally, every year, we're going to be taking pricing. Whether that’d be currency, whether that’d be inflation, just cost of doing business, that's fairly routine. And we see the same thing happening in our emerging markets for next year, although not to the same levels that we've seen over the course of the last two years. And we'll exercise all the RGM levers that we have in those emerging markets to maintain affordability, to maintain -- in the shopping baskets of our consumers in the emerging markets. But it's more of a -- I would say, a more normalized environment in emerging markets relative to the past two years. But that doesn't mean deflationary and it doesn't mean flat. It means just more measured price increases going forward.
