Fareed Khan: You're exactly right, David. It's a point in time calculation. And essentially what it is that the -- the value of the pension assets declines because of the market decline. Our estimates for the return on those assets, while we brought them down in 2017 from 2016 to de-risk the pension, it's still at the same level at 2018. The other factor I'd point you to that plays into this is rising interest rates and then that impacts it as well. So what you have is a pretty significant mark-to-market decline for pensions and that flows through earnings per share. And as I mentioned, that's about a $60 million, $70 million headwind going to next year. But it's all non-cash, it's basically an accounting estimate point in time. And as markets recover, you would see assets come up again. And again, just for those who aren't familiar, so large pension plan -- we've frozen a lot of the key elements. It's very well funded. And we've been making moves to de-risk it with the pension contribution that we made last year.
Fareed Khan: Well, I'd say we are still confident in our long-term algorithm that we put out several times. And if you look at the shape of '19, we'll have some detailed kind of outlining where that is and you look at sort of how that year progresses and what that means for our exit rate from 2019 that should give you a bit of confidence as well. The main thing is returning businesses to top line, we've got -- we will have a more focused portfolio. We will have more targeted brand investment. And a lot of this innovation is going to be accretive. We will be addressing some of those single-serve dynamics as we've talked about. And then in the backdrop we still have very strong growth rate consistently in our emerging markets. And then you'll see there as we build scale, as we have more relevant local foods, as we are bringing more value to the market, that that will improve as well. So you get the benefits of scale, you've got some very specific timing things that you can see play out in '19 and then sort of the underlying economics of as -- we build scale in emerging markets. So again, those things together, give us confidence in the algorithm that we put out there.
Fareed Khan: Yeah. So we know it's a large pension plan as I've talked about. It's frozen, at least key elements have been frozen both in North America and in Europe. So that help sort of contain the obligations. It's about 91.4% funded, so well-funded. And we've been making contributions toward it. As we made those contributions like we did with some of the cash proceeds we received from US tax reform, we also have changed the asset allocation mix to begin to de-risk it as well and accompanying that was lowering our expected return on assets which started in 2018 and also come into 2019. And so what you'd expect from all of that is you'll get the de-risk plan well-funded, pivot to de-risk the returns. And we unfortunately, just given the timing of December and what the markets were doing there's an accounting EPS impact that will go into next year. But again, that's non-cash, that's point in time. We'll review that as sort of anything will fundamentally shift the quality of the program that we have already.
Fareed Khan: Yeah. I think -- we've got durable cash flow as we talked about. Our CapEx up a little bit year-over-year and the mix of that CapEx is shifting more toward capacity and growth to support what we are seeing happening in the business. So CapEx is going to be up a little bit. But essentially the other moving parts are pretty straightforward. So from an operating profit perspective, we are forecasting about flattish. There'll be lower tax benefits going into 2019 versus '18 both from a combination of tax reform as well as the discrete items that we've had. And then offsetting some of that was the pension contribution we made last year. So...
Fareed Khan: That might be better. But let me go -- and like I said we've sort of outlined the key moving parts. There are some pretty major year-over-year tax rate differences. Our base rate for '18 is going to be 16.5% and your outlook for '19 is quite a bit higher. So there might be some of those dynamics going on, but it might be better offline. But again, nothing that I'd point to you say would be unusual we haven't talked about in the call.
Fareed Khan: It's Fareed. So we sort of talk about the organic growth rate, 1% to 2%. We see sort of the larger developed markets, so North America, Europe being in slight growth. And in North America, we've gotten through the DSD, we've gotten through the pricing dynamics, so there's more of a clean base there. The investments that we have been making around our big brands, we are seeing good performance. We are seeing that momentum building and then overlaid to that are some of the innovations that Steve talked about. So the snacks portfolio had some nice momentum building and then we see sequential improvement in cereal. And if you look at 2018 versus 2017, there was some improvement and we expect that to continue. It may not be all the way to growth but -- and then some of the other businesses that we mentioned, frozen performing strongly, On the Go and convenience really helping some of our specialty channels. And then Kashi, as you noted, some nice improvements in part of that business with RTEC. Europe, a similar story where there's been really good Pringles momentum in 2018. We really benefited from football. But we also have some gaming and other things going on there. So we do see Europe in growth. And then our emerging markets, which are becoming a larger part of our portfolio. Australia, which is a big market in Asia-Pacific, nice progression there, particularly in the cereals category. And then we've seen strong double-digit growth in a lot of the markets. Again, we are placing fewer bets, really building scale in high potential growth markets like Brazil and India, certainly in West Africa, as you've seen. So we still have mid single growth rates in Latin America, in Asia, slight growth in North America and Europe, and that gets you pretty solidly in the range that we gave. But again, the momentum that we are seeing in some of these big brands and some of these big categories, whether it's RX or in the core is what gives us confidence behind those numbers. So hope that helps.
Fareed Khan: Just that great businesses; they've been growing at double digit growth rates. Lot of potential in both in slightly different ways. RX obviously expanding its distribution base. Also some extensions into nut butters or RX Kids that have been progressing well. And Multipro, we view West Africa as just a terrific long-term bet, and it's a proven business model. Phenomenal distribution reach in that market, and it's going to benefit from just fundamental demographics, rising incomes and we've seen that business go through ups and downs of -- whether it's energy prices or transitions. It's a very strong, very stable business. And so we see that momentum continuing. And again, you have large businesses growing at double digit growth rates. So obviously those are very accretive to the overall top line results.
Steve Cahillane: Yeah. Thanks for the question, David. I think what I would say -- what I would start with is, as we think about occasions and focusing more on occasion-based opportunities, we clearly under-index in On the Go pack formats and On the Go channels, On the Go occasions. And so that's why we initially started to spend a lot more time and focus because it's incremental growth opportunities for us. And as we pointed out last year, obviously it came with some pain in terms of it being margin dilutive and even sometimes almost net no margin, but over time we see a clear path toward margin accretion. And so you should see these pack formats over time, really toward the back half of this year, being margin accretive whereas up to this point they've been margin dilutive. But we see it as a big opportunity because it is highly incremental if not completely incremental. It drives more usage of our brands and therefore more awareness, more brand health and so overall points to a very large opportunity. But up to this point, the Company had just not focused on it. And so we went at it fast and hard last year but we've got good plans in place that we started last year, that continued in this year, that over time, particularly as we get to the back half of this year, we will see these pack sizes, these pack formats and these channels becoming much more accretive whereas in the back half of last year obviously they were more of a hurt.
Steve Cahillane: Yeah, great. Thank you for the question. I think I'd just reiterate the comment I made in the prepared remarks around it's really the delta between a mid single digit decline getting back toward growth. And so it is a difficult thing to do. You see a lot of companies try and not really be able to revitalize brands and turn what are longer-term declines into growth. And so we are very encouraged by what we've seen in terms of the delta disappearing and getting back to flat. And we are confident that we've got the right plan in place in 2019. The other thing I would tell you in terms of the investments that we're making, particularly in the first half of this year, we're very confident because a lot of it is based on new exciting innovation that we are bringing into the marketplace. If you go into the market right now you'll see big exciting things like Cheez-It Snap'd, Rice Krispies Treats, Poppers, Pringles Wavys, Pop-Tarts Bites, all off to good starts, all supported -- and these are big brands that already have obviously powerful equities. And so you invest behind those with new food formats and fun and exciting commercial ideas that have good returns. In cereal, we launched Pop-Tarts Cereal, again leveraging a very strong core equity. That's off to a good start. And so the early signs of what we are seeing in terms of our new investments in the beginning of this year gives us encouragement that builds on the excitement we saw last year and bending that trajectory from what was a negative decline into positive. And so I fully appreciate that there's Doubting Thomases and we have to show you -- we have to show investors. But we are running our plan. We are confident in our plan and the number one objective to get back to the longer-term algorithm is getting that top line back to sustainable growth. And we feel like we have the plan in place to make that happen.
Steve Cahillane: We feel like we are at a very reasonable level of investment for us going forward. And you'll see us turn our attention ever more to ROIs to getting the most that we possibly can out of the investments that we are making. It's a new world, obviously, with digital, social and so forth. And so that's part of maybe the decline over the years. But we do feel like we are at a good level of investment right now. We took bold moves obviously to get us back to where we are today. And we feel comfortable that we've got the right levels. You'll see us allocate that and reallocate that over time. But in terms of a headline number we feel pretty comfortable we are in a good place.
Steve Cahillane: Yeah, I'll start and leave it over to Fareed. We are not obviously giving -- we gave the 2019 guidance, so I'd be cautious about going all the way to 2020 guidance. But as you think about the way that we've constructed this year and obviously some significant headwinds, many of which are mechanical in the first half of the year and then in the back half of the year we get to something much closely -- which much more closely resembles our aspirational algorithm and so we'd enter 2020 with that kind of tailwind momentum. And so Fareed, I don't know if you want to build on it.
Steve Cahillane: Yeah, Michael, thanks for the question. We are doing a combination of all of the above that you just mentioned. So some of the -- some of the things that are more capable of moving the needle if you like are the ones that I mentioned that are big brand related like Cheez-It Snap'd, Rice Krispies, Poppers and so forth. But there's also some very interesting white space that we are launching into this year. One of those is around digestive health, and we are launching a brand called Happy Inside which we are very excited about and we are going to learn as we launch this. It does require investment but we also felt that it was such a unique space that the launch of a new brand versus extending one of our existing brands into that space was more appropriate. We also scanned the horizon and looked at from an M&A perspective is there somebody in that space. And the net of all those things led us to believe that Happy Inside as a new launch, a new brand was the best alternative for us. We also have a product called Joybol which is a softer launch which is really about hyper convenience as a major trend and one of the occasions that we talk about is the deskfast occasion which is think about really everybody but particularly millennials who are on the go who tend to put their snack or breakfast in a knapsack, go to work and then have it on their breakfast -- or have it at their desk. So Joybol is another new brand we are launching into that space. Some of the same reasons we just didn't feel like an extension of one of our existing brands was as relevant to launching a new brand. So we'd do a combination of all of the above. Extending our brands where we feel like they have a right to play and a right to win and it actually reinforces the core equities of those brands versus diluting those brands. And so that's one of the prisms we look toward brand extensions. White space, where we have the opportunity to launch a new brand with appropriate levels of investment behind. And then M&A, which you saw us do most recently in the same type of space with RX which filled a big white space opportunity for us where we felt like the launch of our own brand would be far too expensive and extending our own existing brands into that space wouldn't be as successful as acquiring RX. So look for us to do all of the above. But those are two examples of launching new brands to answer your question.
