John A. Bryant: Thanks, Simon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We're pleased to announce a good first quarter and start to the year. Reported sales growth was strong at 12%. Internal net sales growth was 2.2%, broadly in line with our expectations, and most of our businesses around the world posted solid underlying results so -- as we will discuss in more detail later. Underlying operating profit growth was also broadly in line with expectations as we faced the highest level of inflation that we expect to see all year. We're on track for the full year, and as Ron said in his guidance at CAGNY, there were a few items that we anticipated would have an impact on the first quarter. First, we expect around $80 million of COGS inflation net of COGS savings in 2013, and we saw more than $80 million just in the first quarter. So this obviously had a significant impact. Secondly, the devaluation in Venezuela also had a meaningful impact and was larger than we expected. And finally, the process of closing a manufacturing plant in Australia continued in the first quarter, which led to higher year-over-year costs. So we expect more balanced results as the year progresses. Now let's turn to Slide 4 and a review of Pringles. We continue to see very strong performance from the business in the first quarter. In fact, organic sales growth of the total Pringles brand was approximately 7%. In all the regions around the world, Pringles continues to do well. And as we've mentioned before, the commercial programs we've implemented since the acquisition have been very well received by consumers. In the U.S. and Canada, we relaunched Stix, which is off to a good start. In Europe, we saw good growth in much of the region, and we saw high single-digit underlying growth in the Asia Pacific business as well. The integration continues to go well. We have converted Asia and Europe to our systems, and the transition went very smoothly. We are currently in the process of conversions -- converting in the Americas. We're on schedule to complete the integration over the next few months, and we remain confident that we'll recognize the synergies we expected for 2013. And talent retention has also been very good. As you saw at CAGNY and our Investor Day, we now have former Pringles employees in very senior roles within the organization. And finally on Pringles, we'll have some new capacity coming online in 2014, which will add to the excellent work that's being done to improve the capacity in our existing facilities. So we're on track to achieve our full year guidance. And with that, I'll turn it over to Ron for more details.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Brian. Now let's turn to Slide 29 and our international businesses. The European business posted internal net sales growth of 2.6% in Q1, which continued the improved results we've seen since the back half of last year, and we gained category share in a number of countries in the region during the quarter. We saw excellent growth in the U.K., the largest business in the region, as we gained cereal category share and posted strong double-digit sales growth in the Kellogg's snack business. Our Crunchy Nut brand saw a very good performance driven by increased media and innovation. Other innovation also contributed, including Special K Cracker Crisps and Biscuit Moments. On the continent, our French cereal and snacks businesses performed well and grew share, and we saw improved performance in Italy behind the restage of our Special K cereal brand. This initiative will roll out across the rest of the region in the coming months. However, Spain continues to be the most difficult country in Europe for us, driven by economic conditions. We are taking a number of actions in this business, including increasing commercial activities and changes to packaging and pack sizes. This business will remain challenging, but we're optimistic regarding its long-term potential. Like most regions around the world, Europe posted strong Pringles consumption growth in the quarter, and this was achieved while the business was executing the integration into Kellogg's systems. So a very good performance from the team in Europe. Internal net sales increased by 0.3% in Asia Pacific in the quarter, although we saw strong 4% growth in consumption across the region. The difference was driven by a trade inventory reduction in Australia. However, underlying performance was strong in Australia, where we gained 2 points of category share in cereal and 1.5 points in snacks. We launched breakfast drinks in Australia earlier than we did in the U.S., which also contributed to the business's sales growth. Sales in India and Southeast Asia both increased at a double-digit rate, and Pringles also posted strong growth in the region, with underlying sales up at a high single-digit rate. We saw some softness in results in South Africa due to timing and in South Korea due to the competitive environment, but we're pleased with the underlying performance in the region and expect good results across the balance of the year. The Latin American business posted 7.4% internal sales growth as a result of strong price/mix gains and better volume performance. Most of the businesses in the region contributed to the overall growth. Sales growth in Mexico lagged the average in the quarter, but cereal consumption in Mexico was strong and regained share in the quarter. You'll remember that we were lapping an inventory build in the first half of last year in Mexico, which made comparisons this quarter more difficult. We also face difficult comparisons in the second quarter, but they'll get easier in the second half of the year. We also saw good growth elsewhere in Latin America. The Brazilian business posted good sales growth as a result of both price realization and improving volume performance as we increased distribution. The Venezuelan business also did very well in a difficult economic environment. Now let's turn to Slide 30 and the summary. The first quarter was a good start to the year with good overall sales growth. Overall operating profit results were also as anticipated and include the most significant net inflation we'll see all year. We saw continued strong performance from Pringles in most regions of the world, and the integration continues to go smoothly. And we are on track for the full year. So finally, I'd like to thank the 30,000 Kellogg employees around the world for all their hard work and dedication. And we'll open up for questions.
John A. Bryant: We feel very good about our performance in Europe in the first quarter. It was actually in line with our expectations, if not slightly ahead of what we had expect to deliver in Q1. If you look in the U.K., we actually did see some strong growth and see share gains in both cereal and in snacks. Same is true in France. We saw gains in cereal and snacks share. We do have some softness in Southern Spain -- sorry, in Spain and Italy continuing. Even though we gained share in Italy, we continue to see weakness in Spain. So if you look at Europe in the first quarter, it was very much in line with our expectations. The operating profit margin is very similar to what we expect to see for the entire year. We're still tracking to grow sales and profits across 2013, and we're happy to say that Pringles integration is continuing to go very well also. So while I agree it's a weak comparison, we're actually tracking right where we thought we would track and on target for the year.
John A. Bryant: David, I can't talk to what the competitive environment might be in the future, but if you look at our results over the last few years, we've come under pressure from increasing commodity prices. So as we go into a more benign environment, we'd hope to see margin improvement as we go forward from here.
John A. Bryant: Yes. I think if you look at the cereal category, it is a little softer than what we would like it to be. But you break it apart in different segments. So kids, we're actually growing in kids, and the category is growing in kids. In all family, we're growing, but the category is a little soft, but we feel okay about where all family is. It's really adults where the category and ourselves are both down about 5% in the first quarter, and that's where the opportunity for future growth lies. What is also interesting, David, is if you take the category and you break it up by income, the category is actually growing with low-income consumers but is actually declining a little bit with high-income consumers. So you boil it all down and say the big opportunity in the cereal category right now is high-income boomers. And so what are we doing to address high-income boomers? We have innovation coming out this year around Raisin Bran Omega-3, Heart to Heart Cheer, Special K Multi-Grain. So we have a range of innovation targeted at those adult consumers, plus we think we have a very strong adult portfolio between Special K, Kashi, Bear Naked. And if we can get those brands all driving on all cylinders, I think we can really drive all the adult consumption in the category.
John A. Bryant: Well, if I look within the cereal category, as I said before, we're actually seeing strength with low-income consumers, strength with kids. We're doing well in all family categories also. It's really adult where we are seeing weakness, it's high-income adults. I don't think they're really that price-sensitive. It's not about -- as prices come up, we'd normally expect volumes naturally to follow with high-income boomers. I think the real issue there is our innovation, and the innovation in the category needs to be more nutrition and benefit-oriented and, quite frankly, less about pricing and merchandising. And that's the opportunity, I think, we have as a company; I think the category has as well. And I think the more we drive into that, the more we're going to grow the business. And in addition to that, when you think about the weakness in the cereal category, we're also doing things to give people the benefits of cereals outside that normal definition of ready-to-eat cereal. So we have Kellogg's To Go Shakes, and we have the Breakfast Biscuits, and we have also hot cereal in there as well. That's also all driving our cereal consumption but not getting captured in the uptake [ph] data. If you look in Q1, our Morning Foods sales growth was up 1.6%, 1.7%, and the consumption for cereal is actually down. Our cereal sales are actually down a little bit in Q1, and the difference there is very strong Pop-Tarts performance in the first quarter. That's what's driving the difference between consumption and shipments in Q1.
John A. Bryant: Yes, Alexia. Snacks' top line was down 1.7% in the quarter. If you dig within that, look at the different businesses, wholesome snacks actually performed pretty well, with shipments up about 3%. We held share, and we had some good strength behind Special K and Nutri-Grain, both up double digits. So we feel okay about wholesome snacks in Q1. On crackers, the sales were down slightly, but we were lapping a big 9% growth in the first quarter last year. We had a huge Special K Cracker Chips resolution program. As you look in 2013, our innovation is more in the second quarter, and we have 2 large new products coming out with Cheez-It Zings and Town House Pita. So we expect a much better cracker performance in Q2 as we go through the year. So that's really more of the timing, if you like, within crackers. The one business that's probably softer than we'd like is cookies, where consumption was down about 5.5% in the first quarter. Within that, we do have more innovation coming out in Q2. We have 2 "simply made" SKUs coming out, a butter cookie and a chocolate chip cookie, which are basically just 8 ingredients, more homemade. Plus we have a new pack design, and we have improved merchandising plans. So I think we've got programs in place on cookies. That's the one area where we're a little weaker than we would like to be from a consumption perspective. The good news is Pringles continues to do extremely well. In fact, the Pringles consumption, when you include Stix, was up 13% in the first quarter. So a very strong performance there. To answer your question about phasing in the year, probably a little bit better in Q2 and much better as we go through the back half of the year, because that innovation will start to hit towards the back part of Q2.
John A. Bryant: Well, Eric, I think what we've said today is we're on track for our guidance for the year. So we are looking for -- to deliver that guidance, which has some margin expansion implicit in it, particularly within the back half of the year. And within that, obviously, we continue to be committed to driving our brands. As I said before, talking about the cereal category, I think it's more to do with benefits to the consumers and in communicating those benefits rather than additional promotional activity or pricing and so on. That would be an alternative way of investing the money.
John A. Bryant: Yes, Jonathan. I think if I go back to when we were really doing well in the 2000s, we were driving Special K and Kashi very aggressively and were seeing good growth in that business, and that, in turn, then drives the category performance. I think that's an opportunity as we go forward here.
John A. Bryant: We always compete in intensely competitive categories. And I'd say that all of our categories, while they were competitive, they're reasonably rational. So I think that we continue to operate according to our plan, and our plan comes back to really brand building and innovation and driving and exciting the consumer. So we're staying competitive out there, but I -- and I'm not seeing any increasing competitive pressures that overly concern me.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Matthew, our upfront costs are very consistent in 2013 with what we spent in 2012. So we're somewhere in the range of $0.10 to $0.12 of upfront cost for the year.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Matthew, first, on the grains. It's a bit difficult for us to predict into -- or sorry, David, on the grains, difficult for us to predict on the grains going into 2014. We've got 2 crops that will need to be planted and harvested. We do have good visibility, though, to 2013. As I mentioned, we're largely covered across our grains at this point in time, so I feel very comfortable with our outlook on input inflation for this year.
Ronald L. Dissinger: It's difficult to predict. Some of our folks have told us that years previous, when there have been late plantings, we've actually seen record harvest. So it's difficult to predict, Ken, at this point in time. Obviously, we're going to continue to watch the markets. And as you know, we use -- take appropriate coverage when we think it's the right time. So we'll provide guidance as we get into the fourth quarter call in 2014.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure. In relation to the billion-dollar buyback plan that we just announced, I wouldn't read anything into that. Our expectations for 2013 are very consistent with what we've communicated previously. We intend to buy back shares to the extent of options proceeds. The billion-dollar authorization does give us the opportunity to, in 2014, buy back shares. The authorization goes through the end of April at this point in time. So our capital allocation remains the same. From the end of the second quarter last year, around the time that we purchased the Pringles business, we reduced our debt by about $700 million by the end of the first quarter here. So expectation is very consistent with what we've previously communicated.
Ronald L. Dissinger: At this time, we like our BBB+ credit rating, and our intent is to try to maintain that credit rating and pay down our debt associated with the Pringles acquisition.
Ronald L. Dissinger: The mark-to-market impact -- first of all, we mark-to-market on pensions at the end of the year; and commodities, obviously, we'll do quarterly. We did see some hangover from the mark-to-market on pensions that carried into the first quarter. There's a portion of that, that relates to our manufacturing facilities. It gets capitalized into inventory, and it comes back out in the first quarter of the year. Very consistent with what happened in 2012. In terms of the impact to our gross margin performance, the mark-to-market really had very little impact. The 2 key items that impacted our gross margin performance, Andrew, were the net inflation. That was more than 200 basis points of impact. And in addition to that, the dilution from the Pringles acquisition, having that for the 3 months of 2013 versus it not being in our numbers last year. There were a few other small items that related to upfront costs in our Asia Pacific region, and I talked about the investments in supply chain to relaunch Special K in Europe as well. The margin performance is very consistent with our plan. The other thing I would mention, our outlook for the entire year also is very consistent. So we communicated previously that we expected for the year to be down around 50 basis points. That's essentially driven by the dilution from Pringles. Our underlying or base business gross margin is expected to be flat in 2013.
Ronald L. Dissinger: No. We did see more input inflation in Snacks in the first quarter, but that didn't have any impact on our end-market plans necessarily, Eric.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Not necessarily. I mean, we're buying back shares to the extent of options proceeds. So what I talked about was potentially a little bit more volatility in the currencies. We said we'd seen as much as $0.03 to $0.05 of headwind, but it depends upon how that plays out for the balance of the year. And yes, we are seeing a little bit more dilution as a result of a higher share price. But we have plans and are working on items below the line to improve our performance. Those items include tax and interest costs, Eric. So when you look at our tax rate, I communicated we might be at approximately 30%. That could come down slightly based on the plans that we're working on. And same with interest costs. I communicated we could be in a range of $230 million to $240 million. We could be more towards the low end of that range based on the things that we're working on if we saw currencies continue to stay adverse. Now what we've seen just over the past couple of weeks is currencies have -- international currencies have actually started to strengthen.
Ronald L. Dissinger: That's a very fair statement. So more than 200 basis points of the gross margin impact was this net inflation impact. And then as I mentioned, 80 basis points from Pringles. So the underlying health in the business really was quite strong.
