Steve Cahillane: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased to report another better than expected quarter featuring two key elements depicted on slide number 5. Not only did we sustain top line growth that remained better than our long-term targets, but we did so across our portfolio and geographies with growth in all major category groups in each of our four regions. And we did so even as we lapped the prior year's retail inventory replenishment and particularly strong in-market performance. We also continued to experience a sooner-than sooner than expected recovery in our gross profit margin. Much of this is related to bottlenecks and shortages diminishing. This recovery is ahead of schedule and it was a principal driver behind our better than expected profit and earnings this quarter. Also encouraging is the momentum, we've continued to see in our biggest, most differentiated brands shown on slide number 6. These advantage brands made up half of our net sales in 2022 and they continue to outpace our overall growth creating both top-line momentum and a favorable margin mix. So when we put it all together the earlier than expected margin recovery and the sustained top-line growth across our portfolio, you can see why we feel comfortable raising our full year sales profit and earnings guidance again. We also remain very active on our social and environmental program Kellogg's Better Days Promise. Slide number 7 shows just a few examples of actions we took during the quarter, including donations and volunteering in the area of hunger and tie-ins to important commercial programs with customers. The slide also shows another wave of recognitions that we have received, simply confirming what we already know, that doing what is right is in our DNA. In the center of the slide, you can see that we have published an update regarding our progress toward our Better Days targets. On social goals like addressing hunger or environmental goals like reducing our admissions or in diversity goals like gender representation and management, we remain ahead of pace on our Better Days goals. And of course, we remain very busy in getting ready for our pending separation. Indeed on slide number eight most of what you see under the Q1, Q2 and the Q2, Q3 phases are now complete. The team has done an exceptional job of digging into every detail, every brand, every process, every role to make sure we have left no stone unturned in our quest to create two successful value-creating companies. And as you look to the Q3 phase, you can see a few milestones that are very much upon us. On July 24th WK Kellogg Co.'s Form-10 was filed publicly providing you with important information about management, strategy, capital structure, and carve out financials. On July 30th, just this past Sunday, we began to run WK Kellogg Co. and Kelanova in parallel. By running the water through the pipes, so to speak, we can identify and address any process gaps and other opportunities well before the separation takes place. Employees in new roles can transition properly. Services under the transition services agreement can be ironed out more completely. And while this requires incremental expenses, they are already incorporated into our guidance. And then less than a week from today on August 9th, we will host our Day at K investor event at which leaders of both WK Kellogg Co. and Kellenova will present to the strategies, the capital structures, and the financial outlooks for both companies. And we still expect the separation transaction to take place during the fourth quarter. Because we can't know the exact timing of the various customary approvals, we can't be more specific than that quite yet. But we have every confidence that it is on track. In sum, the second quarter was another very good quarter in terms of financial results, sustainability actions, and progress toward our spinoff. And now let me turn it over to Amit to take you through our financial results and outlook in more detail.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, I'd say a good bit due to the replenishment and we're potentially seeing some retailer de-stocking. It's really hard to pin down when you're talking about a quarter. And we see that as a good thing, Cody. Obviously, service levels for the last year plus have been below normal levels, which required safety stock across the supply chain. As we get to service levels back above 95%, you'd see a renewed confidence, a growing confidence at retail and therefore, not needing to carry the same days of supply. And again, we don't see that as a negative. And we see, as we said, from a go-forward perspective, lots of confidence in our plans, which has led to us raising our guidance for the top line slightly.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. I'd say -- and we've talked about this in the past, Europe is probably under more strain in terms of household budgets than North America. But we performed very well in the second quarter, obviously, you saw our snacks grow nearly 20% on an organic basis. You saw positive growth in cereal. And so from that perspective, our brands are performing well. Our relationships with our customers are very, very constructive. We find the overlap of what they need for their consumers, which we share as we think about putting together promotions and programs that address a strained household budget environment in Europe. But I'd say the brands have performed very well. Our customer teams have performed in an excellent manner as we've executed unprecedented revenue growth management activities in Europe, and really continue to operate in a situation where household budgets remain under pressure. And for the foreseeable future, I think we'll continue to remain under pressure. But underlying that is a resilient consumer who continues to spend against discretionary items like Pringles and like our cereal brands.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, I'll start with the Africa topline and then turn it to Amit to build on that and then address your gross margin question. I'd say the African team has really shown their skill, their savvy, their experience because we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we've seen the devaluation of the de facto basis and have been transacting pretty much at the rate that it was the value to or close to it. And so that's why you see the level of pricing that we've been able to take, which really protects our margins going forward, and its underlying the performance in Africa. We'll continue to watch the currency. It's been, I think, the government, I give great credit for doing the things that are necessary, but very, very tough for the long-term of that economy in that country. And we'll continue to watch what's really happening with the currency as we always have and think about if it continues to work towards a continued evaluation, we'll price accordingly. And we price constantly to make sure that we're keeping track of the underlying currency as we see it. And so with that, I'll turn it back over to Amit then.
Amit Banati: Yeah. So just a couple of further builds, right? I think the one thing I'd point out is in quarter two, the inventory lap was the most pronounced. So I think that was most pronounced in this quarter. And so I think going forward, that will be lesser of an impact. I think from a rest of the year, we continue to focus decelerating sales growth. That's what's been implied. That's what's implied in our guidance. And it's a couple of things that's driving that. One is, we obviously start lapping last year's substantial revenue growth management actions, which were that much higher in the second half. And we continue to prudently assume higher elasticities for the rest of the year.
Amit Banati: Yeah. So I wouldn't say there's a change in trend. I think we had always said gross margin would be up during the year. I think based on -- it's coming in faster than we expected, predominantly driven by bottlenecks and shortages receding faster than what we had thought. So I think the supply chain is performing really well. Are we seeing that in cost, we're seeing that in service levels. We'd expect that trend to continue. And I think when you kind of put it all together, our forecast right now is that we should be up about 50 basis points for the year.
Amit Banati: Yeah. So I think we continue to recover both share and margin as that business recovers from the fire in strike through the cycle of replenishing inventory and full commercial execution. So that recovery is well underway, both from our top line share as well as a margin standpoint. And I think the go forward, we'll obviously discuss fully next week.
Amit Banati: No. I think there's been some shift. We always talk this year that we'd be lapping last year's pull down, right, as we went -- as we were building inventories in the first half of 2022. So, for the half, we were up mid-single digits on for the half in A&P. And so -- the quarter and so I think we'd expect some shifting of that into the second half.
Amit Banati: Yeah. Thanks, Steve. So I think the devaluation that we are seeing right now is more of a catch-up in the official rate at which we translate, I think operationally, like Steve mentioned, we've been operating against the de facto devaluation that's happened. And you can see that in our pricing. And you can see that in our NSV growth, which has been north of 20% for the last few quarters. I think from a translation standpoint, Nigeria is about 10% of our sales. So with the devaluation, it's about a 4% impact on our overall NSV, which will be split between the two years, 2% this year and 2% next year. This has been incorporated into our ForEx guidance. So the guidance that I gave based on today's rates, of course, of around a 3% impact on NSV that incorporates the Naira devaluation. I'd also say that the impact on OP and EPS is less than 1%, and that's also been incorporated into the 1% negative impact of currency on the EPS. So that's Nigeria. I think from a gross margin standpoint, no, we're not -- we continue to expect gross margins to expand in the second half. So there's no change in trend. I think there's a little bit of variation based on seasonality between the quarters. But I think from an underlying standpoint, we continue to expect gross margin to be up in the second half.
Amit Banati: Yeah, that's our intent. So I think our intent is to talk both give you a preliminary guidance given it's early on 2024, talk about long-term growth rates across key measures.
A – Amit Banati: Yeah. I think, so firstly, there's been some phasing, right, when you compare it versus 2020 versus 2022. And we talked that, we started the year saying it will be much more first half weighted. I think that has shifted a little bit between first half and second half. I think to your question around levels of advertising, we're pleased with the levels of advertising. So I don't think we expect any rebasing needed going forward. On SG&A, we are catching up as meetings, travel, business returns to pre-pandemic levels. So I think that you'll see that catch-up I'd say that overall, you'd expect overheads to be up mid-single digits is to be up slightly higher than what we increased in 2022. So in 2022, we were up we'd probably be up this year as well at a slightly higher rate.
A – Amit Banati: Yeah. I mean, there's been a lot of pricing that has come through. So I think we've been in this period of exceptional pricing. So, some of the ratios probably are displaced a little bit as that pricing has worked its way through the P&L.
A – Amit Banati: Rob, I think you were not entirely -- you're a little breaking up, but I think the question was around R-Tech and R-Tech recovery and where we see it. So I'll answer that question. I think that's what you're asking. We continue to recover the share. We talked about in the prepared remarks. In the first half of 2023, we gained 1.5 points year-on-year. We're also up year-on-year on a 13-week basis and a four-week basis. We're still recovering items. We're still recovering distribution points, and we see that continuing to recover. We have a long tail of SKUs we had. We took the opportunity to chop some of that tail to make efficiency gains in our plants, but there's still some recovery happening with the long-tail SKUs that we did not chop. And so we still see recovery on the horizon. I wouldn't really call it a recovery, but I just see it as ongoing momentum as we get back to where we were pre strike from a share perspective. And I think you'll see some ambitious plans next week. There should be no ceiling for our share ambitions when we think about what the potential of this business is. But we're pleased with the momentum. We're pleased with the plant performance. We mentioned also in the prepared remarks, we're running company and company right now, which is really exciting. We did the cutover over the weekend. And one of the things that means is there's now a separate sales organization for North American Cereal, which is, I think, one of the really exciting developments as we talk about two companies, two quality companies going forward. And so you'll have a sales organization that's 100% focused on North American cereal and they'll have goals that are ambitious and I think very achievable as we continue to look forward for North American cereal and what its true potential is.
