Steve Cahillane: Thanks, Amit. Let me finish with slide number 28. As I said at the outset of this call, we remain on strategy and on plan. During Q1, we continued to take major actions to improve the trajectory of our company from reorganizing our biggest region to shifting resources and enhancing capabilities, from continuing to invest in the revitalization of our biggest brands, to continuing to expand our reach and portfolio in emerging markets. We even took another major step in our efforts to reshape our portfolio with the agreement to divest our cookies, fruit snacks, pie crusts and ice cream cones businesses. We are confident that these great brands and the talented employees that manage them are going to an outstanding new home in Ferrero. And we come out of Q1 on plan. Our top line improved despite some temporary headwinds and we have every reason to believe it will continue to improve. Our profit performance keeps us on track for our full year guidance. This guidance does not change nor does the impact of the pending divestiture, which we disclosed back in early April. Deploy for Growth is working. Our portfolio is being shaped towards growth. Our brands are revitalized. Our capabilities are being enhanced. And we're becoming that much more competitive in the marketplace. As always, I salute our employees for their dedication and hard work to make all this happen, during a period of incredible change. Our people truly are our competitive advantage. And finally, we wish Fareed the very best in all of his next adventures and we welcome Amit to his new role. And with that, we're happy to take your questions.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. And thank you for the question. I'll start and maybe Fareed will build on it. From an SG&A perspective it's important to note a couple of things. First, on a currency neutral basis SG&A was down about 2% year-over-year, so currency did help there. Brand building was also down year-over-year. As you'll recall, we were lapping nearly a $50 million increase that we put into the first quarter of last year. And so we are lapping that. We also delayed some brand building investment, particularly for RX during its recall because you don't want to be advertising against empty shelves, for example and also some capacity-constrained items in snacks and frozen, as well as the SKU changes that we are undertaking in cereal. Overhead increased mainly because of the Multipro consolidation and we continue to invest in capabilities such as RGM e-commerce integrated business planning as well as the RX international expansion. But I close that by saying we feel good about our brand building investment overall again, lapping the big increase from the last quarter pushing some of that into later in the year. And in general, we feel good about our SG&A performance as well as the brand building levels of investment that we have currently and in the plan.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, Jason what I'd tell you is a couple of things. As we went through this whole transition, we essentially de-prioritized promotions in the first couple of weeks of the year obviously because we were going through this transition. And that's where we saw our steepest drop. You should expect to see a return to what I would call normal in terms of promotion activity and merchandising effectiveness as we continue to go through the transition.
Steve Cahillane: Into the middle of the year, and so we've done our adult portfolio. We'll do our kid’s portfolio next -- other way around sorry. We did our kids portfolio first, we'll do our adult portfolio later. And so there’ll be some turbulence but we learned a lot going through the first phase that we'll apply into the second phase.
Steve Cahillane: Yeah. Thanks for the question Alexia. A couple of things. First I'll tell you, our Q1 price realization in North America was blurred by the RXBAR recall, which was about one full point in pricing. So you’d expect to see something above 1 closer to 1.2 without that. The other thing is in cereal and the rest of the portfolio, we did take pricing in Q4 and Q1. We're expecting that to flow through essentially in Q2. Not much flow through or not as much flow-through in Q1 based on protecting promotions and things that are very standard in terms of you take a price but you have promotional activity booked in the first quarter. So you should see that happening. And the last part of your question. If you look back over time both from a average number of SKUs and ACV weighted distribution there has been virtually no change in cereal for the last several years. And then one additional point in terms of trade inventory, we did see a reduction in trade inventory for cereal, which we're expecting not to be a trend but it looks to be kind of a one-off. So hopefully that answers your question.
Steve Cahillane: We do not control retail pricing. We never have. And retailers it's up to themselves. But we have -- you will see us having more price realization flowing through our P&L in the second quarter and beyond.
Steve Cahillane: Yeah. I'll start and I'll let Fareed build. We do have good support around some of our innovation launches and we feel very good about that. If you look at just a couple of them Cheez-It Snap'd, Pop-Tarts Bites both over close to 60% ACV distribution with velocities greater than their categories. So the support that we're putting behind them is clearly working. The biggest change in SG&A as I mentioned was pushing out some of the RX spend into later in the year due to the recall. We do continue to invest in capabilities, a lot around RGM, a lot around business planning and that should continue throughout the year. But when we look at our overall brand building levels as I mentioned earlier we feel good that the very significant step-up that we started in 2017 and into 2018 puts it at about the right base level in terms of what we should expect going forward. We want to maintain our agility as we go forward. But we see good support around the investments that we're making in innovation and we're seeing that very successfully in the marketplace.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So, as we said in the prepared remarks, Rob, much of the brand building will be shifted into Q2, right? So, you should think about the guidance that we've given in terms of first half, second half as remaining the same. In terms of the way we spend with retailers for competitive reasons, we're not going to get too much into the detail. But retailer data if it's good data, we will engage with them right? And so we are looking always at the ROI of our spend. And if you look at some of the retailers with excellent data and I mean consumer shopper data, you combine that with -- or shopper data combined with our consumer data, one plus one can really equal three. So, I'd look at it as the continued digitization of the opportunity to engage with consumers. And where we can make good investments, we'll make those good investments but it will be our choices.
Steve Cahillane: Thanks for the question Ken. I wouldn't say we're rethinking the strategy so much. As we were lapping a very, very strong promotion in the quarter -- first quarter of 2018 we decided not to put that level of investment against it. We still have work to do on Special K in the United States. We are learning from some of the successes we've had in Australia, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom around Special K to get that brand to stabilization. But we think about the opportunities in cereal as a total portfolio. And so as if you look at some of the other adult -- I mean consumption on Corn Flakes was up nearly 22% in the quarter, Raisin Bran was up almost 5%, Mini-Wheats was up almost 1%. And so we're making good progress in a number of our big brands. And we still have to fix Special K and we're bound and determined that we will do it. But we have to think about portfolio investments and getting the most out of our cereal business and that includes all of our brands.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Thanks Brian. It clearly is an exciting category. It's been much in the news. We're excited about where Morningstar Farms is. As I mentioned on the prepared remarks, we've got a lot happening in chicken, but we see a lot of opportunity to do things beyond that. And for competitive reasons, I wouldn't get much into that except to underscore what you said it's an exciting space. It's a space where we feel like we have the right to win. You've heard us talk about our sales being kind of the original plant-based protein company. We believe that. And so we'll continue to innovate in that space and I would just say watch the space.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question, Eric. We have fully lapped the DSD transition and that includes the investments that we shifted from DSD capability into brand building. And so, as I said before, we are going to maintain our agility, but we feel like we have the right levels of investment against the right brands. And it's working in the marketplace. It's showing good consumption growth against those brands that I just rattled off and you can look at the same Nielsen numbers we look at when you look at things like conversion of feature and display. We feel good about the way we're executing in the marketplace in a post-DSD world. So fully lapped right levels, more or less of brand building against those brands and good execution in the marketplace and the consumption is showing that it's working.
Fareed Khan: Yes, it's Fareed. Let me take that Rob. So we expect sequential improvement in gross margin as we go through the year and there are several drivers of that that will come together. Let me just walk you through the main moving parts. The first is that we initiated revenue growth management actions, sort of, Q4 - Q1 and we expect that to flow through as we get into Q2. And there is evidence of that as you see in our price/mix. The second thing is as we go deeper in the year some of the year-over-year cost inflation that we saw starts to lap and that will be less pressure on that sort of ongoing cost inflation bucket that we have. You mentioned the mechanical impact of Multipro. We've got one more month of that in the quarter. And on an ongoing basis, we will see a little bit of emerging markets mix. We've got a much more focused emerging market strategy. We're putting bets on specific markets. But as those businesses build scale we'll see margin improvement over the longer term. And the last thing is single serve and we've always talked about how we can take some short-term things around single serve. We love the growth. We love the market opportunity. It's an under-indexed area for us. But the real fix is to the profit flow-through of that business is going to come from some of the supply chain changes. And as you know we put those initiatives in place. We put CapEx up against those. But that's really going to be a second half impact. So you kind of put all those dynamics together you get a line of sight around an improving gross margin picture as you go through the year and it's sort of a good exit rate.
Fareed Khan: Yes. I mean margins are going to be improving as we go through the year and we will see some growth come in yes.
Fareed Khan: And the only thing I'd add is that investments against the brands, we're taking a very nimble approach. So we can -- we like what we're seeing with the big brands and the in-market performance. And so we can react when RXBAR recall for example and pivot some of that investment. We also have through Project K and through some of the organizational changes that we've talked about in North America savings coming through. And that's what's allowing us to fuel some of the reinvestments the logistics team gave. And I'd also add to that analytics and digital and an international RX expansion as well.
Fareed Khan: Well, I'd put that in the context of our overall guidance and we'll continue to see savings come through. We'll make targeted investments brand building. There's a little bit of phasing there. But I think generally this -- I think first half second half may be pretty close to how we framed the full year before the recall.
Fareed Khan: And just to build on sort of the operating profit sort of outlook for the year without getting to specific quarters that whole gross margin conversation that we had I think is very applicable to this topic as well with the caveat of sort of the brand building which is kind of a Q1-Q2 dynamic. But if you go back to that old dialogue about gross margin, that's sort of the similar shape to OP as well.
Fareed Khan: Yes. Unfortunately we measure once a year and that's the end of Q4 measurement. And those assumptions on the returns stick for the full year and then we'll re-measure it again. So, it's a fixed assumption as we go through. Now, as we re-measure it, that will have a different dynamic.
