John A. Bryant: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. In Q2, we continued to make progress on our overall business transformation, which is guided by our 2020 Growth Plan and is aimed at improving top-line and bottom-line results. For instance, our biggest transformational initiative this year is our transition to warehouse distribution from direct store delivery in our U.S. Snacks business. Paul will give you an update in a moment, but we are pleased with how this is going on all fronts. Today, we are very close to completing this ambitious and complex transition. In fact, we're already shipping through warehouse to all of our customers. This is a great example of executional excellence and working closely with our retail partners. We also continue to make good progress toward building our presence and scale in emerging markets. In this quarter, we posted continued growth. One highlight was the continued integration and growth of the Parati business we acquired in Brazil late last year. And we continue to improve the performance of our core four developed cereal markets. Canada, Australia and the UK all improved their performance in the quarter. The one exception is the U.S., who slipped backed a bit in a soft category during Q2, but we have plans to improve its performance going forward. From a financial perspective, we remain on track toward our full year guidance. Net sales performance was sequentially better than Q1. Year-on-year, it was abated by two factors that are being considered in our full year guidance. First, U.S. consumption remained soft. This was industry-wide and affected many of our categories. And second, we felt in Q2 the residual impact of Q1's customer negotiations regarding pricing on Pringles in Europe. But we knew this would be the case, as it takes time to ramp back up to normal promotional activity. Margin expansion continued with another quarter of improvement in our gross margin and another quarter with more than 100 basis points improvement in our operating margin. Clearly, our productivity initiatives are working and working well enough to offset the impacts of lower volume, investment in food and country mix. The result has been earnings and cash flow that are on track to achieve our full year guidance. So Q2 was on track for both a transformation and a financial standpoint. But make no mistake, getting back to top-line growth is our top priority. Slide 4 takes a closer look at what we are doing to return to a low single-digit net sales growth that can drive sustainable earnings and cash flow growth over time. Innovating and renovating our food and packaging to stay on or ahead of changing consumer trends is critical. In Q2, this progress is most visible in our stabilizing share of Special K and Kashi Company offerings in cereal, even as new media campaigns are just hitting the air. It's evident in the expanding distribution of our overall product lines with Special K and Kashi snack bars launched in Q1. And we've seen in Q2 growth in Eggo, where we removed artificial colors and ingredients earlier this year. Winning where the shopper shops is more important than ever in today's blurring channels. In U.S. Snacks, transitioning into warehouse distributional and out of DSD allows us to redeploy resources to brand-building and pack formats that can grow our brands in all channels. And across our business, we also continue to see exciting growth in emerging channels, notably e-commerce. We've talked previously about our new marketing model. And in Q2, there's evidence that we are making progress toward making our brand-building more effective and efficient. You can see it in the brands we've invested behind: share gains in U.S. Cereal for brands like Froot Loops and Frosted Flakes; momentum for U.S. Snacks brands like Cheez-It and Rice Krispies Treats; and steady improvement in our cereal business in the UK, Canada and Australia. Emerging markets are going to drive packaged food growth for years to come. We've dramatically built up our scale and presence in these markets in recent years. And Q2 featured continued progress in this area. Not only did we continue to grow organically in emerging markets during Q2, but we made good progress in integrating the already-growing Parati business we recently acquired to transform our business in Brazil. We also continue to generate double-digit growth in our unconsolidated joint ventures. These four elements will get us to top-line growth. I realize the progress is gradual, but the progress is there. Let me now turn it over to Fareed, who will walk you through our financial results and outlook.
John A. Bryant: Yes. Thanks, Matthew. I think we've made tremendous progress on our DSD transfer over to warehouse. And it's worth noting, as we did in the prepared comments, that, as of now, we're completely out of the DSD delivery system. We're now delivering all of our deliveries to customers through warehouse. I think Paul, Deanie and the entire team have done a tremendous job executing what I believe has been one of the most complicated transitions that any food company's attempted to do in the last several years in our industry. I'm going to hand over to Paul to give you more detail on where we stand on that, including the various discussions with our retail partners.
John A. Bryant: So, Ken, if I can just add to Paul's answer, I think we do need to do more to get cereal on trend with the health and wellness trends in the marketplace and absolutely believe that we have big opportunities in the category here. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, three of the four core markets are actually doing better this year, but if I could kind of point to what's driving that in each of the three, Australia is actually renovation of foods. The Nutri-Grain food is doing much better in Australia as we have improved the nutrition profile of that food, as well as Be Natural, our Kashi-equivalent brand in Australia is also doing extremely well. UK has been driven by a program around Corn Flakes and versatility and how you eat your Corn Flakes. And Canada is being driven by a strong brand-building behind core brands. So it's never one thing. It's a factor of varieties that can drive these categories, and we're confident we can make this work, given time.
John A. Bryant: Kevin, if I could just add, I think all retailers win from this DSD transition. I mean, they all have the opportunity to make a stronger margin out of our brands, and you can see the level of retailer support we've had from this project, just given that to make this transition as successful as it's been, we'd have to work very closely with every single retailer across the U.S. We've had tremendous engagement and support from our retail partners. And while some retail partners were better positioned at this point in time to go through this transition than others might be, there has been overwhelming support from our retail partners as we make this move.
John A. Bryant: I think we've made tremendous progress. So we've agreed to pricing. We've agreed to planograms. We've agreed the SKU reductions. In some cases obviously, we'll have less items on shelf. We know that, but we'll pick up more facings for key items on the shelf. We have gone through what's probably the most difficult, which is actually going from our people crating the orders and we physically delivering to the back of store, to our retail partners creating the orders and their labor supplying product to the shelf. All that is working incredibly well. So I'd say that, yes, in terms of the highest risk factors, we are through that now. There's still things to be done. We're still in hyper-care in Q3 to ensure that the shelves are set properly, that the product is flowing properly, but everything we can see is working well. In fact, the first wave customers, where we can see the performance of those customers, we can see that the in-stock performance is actually better in warehouse than it was when it was in DSD. So we feel extremely good about the progress. And I would say the big risk factors are behind us. Still, things can happen to us here, but I'm feeling very, very confident about where we stand on this program.
John A. Bryant: Yes. So we expect the back half underlying business to improve in the back half of the year. What's driving that is even though we'll have some more headwind from the price adjustment within U.S. Snacks, we expect a meaningfully stronger performance from our European business as our Pringles business in Europe comes back from promotional activity. We expect to see continued progress in businesses in North America such as Frozen and Kashi. And we expect to see our Latin American business return to growth in the back half of the year as well. So a number of factors outside of the DSD discussion; we're expecting to see a much stronger back half that will help offset a greater impact from the price reduction going through the DSD business in the back half of the year.
Paul T. Norman: Hey, Matthew, I'd just tell you it's gone and is going very well. We had great customer engagement. We have a great assortment. And we were proactive, as you probably are aware, in managing that assortment, from an SKU reduction point of view, but also with a focus on making our biggest brands and our bigger SKUs work harder within that assortment. So as SKUs come out, we gain space on our faster, harder-working SKUs. The pricing negotiations are all behind us. For competitive reasons and obviously other reasons, I'm not going to go into those, but those will flow through our P&L as we go forward. And there's been strong collaboration between our teams internally and our customer teams internally right all the way through this. We're out of DSD. The transition is complete. We're 100% shipping through warehouses. Our focus has pivoted to really the in-store environment right now, making sure that the ordering processes are working, the shelf hands are where they need to be, helping educate store-level employees on doing the job that we used to do. And through the data we're seeing come through in the customers we can see already, we're seeing in-stock's up, which is positive. The internal center of gravity is now very much in Deanie's team around contributing to growth. So we're executing against our pull model. Brand-building will be up significantly in the back half. Our promotional pressure comes back now in the back half following the pullback in Q2 to manage the transition. So you can expect good Back-to-School programs, fall football programs, holiday programs and the strengthening of our relation pipeline coming into 2018. Our team's done a great job and the financials are exactly where we thought they would be and on track for the year to come.
Paul T. Norman: Ken, let me take it up a level. If you look at the category, the history of that category, there have been cycles over the years that have driven the category. Those cycles are often related to health and wellness, positively and, many times, negatively. The whole fiber oat brand booms of prior years drove the category. Well frankly, through the end of the 1990s and into the 2000s, low-calorie, low-fat and weight management really drove the category. And no brands rode the category harder in those years than Special K. As we get through to 2010 and into the recent years, low-calorie, low-fat has come off trend and we have obviously been impacted significantly by that. What encourages me as I look forward and where science and nutrition is going, where the trends are, clearly what is big and right in front of us now and I think will be really important is gut health and the gut-brain connection, the importance of the microbiome and the importance of fiber coming back into people's diets, either prebiotic or probiotic benefits. Those things, considering nine out of 10 Americans don't get enough fiber today, I think are going to position our category extremely well to grow as we go forward. So the tailwind is coming back, in my opinion, following a short period here of headwind. For us, we need to reassert our credentials in these areas. So we'll do the hygiene work we're already doing, removing artificials, et cetera, but the big wins will come from upping our claims on existing brands like Raisin Bran, Mini-Wheats, around fiber and the importance of fiber and then, driving innovation into our adult brands, things like Special K with probiotics, et cetera, as we go forward. So that's how the health and wellness piece, for me, is encouraging and gives me belief that we can get this category back with a tailwind behind it. The other thing that's important, quite frankly, is how people eat today. And as you probably heard us talk before, 35-plus percent of cereal there is consumed outside of breakfast occasion. And in repositioning the category, it's a big word, to be more of an all-day food and an all-day snack to be consumed whenever you want, is, I think, critical to how we open up growth potential for the category, whether that's driving brands or Froot Loops, Frosted Flakes or Rice Krispies throughout the day through a recipe or consumption opportunity or whether it's bringing innovation in the area of convenience and affordability to the cereal category to unlock those opportunities throughout the day. And then last, and also important is, we got to keep the pressure on fun and taste in this category, which has always been an important part of what drives the heartbeat of the performance of the category. If I look today, the pressure on fun and taste is fine. The other two, we can do more.
Paul T. Norman: Okay. So big question; the reason we originally did this was a consumer shelf-driven strategic decision, given how, when you look at the food business and the retail business, how the shopper's shopping is changing so much. So the focus was to shift our resources away from what we consider for our business, at least, to be a demoted route to market and get our resources against the shopper, the brand-building resources we need in this changing environment that the shopper shops in. Talking top-to-top with our largest customers, they all see the benefits of moving in that direction because most of our customers are moving into a click-and-collect world. Our click-and-collect for our overall e-commerce business is actually doing extremely well. It's growing in the second quarter, up 70%-plus. So we're doing very well and that's total e-comm. So we need to feed that trend as we go forward by moving more of our resources, marketing dollars, people dollars, against where that world is going to be, not just e-commerce, but also the smaller format environments that are growing as well. We have a great warehouse system. Our customers have great warehouse systems. 75% of what we make as a company in North America already goes through a warehouse system, and we know we get better service and higher in-stocks in a warehouse system. So when we go to one delivered system to all of our retail partners, not just certain ones versus other ones, I can have a better deal-value-creation conversation about one platform delivered, shared efficiencies, scale benefits from the Kellogg Company that could help both us and them in what, let's face it, is a changing retail environment where they need to pivot some of their cost of investment against changing their model just to meet where the shopper shops. So I don't know if that's the answer you're looking for. It wasn't really about friction. It was about a big strategic move to get ahead of the shopper is why we did it.
Paul T. Norman: Every customer's different, to be honest. And that's not trying to skirt around the question, but some of the earlier customers, we proactively culled SKUs with the aim of strengthening our assortment to get a harder-working assortment behind our biggest brands. With some customers, we're gaining space on the shelf. Some customers, we're giving up space because of items we're deleting simplify everything, quite frankly, through the process. And then, we're regaining space behind those deletions around our biggest brands like Cheez-It or Rice Krispies Treats, et cetera. So it is a customer-by-customer picture. The aim of this, though, David, is to get a harder working portfolio. And remember, in a DSD world relative to a warehouse world, the customer margin in the warehouse world is higher than in a DSD world. So you have big mega brands with big brand-building investment, promotional pressure, there's a real incentive for the win-win here to drive these brands harder going forward.
Paul T. Norman: July will be the same because we're still transitioning through July. So July, we don't expect any difference. Our ramping up of programming really comes in in August. That will be offset by obviously inside the P&L. So, Nielsen data, you'll see some improvement. In the P&L you'll see the impact of the net sales. As for the commitment we made in the past to put margins up to the norm, that commitment still stands.
Paul T. Norman: Hey, Jonathan. Internally, we talk, focused very much on what we call the Core 6. There are six brands, which are our Frosted Flakes, Froot Loops, Rice Krispies, Special K, Mini-Wheats and Raisin Bran, plus one or two, which is Kashi, on account of the Kashi Company. Those brands cover the broad spectrum of needs in the cereal category. And so for the fundamentals of the category to work well, you have to have, we say, you've got to be firing on all cylinders across those six brands. That is innovation. That is renovation. That is great ideas. And that is excellence when it comes to in-store execution and leveraging the scale of those brands across our retail base. And so that's very much what we focus on. So what you said is where we're going or what we're doing. As I mentioned, there are areas we can do better. We need to focus more on those health and wellness credentials across our adult brands. We also need to adapt more to the changing shopper environment as we go forward and make sure that our foods, our brands are available in those areas where the shoppers are shopping down the road. So what you said is what we're doing.
Paul T. Norman: We segment this category through something we call demand chain. It looks at consumer and it looks at shopper. And it looks at cohorts within all different age groups. So we target, whether it's millennials, boomers, families, we constantly look at how the shopper shops as part of how we motivate and drive these brands. We can do more against boomers. And we can do more against millennials and Hispanics in our portfolio. We over-index against Hispanics and do very well there. Millennials, we need to drive relevancy. This is why versatility comes into play and this is why those health and wellness credentials are really important in today's environment, but also important in the environments in which they shop and how they shop.
