John A. Bryant: Alexia, we haven't provided guidance on those specific metrics. And as we look at reinvestment back in the business, the reinvestments, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, in 2014, are really focused on our core Cereal business and making some investments in emerging markets, as well as some capabilities within the business. We haven't set reinvestment for 2015, '16 and '17. Obviously, as we go along, we'll determine the best place to make those reinvestments. But at this stage, the primary focus of our reinvestment is to stabilize and rebuild momentum in our core businesses. We believe we do that through brand building, innovation, nutrition over time. That's where we're focusing. So we would expect to continue to improve our brand building as a percent of sales as we go forward.
John A. Bryant: Andrew, first, this is just the natural evolution, the next step in our strategy. If you look back over the last few years, in 2011, we reinvested back in our supply chain, and that part of our business has been performing incredibly well ever since. And in fact, the investments that we made at that time are now enabling us to do some of the Project K initiatives. Then we come forward from that, and we acquired Pringles, which enabled us to become, truly, a global player in Snacks. And we reimplemented SAP at the same time. As we come into 2013, 2014, we challenged ourselves to step back from the business and look for structural cost opportunities that we can retake and reinvest back in our business to drive the momentum and the brand building investment that we need to drive to get ourselves back on track. And that's really what we're doing here. It really has nothing to do with 3G highs. It just happens to be occurring at a similar point in time. It's all about investing in our strategies we took you through before and setting ourselves up for the future.
John A. Bryant: Yes, Eric, at this stage, we're making no changes to our long-term growth guidance: high single-digit EPS.
John A. Bryant: I think, if you look at our business right now, we're actually seeing some good growth in the international businesses. We're seeing some good growth here in the U.S. in specialty and in our Frozen Foods business over a period of time. The real challenge for us, really, is in Morning Foods and in Snacks. And in fact, within Snacks, the categories are doing okay. We have an opportunity to be more competitive and so invest more behind that business. On Cereal, we were growing Cereal low single digits across most of the 2000s. We did that when driving the adult portion of the portfolio. We had Kashi and Special K firing at all cylinders, and I think we can get back to that situation again. I wouldn't say the 2000s was a period of high growth within the packaged food business within center store either, but we've demonstrated the ability to grow that business low single digit in a number of different environments, and I think we can get back to that in the future.
John A. Bryant: If you look at the innovation on Cheez-It and Town House in Snacks in the third quarter, it's actually driving both of those businesses, with Cheez-It up about 5%, 6% and Town House actually up 20% in the third quarter. So we are seeing some good growth there. I think, if anything, the issue that we have on Snacks is the Special K Cracker Chips were such a big innovation last year, it's hard to sustain that. That size, that's coming down a little bit. That's weighing upon the -- on the Snacks business. So I think the trick here on innovation is to ensure the innovation is sustainable and to invest behind it over time. To invest behind it over time, you need more brand building. Hence, Project K gives us the funding to keep the brand building behind the innovation to sustain it in the marketplace.
John A. Bryant: David, on the advertising for the year, we expect advertising to essentially be flat year-on-year. It's up if you include the Pringles acquisition, but if you back out the Pringles acquisition, it's essentially flat. Within that, obviously, we have efficiency programs. We believe the underlying performance of the program is actually up, but in absolute dollars, it's relatively flat year-on-year.
John A. Bryant: Well, Ken, I think we're very pleased with the European performance in the third quarter. I think this represents now 3 quarters of growth over the last 4 in what's a very, very difficult environment in Europe. The big driver of the European performance in the third quarter was actually Pringles behind a very strong summer promotion program as opposed to a sell-in behind innovation on the breakfast side of the business. Having said that, I don't think we'll have the same level of growth in the fourth quarter as we had in the third quarter.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Chris. Our goal with this program is to reinvest back in our business and to gain momentum in our business and get back on our sustainable growth model, and we'll continue to reinvest back in the business until we see that happen. And so I think that's going to be over the next few years. So I think it's very hard for us to predict today what might be happening in 2017, 2018. We haven't given 2014 guidance yet. We'll do that in the fourth quarter conference call. It is fair to say, because these are structural cost changes, they take time to execute and see the savings come through, so the 2014 savings will be meaningfully lower than the normal run rate of savings that we'll achieve in later years.
John A. Bryant: We are planning to hold at those low inventories, so we haven't built into expectations inventories jump back up again, but they are unusually low at the end of the third quarter.
John A. Bryant: Rob, if I come back to your first question about the performance of the Cereal business, I think the category is down around 3% to 4%, and our consumption is down around 5%. So I think if we hadn't had the Olympics in the year prior, we probably would have done in line with, if not better than, the underlying category. So that's what's going on in terms of the numbers within Cereal. On the executive compensation and Project K, we do not have an executive compensation program beyond our normal compensation programs. Our normal compensation programs focus on net sales, operating profit, cash flow, both in the year which we're in, as well as on a 3-year period. And I believe those programs are consistent to drive the right motivation and behavior behind executing Project K flawlessly.
John A. Bryant: I guess the good news, Tim, is the Raisin Bran Omega-3 is doing well, and Raisin Bran's in growth behind both that innovation, as well as the broader healthy dividends campaign. So we've demonstrated the ability to engage consumers on that key messaging with those core Kellogg equities such as Raisin Bran. I think on Kashi, you're absolutely right. I mean, Kashi has been a great source of growth over many years, and our opportunity on Kashi is to push it back towards that pioneering nutrition. It became a little bit too mainstream. That's one of the reasons why we have an issue with Kashi right now and why we are innovating more towards those forward-leaning nutritionists, the people who are on the edge of the nutrition, forward thinkers, forward leaners, however you want to describe them. And so parts of our portfolio will do that, and other parts of our portfolio will be more mainstream.
John A. Bryant: Well, Ken, I think it has, in part, to do with the development of the markets. So we saw, say, in Latin America and Asia-Pacific, growth in both Cereal and in Snacks. We saw growth in Snacks in Europe but not growth in Cereal. And obviously, we're struggling a little bit here in the U.S. So I think it has to do with the developing, emerging nature of the markets in Latin America and in Asia-Pacific, as well as -- Pringles is a slightly bigger percentage of some of those regions than, we'll just say, in the U.S. So we have some additional Pringles benefit there as well.
John A. Bryant: No. If anything, I would say that the work we do in Asia-Pacific and Latin America, say, on Cereal is more category-building in nature. And quite frankly, you come back and look at our U.S. Cereal business, I think that's where we have an opportunity to do more category-building work. If you look at the pressures on the U.S. Cereal category, it's actually not so much pressure within the category as pressure from categories around Cereal. I think we, as manufacturers in Cereal, have the opportunity to step up and reengage consumers on why cereal was such a good benefit at the breakfast occasion. I think we can do more of that in the U.S. Quite frankly, we already do that in some of the emerging markets.
John A. Bryant: Bryan, I think if you look over the next few years, it's likely that our sales growth will probably be a little below that 3% to 4% growth because we're building momentum back into the business. As you go forward and we have the sustainable growth model working the way we want it to work, I think we should be looking at fairly balanced sources of growth between volume, price and mix. Obviously, over the next few years, I think volume will be a little bit harder to come by as we're driving that sustainable growth model and reinvesting back in the business.
John A. Bryant: I think it is fair to say that, in a market like North America, we have excess capacity in the Cereal network. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us. Our strategy hasn't changed. As you know, last year, as part of that strategy, we acquired Pringles, which opened up additional opportunities for growth. We have some businesses around the world that are performing well and are gaining category share. We're seeing great results in the Pringles business in an exciting category. We have some great ideas for investing, both in innovation and in brand building, and we have some white spaces in which we can invest and drive new source of growth. We need to pursue the opportunities we have in our existing businesses and categories and in new areas of growth. So as a result, we've announced Project K, a significant growth and efficiency program. With it, we will change the cost structure of the company. We will invest in each of our strategic priorities, and over the long term, we will focus our investment in those areas where we expect to see the most growth in the years to come. This a difficult process, but Project K is a pragmatic program designed to be a catalyst for future growth, and it's the right thing to do for the company over the long term. So as I conclude, I'd just like to say thank you to the Kellogg employees around the world. They are the heart and soul of this company, and it's their hard work that will drive the company's success in the years to come. Thank you.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, Eric. First, recall what I said was that the cash impact in 2013 is going to be relatively minimal. As you can appreciate, there are some cash investments upfront associated with capital and the other investments we're making to generate savings as well, and then the cash savings will build or improve over time. And as a foundation, we do generate strong cash within the business. But we do expect that our debt levels could increase up to $0.5 billion over the next 2 to 3 years. Now we are working on an initiative in accounts payable, and this isn't embedded at this point in time, that might provide us some cash benefit. In terms of impact to our dividend and share repurchase programs, we do not expect any impact at this point in time. Instead, we expect the debt levels to go up slightly.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, David. Remember, we guided sales at a range of 4% to 5%, down from the approximate 5% that we guided in the third quarter. So as we looked at our year-to-date performance, we synced up or adjusted Q4 to be more in line. So we are expecting internal growth in sales in the fourth quarter. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we do see some challenges, particularly in the U.S., around our U.S. Cereal business and the Snacks business, but we're making the appropriate actions to get those back on track in the future. And then when you look at the growth from an operating profit and earnings per share standpoint, I think it's important to understand that we have the internal sales growth we're expecting, consistent with our year-to-date trends, and that we have the net deflation as well, which is providing a benefit to us in cost structure. It's allowing us to get confidence in our operating profit and earnings per share expectations.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Absolutely. So as you're probably aware, Jason, this is not a new concept. A number of other companies have gone down this path. The intent is to create a much more efficient and effective basis for our processes and to standardize those processes across the globe. So some examples of the processes would include thing like purchase-to-pay or procure-to-pay, the order-to-cash process as well. This point in time, there are really 4 functions that are involved in this global business services initiative: finance, human resources, IT and supply chain. Of course, intent is to enable these processes by technology, and we believe that it will set us up with an extraordinarily strong foundation for the future in this area.
Ronald L. Dissinger: In terms of impact, obviously, we continue to generate very strong cash flow. And our expectation, though debt levels will rise, is to pay down that debt over time and maintain our credit rating at this point.
Ronald L. Dissinger: It'll be a little bit more front-loaded, which is why I mentioned that we might see our debt levels go up over the next 2 to 3 years by about $0.5 billion. As you can imagine, we're making the investments, both P&L-type investments and capital spending-type investments, more at the front of the program to generate the savings over the 4-year period.
