John A. Bryant: Thanks, Simon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Today, we announced second quarter earnings per share that were broadly in line with our expectations. We saw growth in Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific and in Specialty Channels in the U.S., and Pringles continue to do well around the world. However, as you've heard from other companies recently, the sales environment continues to be very difficult in major developed markets, and this affected our performance in the second quarter as well. As a result, sales growth and operating profit were lower than we anticipated. However, earnings per share were broadly in line with expectations in a challenging environment. As Ron will discuss in more detail in a few minutes, as a result of the environment we've seen so far this year, we're lowering our guidance for 2014. We now expect that internal net sales will be down between 1% and 2%. Underlying internal operating profit will be down between 1% and 3%, and a currency-neutral comparable earnings per share will be between up 1% and down 1%. We are disappointed by our performance in 2014 and are committed to returning our business to long-term growth. We already invest a significant $1.5 billion a year in brand building, an industry-leading level as a percentage of sales. And as you know, we intend to increase our investment in revenue-driving activities, including brand building and sales execution as part of the Project K initiative. But before we talk about that in more detail, let me turn to Slide 4 and a brief overview of Project K and how we're funding the extra investment. Project K is our 4-year global efficiency and effectiveness program, and it continues to progress well. As you know, Project K is designed to ensure that we have the right capacity in the right locations to enable us to meet customer demand and market trends. As a result, we have made the difficult decision to close our London, Ontario cereal plants and are in consultation to take production out of that plant in Manchester, U.K. Despite these actions, we may still have more capacity than we need in our cereal network. In addition to the items we've discussed with you previously, we recently announced that we have plans to reduce excess capacity in the snacks business in the U.S. Also, as we highlighted last quarter, the move to global business services continues to go well. This is a three-tiered model, which will include local, regional and global services. We remain on track to open the first regional center, which will support North America in the third quarter of this year, and we've announced our intention to open a center in Europe. Let's turn to Slide 5 for a discussion of some of the actions we are taking with the savings generated by this program. We currently invest in advertising at industry-leading levels and have so for some years. Part of that is due to the categories in which we compete, as they are large, profitable and highly branded. So while we intend to continue to increase investment over the long term, at or above the rate of sales growth, we are also taking steps in the near term to increase the effectiveness and impact of the $1.5 billion we currently invest in brand building. First, we have a portfolio of strong brand equities, and we'll continue to nurture and enhance their relevance through the use of strong campaign ideas that differentiate and break through. For example, we're driving the relevance of the Kellogg's parent brand with consumers by communicating about our sustainability initiatives and philanthropic initiatives, such as Breakfast for Better Days. We know that consumers are looking for companies that share their values, and these campaigns demonstrate our commitment to the environment and the community. Second, in a fragmented media landscape, we are focused on following the consumer as their immediate consumption habits evolve. Today, we invest more than 20% of our media in digital properties, and we will continue to shift media to where and when the consumer engages for the greatest impact. Third, as many consumers seek personalized one-to-one communication, we will continue to expand our database of over 20 million consumers in the U.S. and reach out to them with personalized communications and offers on the brands of their choice. Finally, recognizing we are competing in a multicultural landscape, we are actively engaging the Hispanic audience. So we're focusing on new investment and on increasing the effectiveness of what we already spend. We see this as a meaningful opportunity. We will continue to evaluate all of our spending and generate great ideas that will drive profitable revenue growth. And I'll turn it over to Ron for a discussion of our financial results.
John A. Bryant: Chris, specifically to cereal, we do expect the category to improve slightly as we go through the back part of the year, and our performance to be more in line with the category. Clearly, we've been a bit off that pace in the front half of the year. A few things that we're doing to drive that, I mean, we do have the feet on the street going back into a U.S. cereals organization. Today, we have about 30% of those positions filled. Next month, we should be at about 50%. By October, we should be fully staffed. I think they will help us improve our performance. And we are really focused on improving and driving our cereal business as we go into 2015.
John A. Bryant: As we look at our trade inventories across the business, we think they're in fairly reasonable shape. And remember our cookie, cracker, wholesome snacks business is DSD-delivered. So you don't have a lot of inventory in a DSD system. Our cereal inventories in the U.S. are broadly in line with where they are at this time of year. So we don't see any big inventory overhang at this time
John A. Bryant: Alexia, let me take the cereal question first, and then I'll move to your portfolio question. On cereal, and we've talked about this before, I think there's really 2 issues going on here. One is there's a category relevance issue, and the second is there's some Kellogg-specific issues in some key brands. And if I think about where we are in the category, the category is down about 5%. The good news is the breakfast occasion is growing, but unfortunately, there are more alternative breakfast. And I think we need to change our communication to help people understand how cereal can better meet their needs at breakfast than some of those other alternatives. To do that, we're driving more investment behind things like our cereal and milk program in the U.S. and Canada, the origins program in Europe and a program in Australia we call brains and bones. That is about kid development. So as you look at those programs, we're trying different things around the world. So it's [indiscernible] what resonates best, and we'll quickly share those learnings around the world. So we have focused not just on our brands, but also how we compete more broadly at a macro-category level at the breakfast occasion. As you go within our brands, there are some parts where we are reducing investment, to your question, in particular FiberPlus and Crunchy Nut are brands that, quite frankly, have not worked out for us. And they're about half a share drag on our business in Q2 alone. We are still absolutely committed to investing and improving the performance of other key parts of the business that are not performing the way we'd like, such as Special K and Kashi. On Special K, we think this is a tremendous business with tremendous opportunity, however I think we need to change how we communicate the benefits of Special K as people's expectations of weight management changes around the world. So we're seeing softness, not just in Special K, but diet sodas, reduced calorie, Frozen Foods, et cetera. Weight management programs are also under pressure. So I think consumers are changing their views on weight management from reduced calories to nutritious foods. Now Special K can absolutely meet that criteria, it's a very nutrient-dense food form, but we haven't been communicating it that way. So we are increasing our communication more down that path as opposed to reduce calories. And then, I think, the decision to put Kashi back in La Jolla will enable us to speed up our development process, be much more nimble, agile. And that, I think, will help us drive that business as well. So I think you can see us investing back in key parts of our cereal business. On the portfolio question itself, I think we have made a wonderful acquisition in Pringles, and it has done a couple of things for us. It has more than doubled our international snacks business and tripled the size of the company in certain key emerging markets. And that growth platform, I think, we are only in early days in terms of realizing the potential. And we just have capacity coming on now in Europe and this time next year in Malaysia. So as we think about our business, we have growth strategies in areas of breakfast, which is primarily cereal, snacks, Frozen Foods in emerging markets. And we'll continue to look at M&A opportunities to expand those platforms, particularly, say, international snacks. But I would say that we are very focused on our current portfolio. We think our current portfolio is very strong, and the goal for us is to return the current portfolio to growth as opposed to fundamentally reshape the portfolio.
John A. Bryant: Let me take the first question on -- so I can't think of a better person than Paul Norman to be running the U.S. cereal business right now. Paul, as you know, stepped into the Chief Growth Officer role for us. Within that, he had the global breakfast team and global snacks team reporting to him, as well as R&D. He's been helping us create the long-term growth strategy for the company. Paul has tremendously deep experience in the cereal business globally and in the U.S. in particular. Paul ran the Morning Foods business for about 5 or so years back in the 2000s, quite frankly, over the period of greater success for the Kellogg Company in the U.S. Paul was running that business. He knows absolutely what is required to get the business back on track, and he's helping us work on an exciting restage of the cereal business in 2015. So as you think about this cereal business, we need to have all guns loaded going to 2015. We need category-building activity, brand-specific activity, large tent-pole events in-store, which enable us to execute in-store with excellence. Innovation or renovation is on trend for where consumers are heading, and put the feet back on the street in terms of improve the merchandising support behind the business. So I'm excited to have Paul have responsibility for that business. I think he will absolutely help us get this business back on track where we need it to be. On the question on Kantar cereal advertising, we have increased our advertising in cereal, particularly here in Q2. What I will highlight is, sometimes, it's hard to track where that advertising is going because of increasing spend in areas like digital and so on. I'm not sure how Kantar would even be able to track some of that spend. So I'm not sure of the methodology that Kantar is using, but I can assure you from a Kellogg perspective, we are absolutely spending more behind advertising in cereal in the U.S.
John A. Bryant: Okay. I can't talk about what the pricing environment might be later this year, but the way we think about the categories we operate in, they're all intensely-competitive categories. I'd say that they're all relatively rational. We are seeing some reduced promotion effectiveness for a couple of reasons. Some retailers are putting multiple manufacturers on the one display, which reduces the effectiveness of that display, quite frankly, not just for us, but for the retailer as well. We have to look at the quality of quality merchandising in some of our businesses we've seen, less front-of-store displays or back-of-store displays. So as we look at the business, we think we have an opportunity to improve our merchandising performance, and we're doing that by adding Kellogg sales reps back into the cereal business and investing back in our DSD business in snacks. Having said that, the primary way to drive this business is through brand building, innovation, renovation. And that's where we see the long-term growth opportunity, which is why when we talk about investing back in our business, investing back to improve the quality of our current merchandising programs and to improve the quality and amount of our brand-building investment to engage consumers more effectively.
John A. Bryant: So David, I think the answer is both on Special K. So if you look at what's happening on weight management brands, to your point, whether it be diet soda, weight loss programs, various [indiscernible] primarily on being reduced calorie. That's really not sufficient anymore to engage with the weight management consumer. That consumer is now looking not just for lower calories, but for benefits of food. In some respects, to move from calorie deprivation to I want to eat great healthy food. And we do believe we have an opportunity to change our communications, that our current food actually does meet that need of the consumer. And we have the ability to innovate with new product launches that are even more on trend, and to renovate some of the food in some of the markets in which we operate in. So for example, our Special K business in wholesome snacks in the U.S., I think we have an opportunity to renovate that food and make it even more on trend from a weight management perspective.
John A. Bryant: We're watching these investments very closely to understand and track their impact and then learn and reapply rapidly. As I've said, we're doing different programs around the world. Here in North America, it was more cereal and milk-related from a category-building perspective. In Europe, it's origins. In Australia, it's brains and bones. And we will rapidly reapply based on what we see gets the biggest impact. Quite frankly, how well we execute these programs also is a key driver. So for example, in Canada in Q2, we had the cereal and milk program. It was actually very successful the retailers really got behind it, merchandised milk with cereal. And we actually stabilized our cereal business in Canada in Q2 and cereal sales were relatively flat. We gained almost a share point in the quarter. So we saw good outcome there. We had pockets of excellence in the execution in the U.S., but we were a little bit more patchy in it. Quite frankly, I think we have an opportunity to continue to drive that execution. And that's part of the reason why we're putting some of the reps back into the U.S. sales organization to help us with the in-store merchandising and help us with the execution of these programs. So if you think about how we track the performance of these programs, they're not programs that are necessarily designed to immediately turn the business. These are longer-term consumer brand building-type programs. They take time to measure and track. But clearly, we would have hoped to have seen a better response in cereal in Q2 than what we received. We did see a better response, in fact, in Canada. The back part of this year we'll have a better sense of how well these programs are working, and then we'll alter and reapply as we go into 2015.
John A. Bryant: It is a bit more of a change, Andrew. We are increasing the focus on individual brands. There was some individual brand orientation in the original work, but I think we're seeing the ability to bring it to life in-store and through the whole 360 degrees is benefited by actually bringing specific brands into the programs themselves.
John A. Bryant: Well certainly looking at our network, as I've said in the prepared remarks. We do believe we may have some excess cereal capacity. I think if you look at the performance of some of the other cereal manufacturers, I don't think we'll be surprised if they have some excess capacity as well. I think, though, they're in a better position to talk to their capacity position than I am.
John A. Bryant: I think if we go back to the last quarterly conference call, the guidance I gave on cereal is that we expected the category to be down for the year and for our performance to improve through the year to be more in line with the category. It's fair to say we're a little bit disappointed with our performance in cereal in Q2, but we still have confidence that we will improve the performance as we go through the year. I believe cereal is a long-term growth potential category. Now in a market like the U.S., it's probably low-single digits, but the company did grow cereal in the U.S, 3% to 4% on a dollar-sales perspective across most of the 2000s. And when we did that, we had tremendous brand-building programs. We had great innovation. We had excellent in-store execution. So I believe we have the ability to do that. I do believe the category is under some pressure right now from some of these breakfast alternatives. I believe we'll resolve that by both having outstanding brand-specific activity, but also by coming back and reminding consumers of how the benefits of this category is better than -- is stronger than a lot of the other alternatives at the breakfast occasion. So I do believe that ultimately, this is up to the manufacturers to improve our performance. I believe we have an opportunity as a company to definitely bring better, stronger programs to market. As we think about restaging our cereal business going to 2015, that's what we're working to do. So I'm not trying to suggest it's an immediate bounce back, David. I think this category will be under some pressure for some time, but I do believe it can return to growth.
John A. Bryant: I absolutely believe that we can and we'll return this category to growth, and the manufacturers are focused on doing that. And we are definitely focused on doing that.
John A. Bryant: Eric, the business now is in the sort of low 400s in terms of size, and we believe it has tremendous growth potential from there. The -- David Denholm will be with the company here in the back half of the year, and we expect to have that team up and operating at the end of the year. So we're going to go through a process of moving the business back to La Jolla. The whole purpose of moving the business back to La Jolla is to increase the rate of speed, the agility, to be able to get on trends much faster and be more aligned with that community. So I expect it to have a faster impact than, say, turning around more of a mainstream business. However, it will take some time because it is still one of the largest natural foods businesses in the United States, in fact, in the world. So we'll need to innovate, renovate and get back on our front foot in that business. So I think we'll be doing that through '15 and '16. I'm not going to give a sales forecast for what I think's going to happen to one business, though, as we look out over the next -- over '15 or '16.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, Chris. This is Ron. In terms of our total company revenue expectation for the balance of the year, as we look at the third quarter, revenue is a little bit better, but pretty comparable to the second quarter. We do see an improving trend as we get into the fourth quarter. But as you know, we're down about 2% on a year-to-date basis in terms of our sales performance on an internal basis and our expectation is to be down 1% to 2% for the full year. So we're not banking on significant changes in our revenue position for the balance of the year, but there is slight improvement.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Well, as I mentioned on the call earlier, Jason, we are covered at approximately 90% at this point in time. I think the thing you have to remember also is you're looking at the exchange-traded commodities, which are a small percentage of the total market basket of inputs that we buy, that go into our food by a number of things across commodities, packaging and energy as well. And we've said before, we've seen increases or inflation across packaging. We've seen increases in fruits and nuts, a number of things, energy as well. Now I did say that our inflation was much more front-end weighted. And as a result, we will see improvement in terms of our net inflation position or net deflation position as we move into the back end of the year. Our inflation will come down to much lower levels, and our savings will ramp up as we go through the balance of the year. And that's helping us from a profitability standpoint, particularly as we get into the fourth quarter. So some of what you are seeing within our performance also could be attributable to the positions that we took as we came into the year, and the fact that we are now 90% covered on our commodities.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, so in terms of our brand building, what I had said in the prepared remarks was that we were up at a mid-single-digit rate within the second quarter performance. On our brand building, as we said, we expect to invest at a rate that's equal to or greater than our sales performance. Now our sales have come down, so our brand building has come down a little bit. We've pulled some brand building out, where we weren't seeing the effectiveness of that investment impacting our business. Now what I would say, though, is we are still reinvesting the savings that we committed associated with Project K behind the cereal category relevance messaging, and also behind sales resources across our U.S. cereal and our U.S. Snacks business.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes, you do understand that correctly. So our inflation comes down significantly in the back half of the year, and our productivity ramps up as well. So we experience net deflation and more so in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Well, first of all, I guess, let me talk about why we are valued, where we are valued at this point in time. And let me remind you, Venezuela's a relatively small part of the business in comparison to the total company. It's around 1% to 2% of our sales, and it's around 2% of our operating profit. We do manufacture the majority of our product within the country. Now we do pull some raw materials and packaging materials from outside of the country into the country to be able to do that manufacturing. But Eric, we've been able to get access to funds at the official rate when we have done that, we are also deemed a priority industry by the government. The valuation of the business is really based on facts and circumstances. And based on these facts and circumstances, we were able to value the business at the 6.3, the official rate. Now we're making sure that investors and analysts are clear within our disclosures, we're giving you the information on our net asset position, and then as well the earnings per share impact, and I communicated that earlier on the call. If we were to devalue the business today to that SICAD 1 rate, it would impact us by about $0.07 to $0.09 on an earnings per share basis. If we were to move to the SICAD 2 rate, it would be about double that, Eric.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Priority industry and able to get the dollars out, that is correct -- or dollars in, I should say, at the official rate.
