Steve Cahillane: I would not characterize our guidance for the back half of the year as conservative. I would characterize it as prudent. And it was always back weighted if you'll recall. So there is a significant shift in our profile from the first half to the second half. What gives us confidence is the return to organic net sales growth across all four regions and the fact that the investments that we put in place are working. We did have a lot of disruption in the first half that we were anticipating. So if you think about what we've achieved despite a divestiture, despite a major reorganization in both Europe and North America, we are very proud and pleased with the performance of our people. But it gives us the ability to look at the second half and some of the investments that we didn't put in Q2, we are putting into Q3 to sustain the momentum but we believe it gives us a very good chance to achieve exactly what we said we would achieve but I wouldn't characterize it as conservative, I would say it's straight down the middle. Then in terms of Brexit, obviously Brexit is - it's still out there. We can't predict any better than anybody else exactly what will happen. There is a new Prime Minister, who seems very committed to Brexit and we continue to make the type of contingency plans that we've talked to in the past, but nothing new to report on that matter.
Steve Cahillane: I'll start and then Amit can build on it. We are still - the things that we've talked about in the past in terms of input costs and a strong inflationary environment, as well as mix continue to be the issues that we're facing. And as we've talked, we're going to see sequential improvement as we go throughout the quarters with the best performance in gross margin being in the fourth quarter and then entering into 2020. And so that hasn't really changed all that much we've had to shift some of our CapEx investments into capacity and away from On the Go, just as we stay agile and pivot based on strong demand and things like Rice Krispies Treats and Cheez-It and so forth to make sure we have the right levels of capacity. But you will see - continue to see sequential improvement in the gross margin as we've discussed as we - as we get into the back half of this year and into 2020.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, thanks for the question, Chris. Clearly, we did an awful lot in the price package harmonization efforts in the first half of this year, a very consequential redo of our price package architecture. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we couldn't really talk too much about this and tip our hand in terms of, you're not going to go public and say, we're going to stop promoting. The category is currently running at about minus 1%. I think that's a reasonable forecast. We have been losing share as we've gone through this price package harmonization because of our significant pullback on promotions as we went through it. We are not in the shared donation business. So we would expect to be back exactly where we would like to be, which is at a minimum growing with the category or staying right at the category at a minimum. But what I would tell you is just to kind of re-emphasize, despite the challenges and headwinds in the U.S. cereal, the fact that North America was able to post a solid 1% growth despite this, we're very proud of the team and what they've gone through and what they did to deliver that type of result. And I think it really again shows the strength of the Snacks portfolio, the Frozen portfolio, the Specialty portfolio and the different balance they were achieving in North America and indeed around the world.
Steve Cahillane: Not really a frame of reference, but I think the focus would be on Q3 because it's about what we've heard from the first half of this year into the second half. We've got really good momentum in the top line. We definitely plan on sustaining that. So from a brand building standpoint, we'll be looking at the third quarter as a good opportunity to take some of that shift from the first half of the year.
Steve Cahillane: No, I wouldn't expect that puts pressure on our margins. There is a lot of noise in the first half because again it was such a consequential redo of our price package architecture. But you can think about us getting back to normal competitive levels and obviously for competitive reasons, we're not going to get into great detail around exactly what we're going to do.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, thanks, Jason. I'd say a couple of things. First, we are lapping a significant step up that started in the back half of 2017. And as I've said in the past, we feel pretty good about where we are from a brand building investment as a percentage of sales and will remain agile and we'll do the things necessary to put the right level of pressure behind the brands, but remember we're lapping a significant double-digit increase from two years ago and so that's got something to do with the SG&A efficiencies. We've also got a reorganization that's coming through. We've got overall really good zero overhead growth practices and good strict, we've good disciplines around overall cost. And so that's driving good SG&A efficiency. And as I said, some of it is deferred into the third quarter as well, but if the question is do you have enough brand building and how do you like where you're at. I think we can point to our organic sales growth in all four regions and say that doesn't happen by accident, obviously it happen because we put the right capabilities in place, we put good pressure against good commercial ideas in place and you're seeing the type of results flow through on Cheez-It on Pop-Tarts on Pringles and RXBAR and so we'll continue in that vein.
Steve Cahillane: I would say it's all of the marketing mix coming together in a really meaningful way underpinned by excellent execution. So if you take a couple of examples of that. Pringles in Europe, we are lapping the World Cup from two years ago, it would take a very good commercial idea to make that come to life and they came out with Rice Fusion as an innovation and gaming as a commercial idea and executed incredibly well and lapped growth, on growth and talking about lapping strong double-digit growth. Cheez-It in the United States. You have Snap'd as a terrific innovation backed with very good commercial ideas coming through and you know and it's the right brand building that supporting those brands as well as innovation and then the On-the-Go offerings, which we always said, we're very under-indexed in, so it's targeting new channels in new occasions with the right commercial idea is the right innovation all bolstered by strong execution. And so, we've done that in a lot of our portfolio and much of it is showing through in all 4 regions. We recognize, we still have work to do. The number one item under construction is U.S. Cereal, but we're taking a meaningful and purposeful approach to that through the price package architecture and approaching it the same way that we've approached all those other big brands that I just mentioned.
Steve Cahillane: We're not going to give any guidance on the regions. And I would just re-emphasize that we have a lot of confidence in our 1% to 2% reaffirming that top line guidance, we feel very good about the North American business, what's happening in Snacks, what's happening in Frozen, the RTEC we're past the big disruptions in the first half. And so we feel confident that the North American team is delivering and feel very confident that they'll continue to deliver.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So I think. I think that the $1 billion, is a good baseline and going forward, and I think on CapEx you that we do the ongoing prioritization of CapEx that you would expect us to do, I think, Steve mentioned, we think good demand in some of our, in some of our areas, and so we are prioritizing capacity to service the demand, but nothing, nothing really significant in change from a CapEx standpoint.
Steve Cahillane: I'd tell you a couple of things. It's really, it's starting with the consumer-first approach and aisle shopability and shelf shopability. Prior to the transformation, we had a very large number of different sized SKUs could not ship on the same pallets, could not display on the same pallets and looked awkward on the shelf next to each other. So, it allows for cross brand promotion, allows for better shopability. Yes, there is a benefit in the factories obviously, when you take out complexity in the number of SKUs, clearly that's in there. So there is a lot of meaningful benefits that accrue to the moves that we've made, but it really starts with the consumer first approach to making our brands simpler to shop. Operator, I think we have time for one more question.
Steve Cahillane: I think you probably should think about a lot of it being timing related. I wouldn't point to any meaningful change in the competitive landscape in North America in any of our categories. We are happy that we're seeing stronger base sales that's coming from the brand-building investments to good innovations, the momentum in the brands, and we have a brand - a number of brands that are growing double-digits, obviously the retailers happy with that, consumers happy with that, we're happy with that allowing for that base business to continue to grow. But I wouldn't point to any significant change in the competitive landscape. We're just, we're feeling very good about where our brands are relative to the momentum, particularly in Snacks and Frozen and a clear understanding, a very clear-eyed understanding of what we need to do in U.S. cereal to get to a better place as well.
Amit Banati: Yes. So I think you know, firstly a couple of comments on that. One is the tender - so from a 2019 standpoint, the tender costs will offset the interest savings. So from a P&L standpoint we expect it to be net neutral. I think from a debt-to-EBITDA level, it will get us in the four range.
Amit Banati: No I think Steve you've covered it. I think the mechanical impact as I mentioned in my prepared remarks will turn favorable as we get into the back half, so that drag goes away. And then I think you know some of the actions we will have better comps versus a year ago and then some of the actions on the On the Go formats, such as the repacking centers, et cetera will come into play in the second half. So I think the combination of all of that will result in an improving trend in gross margins as we go through the year.
Amit Banati: Yes, I think that would still be our expectation. I think you know; we remain on track with our major initiatives.
Amit Banati: Yes, so as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we forecasted a negative 4 to 5 full year OP impact, operating profit impact, as a result of not having the divested brand profits for 5 months. This impact may seem a little high but remember this was a very well-integrated business and much of the indirect expense stays with us during the initial transition period, before we can start reducing that trade. We're not going to give guidance on 2020. There will be an impact, neck in 2020. But we are working through that as we finalize the TSA agreements.
Amit Banati: Yes. So I think - like we said for this year, right, the overall impact would be 4 to 5 on operating profit dilution of 4 to 5 and that includes whatever benefits we're getting from the TSA this year.
Amit Banati: Yes, just to give you a little bit more color on Multipro. I think if you kind of step back and look at it at our Africa strategy we decided the top 3 economies in Africa, Nigeria, South Africa and Egypt and we've made investments in all three, that places us really well in terms of the Africa opportunity going forward. So I'd start with that, I think you know within Nigeria which is the largest economy in Africa we've made a number of investments. So Multipro is the distribution arm and the activation arm, we've also made an investment in Dufil, which is a leading food company in Nigeria. It's the number one player in Noodles which is the number one package foods category in that country and we have close to an 80 share in Noodles. We've also set up a joint venture for Cereal and Snacks. We've launched Kellogg range of Snacks. We've put in a new manufacturing facility in Nigeria and that's off to a very strong start. We see a big opportunity on snacks in that market. The Snacks category is still forming and again we are well placed with the distribution that Multipro brings as well as our global snacks portfolio to shape that category in the next decade. So Multipro is one element, a critical element of our overall win in Nigeria and win in Africa strategy.
