A. D. MacKay: Thanks, John. In summary, we're pleased with our first quarter performance. We expect that the pressure on our top line this quarter will continue during Q2 and then improve in the back half of the year. The top line is expected to be in line with our 2010 and long-term guidance of 2% to 3%. We're focused on leveraging the current environment to our advantage, to build Kellogg into an even stronger company for the future. We will continue to renovate our current products and draw out new innovation to address consumer's growing and evolving needs while differentiating and enhancing our portfolio. We're optimizing our global organization and striving for enhanced effectiveness in many areas of our business. And as we have said, we'll continue to invest in brand building and in other areas of the business to make Kellogg stronger.  Our 2010 financial performance will be driven by moderate top line growth, coupled with our cost savings, productivity momentum and continued investments. We've almost reached the halfway point of our three-year $1 billion-plus cost challenge. We're on track, and these savings will help us drive efficiency gains, offset future commodity and energy inflation and provide the fuel to sustain our momentum. All of these elements, combined with excellent financial visibility, support our increased confidence that we're on track to deliver on our 2010 guidance. While we feel good about the future, we're also pragmatic about the current consumer, customer and comparative dynamics and the impact on our business during 2010. And we believe that we're addressing and reflecting this environment in our outlook. Our business model and strategy remain relevant and resilient. We remain committed to managing our business to cash and long-term sustainable and dependable growth. And I'd now like to open it up for questions.
A. D. MacKay: Well, I think, Alexia, two things because there's a lot of factors in that. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, our advertising expenditure was down in Q1. That will come back and increase through Q2, Q3, for the rest of the year. We had some discrete tax benefits. Our sales were probably a little bit stronger than we feel as was our gross margin. I mean, you think about the sales gross margin areas, a couple of things are likely to happen there. We thought inventories would come down in U.S. Cereal and because of the timing of Easter and April promotions, that did not occur. So that'll probably come out in Q2, Q3. We also saw in the U.K. probably about a one-point impact on our performance across Europe because of strong inventory build for promotions in April and the timing of Easter there, as well. But we're off to a great start for the year. We plan to invest back to build the company, to make ourselves stronger in this environment. And we remain very confident in hitting our numbers.
A. D. MacKay: Yes, I think the category reminds long term, very strong. If you look at the first quarter in the U.S. and if you take the major markets around the world, the category in the first quarter a year ago was up anywhere from 5% to 8%, so significantly stronger. So in the U.S., we're up against tough comps, it grew 6% to 7%. You're seeing a lot of retailer-driving traffic through the category. Consumers buying more on deal as in channel shifting, people looking to get the best value they can. So our expectation was we feel a little bit of softness in Q2, a bit of second half, but long term, we don't see any issues for the category whatsoever. It will remain vibrant, and we'd expect that the second half to return to more normal growth rates.
A. D. MacKay: Yes, I think it was Raisin Bran Extra, which is an innovation. It's probably just another way of driving a little bit of value on the short term in and out. We occasionally do those. It's not singling anything of any significance. So actually the picture didn't send you a message that was unintended.
A. D. MacKay: Without wanting to get too specific on what a competitor might do, there's no question that they did appear to trail off in their activities, and I think we saw a significant ramp up in Q1. We'd expect them to do that probably in Q2. I don't know what will happen in the back half. But while their incremental is up significantly, and there is a degree of interaction more specifically with Kellogg than maybe others. Their share, I think, was flat for the quarter, so I think you'd have to direct that to them really.
A. D. MacKay: I think on the alternative channels, you are seeing, as I mentioned, some channel shifting. I think Club in general terms is growing very fast, and so is dollar relative to the retail environment. And we likewise did pretty well in those channels. I think that's not just a Kellogg phenomenon. I think that's relatively consistent probably for most companies. And I think as we've looked at it, it is an indication consumers are looking for deals, watching the absolute dollar amount they spend. And we saw that in the first quarter in the Cereal category for ourselves, but it was pretty consistent I think probably for those sectors to have grown above dollar, and Club in particular, the growth rate for the retail. As far as the second question, Judy, on inflation and pricing, it's way too early to be commenting on any of that. I think as John mentioned for this year, or Ron did, we're 80% hedged for 2010. We'll see what happens in the back half of the year, and we don't know if we -- if we decide to do something then we'll notify the market.
A. D. MacKay: I'd also add that our customers are being very understanding through this difficult period. And I think that they will be very supportive as we start to improve their service levels and really start to re-engage with consumer activity in the back half.
A. D. MacKay: Yes. I think, Terry, it did and it played into our share performance. If you look at the impact of the SKU rates in the first quarter, it was about 8/10 of a share. That will be fairly consistent probably through Q2, and then will start to dissipate pretty significantly in the second half. But we're not using that as an excuse. It was something that we needed to do. I think it'll end up being a positive for us. But it's another factor why we're actually looking at the second half being somewhat stronger than the first half.
A. D. MacKay: I think Q2, Q3, you'll see pretty strong increases. The reason in the first quarters was there was much Eggo as anything. We didn't have any support for the Eggo brand in Q1 versus a year ago. And then all it takes is for a campaign or initiative to slip from one quarter to the next. And you can have a point or two shift in your advertising spend. So hopefully, we've made it clear that there is nothing fundamentally changed in our approach to advertising. It's purely timing, driven by Eggo in Q2, Q3. You'll see stronger support and stronger activity for the rest of the year.
A. D. MacKay: We remain very, very positive about our business. And clearly, I think, the timing of the buyback, the increase to demonstrate that we are returning cash to shareholders both in the increase in the three-year to $2.5 billion, plus the 8% dividend, hopefully sends that message clearly. The timing of the buyback just gives us a little bit more flexibility. But we remain very positive about the Kellogg stock.
A. D. MacKay: You'd have to ask them, but I mean if we just look at IRI data, whether you look at the four-week, the eight-week or the 12-week, you're seeing IRI, which understates the category performance, down five, down three, down two and a half. So even if you add back at least a couple of points for that, it would indicate that the first month of the year, the second month of the year and the third month of the year, round out the quarter, the category was showing a degree of softness relative to year ago. And I think our view on that is primarily that relates to, as we said, the comps versus a year ago in the category grew 6% to 7%, which to be quite frank, I think was a demonstration of the shift we've seen in consumer patterns: More people eating at home, more people actually buying cereal because it was great value. The category got a significant bump this year, not that, that is necessarily turned around. That comp makes it difficult. You've got retailers driving traffic to their stores, consumers being a lot more sensitive to value, buying on deal, channel shifting. All of those things in combination meant that the category is down slightly. But as we said, we think that may be the case in the second quarter. But as we get through the second half, we think the category is going to come back to more normal levels.
A. D. MacKay: I think if you look at the soft base, David, a part of it is consumers buying more on deal. If you look at the base of that core, for the quarter, it's down in line with the category. Our base has also been hurt by the SKU rationalization. Long term, we'd like to see more base, and we hope to see that as we go to the second half. And we are very pleased that overall, our profit was still very solid.
A. D. MacKay: No, the fiber additions in a number of kids products are all about trying to strengthen and differentiate our foods and address specific nutritional needs in the populations we serve. And 90-plus percent of kids and adults in the U.S. don't get enough fiber in their diet. We've tried to add it in a way that doesn't impact the taste of the product, so we can actually help address that deficiency. But really I think the base is one of the causes. There are a couple of other brands that on a year-versus-year basis, like Special K and All-Bran, where we had very strong support a year ago, wasn't working and we pulled. That's also impacted the base. But general terms, we'd like to see our base get stronger. We're hoping that will happen in the second half.
A. D. MacKay: I think, Robert, on the advertising question, we feel pretty okay for 2010. We are noticing, as you're seeing, some spot increases in maybe in the back part of the year. So that may be something we're going to have to think about as we get more data and we look to 2011. But the other area, of course, in the whole advertising mix is the increased focus on digital and what we're doing to manage cost and drive efficiency will help offset and mitigate some of that as we go through this year and into next.
A. D. MacKay: What we said is that we don't think our shares outstanding are going to change much. We haven't said exactly what we're going to buy back, when we're going to buy back. We've said that we don't think shares outstanding are going to change much this year. But we've also said that regardless of where we end up on share repurchases in 2010, we're very confident about hitting our 11% to 13% currency neutral EPS guidance.
Ronald Dissinger: Yes, of course. Cash flow was driven by strong earnings growth. Partially offsetting that, we did have a large tax refund in the first quarter of 2009 that had an adverse impact on this year's cash flow. That would really be the key item. We did have some settlement on some hedging contracts as well in the first quarter, and those are really the drivers of our cash flow position.
Ronald Dissinger: We're more likely to buy back less shares and to see that share repurchase back-end loaded. I should point out, we are committed to returning cash to shareholders as evidenced by the recent approval from our Board of Directors on the $2.5 billion share repurchase. We did increase our dividend by a strong 8% as well.
Ronald Dissinger: Share repurchases are likely to be a little bit less. At this point in time, we're taking a position to maintain a very strong financial flexibility position, strong liquidity position, given that the financial markets remain volatile. For instance, look at what's going on over in Europe. Even if we buy back less shares this year, we're quite confident in hitting our 11% to 13% currency neutral earnings per share.
Ronald Dissinger: Eric, the exact amount that we intend to spend this year, I don't think we necessarily communicated that. We did buy back some shares as we discussed in the first quarter. We do have options exercises that partially offset any share repurchases that we make. And as I communicated earlier, we expect any share repurchases to be very back-end weighted at this point in time. It's more of a timing matter though than anything, Eric.
Ronald Dissinger: Yes, to sum all of those items up, Russia, China, they would be a big factor contributing to bringing us down to roughly half a point of increase. And then I also mentioned that the peanut butter-related recalls, Eggo, Venezuela, Brazil, those are virtually offsetting, if you take all of those and kind of wrap them together.
Ronald Dissinger: The benefit we had in gross margin from pricing was as a result of lapping some of the earlier in 2009 price increases that we executed. So we've got some benefit that quite frankly, as we look to the future quarters, likely won't be there. We did see a little bit of positive improvement from a mix standpoint as well.
Ronald Dissinger: Let me comment first on the cost pressures. I believe we've previously told you approximately 3% expected increase, and now we're suggesting 3% to 4%. We do have better visibility now that we've gotten through the first quarter. We are seeing slightly higher increases in our factory costs. Not necessarily related to energy, though fuel is ticking up a little bit. I wouldn't say that it's monumental. We are spending a little bit of money in Brazil and Venezuela as a result of the disruptions that we saw there. Remember, I mentioned also the commodities turned around a little bit on us. That was included in our guidance. We do still feel quite comfortable at hitting that 100 basis point improvement in gross margin, however.
Ronald Dissinger: 4% to 5%. So where we've talked about cost pressures being roughly 3% to 4% increased savings are expected to be more in the range of 4% to 5%, contributing to us getting to the 100 basis points of margin improvement.
John Bryant: Jonathan, it's John here. It only takes us about three or four months to negotiate to a trade activity with the customer, and then we'll shift a week or so before the actual deal.
John Bryant: Judy, it's John here. If you look at the IRI data, looks like we offset 30 basis points a share across all channels. Looks like we offset 20 basis points. So we did gain some slight share in the alternative channels, and that was primarily in Club and drug. And I think a part of that is some softer year-ago comparisons in those channels. And as David said, those channels themselves are growing because the consumer is shifting more into those channels.
John Bryant: If think if you look at Eggo, our production is getting back nearly to where it was. We have been focused on rebuilding our customers inventories, and we need to continue to build on into our own inventories. And so I don't think we're going to be shipping that much ahead of consumption going forward. As you look into the back half of the year, we are now turning on more of our demand plan to try and drive demand. And to do that, obviously, we will have the whole range of that normal demand planning, demand driving initiatives, advertising, et cetera, to try to bring that market back to its more normal level. In terms of shelf size or shelf space, what we'll say there is we've been operating around 15 SKUs. That's going to go up to probably something like 19 SKUs. It's still well below the 40-plus that we had before the event. So the good news is, is that the core is very strong. And that the brand is very strong, and we're very confident this business is going to come back aggressively because we've seen consumers really holding in there with us. And I do expect a much better back half than front half.
John Bryant: We're still working on the capacity solution. So we will build additional capacity coming online later on, probably towards the end of the year.
John Bryant: Well, to be clear, Eric, we're not back to pre-production levels. We're nearly back to pre-production levels. So we are a little bit shy of where we were. And like any business, the 80-20 rule applies to the SKUs that we have, and mostly volume that's going through those core SKUs. I'm not sure when or if we get back to 40 SKUs because some of those SKUs just weren't turning at the rate that we probably should've had them turning at. So I think we've got our core in place, it's well served and I think we can grow from this core.
